===== 2025 Q1  (2025-04-24 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company First Quarter 2025 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to wtwco.com for the press release and supplemental information that were issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for three months on the Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company's website. Some of the comments in today's call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Security Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For more details discussed in these other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statements of the earnings press release issued this morning, as well as other disclosures in the most recent Form 10-K on the other Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company SEC filings. During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. A reconciliation of non-GAAP measures, as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to Carl Hess, Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Carl Hess: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company's first quarter 2025 earnings call. Joining me today is Andrew Krasner, our Chief Financial Officer. Julie Gebauer, our President of Health, Wealth, and Career, and Lucy Clark, our President of Risk and Broking, are also joining us for our Q&A session. In the first quarter, we built on our strong finish to 2024 and delivered 5% organic growth, 100 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion, and $3.13 of adjusted EPS. This performance was in line with our expectations for quarterly pacing and supports our trajectory toward delivering our full-year goals. These solid results are the product of our relentless focus on advancing our strategic objectives. In particular, our efforts to enhance efficiency are strengthening our ability to generate operating leverage and support margin expansion. We remain fully committed to our strategy and are confident in the benefits it will bring, and I want to thank all Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company colleagues for their hard work executing our plans. On that note, let me share our thoughts on what we are seeing in the market and how it may affect our businesses. As we have discussed in the past, changing economic and regulatory conditions tend to drive demand for our services. The current heightened risk landscape and macroeconomic volatility create opportunities for us to help our clients manage their cost and risk profiles and lead their organizations through change. In risk and broking, concerns about global trade, potential inflationary pressures, and growing geopolitical risks have led to considerable uncertainty and elevated risk for many companies. These risks are not evenly distributed by industry, and we believe our specialty approach has enabled us to provide tailored counsel more quickly than we could have under our previous geographic alignment. For example, the global trade landscape has changed significantly due to new American tariffs on steel and other industrial goods, leading to unexpected cost increases in the rebuilding and replacement of damaged property. This poses a financial challenge for businesses dependent on insured property, and to address these risks, Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company introduced the Tariff Guard endorsement, a strategic enhancement to commercial property coverage for natural resources companies. Together with the scale and depth of the solutions we offer, Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company is well-positioned to continue to serve as a reliable and trusted partner for our clients. In HWC, the growing share of recurring revenue streams provides a stable, resilient foundation for navigating the current environment. Our deep expertise and strong analytical capabilities position us well to respond to the expected near-term increase in demand for benefits cost management projects, pension forecasting, workforce and total rewards modeling, communication support, and more. That said, the heightened geopolitical uncertainty is also creating near-term headwinds in certain areas, particularly in our North America career businesses, where some clients in certain industry sectors may choose to delay advisory work until they have greater clarity on the macroeconomic outlook. Similarly, we are likely to see a modest decline in assets under management-based fees in our investments business if capital market conditions persist. As a reminder, these businesses are a small minority of HWC. The vast majority of our HWC revenues are recurring in nature, with client retention rates in the mid-nineties, making us confident in our ability to sustain growth in HWC even if economic conditions weaken. In addition, over the longer term, we expect macroeconomic changes to spur more demand for our services as clients seek support in responding to the new environment, a pattern we have seen in prior periods of regulatory shift. I'm confident in the resilience of our business and our colleagues, who have proven their ability to navigate challenging circumstances. Our colleagues' hard work is reflected in the momentum we have built in the market and the strong start we have made this year implementing our new strategy to accelerate performance, enhance efficiency, and optimize our portfolio. We have recorded many strategic wins this quarter that highlight our focus on accelerating performance. In R and B, the strength of our specialization strategy and our ability to deliver differentiated value through technical expertise, global collaboration, and client-centric solutions were key factors in these wins. In Europe, we secured a complex construction mandate tied to what is expected to become the largest urban development in the region. This opportunity was a result of the close coordination of our construction specialists globally and effective cross-selling from our regional colleagues. Also in Europe, we expanded our existing mandate with a major global airline to be the sole broker for property and casualty and local lines, displacing several of our major competitors due to our specialized industry focus, long-term relationship, and more efficient service. Finally, we were appointed to provide both construction all-risk and health and benefits coverage for a key player in the mining and metals sector in West Africa, driven by our innovative solutions, exceptional service offerings, and competitive premiums. This appointment demonstrates our ability to offer client-integrated solutions across our R and B and HWC businesses and highlights the value of our global platform. In HWC, we successfully accelerated performance by growing our core business and making smart connections. For example, a global appliance manufacturer who relies on us for global engine actuarial work chose us for their global benefits management work across more than 50 countries because of the strength of our global network and the strategic insight we delivered on program design and financing. In another example, we unseated a twenty-year incumbent in winning the US health and benefits outsourcing for a major hospitality company. They were compelled to make the change because of our engaging digital tools, our enterprise-grade administration platform, and our track record of delivering quality outcomes. Against a wide range of competitors, a major European financial institution selected us to assist them in a multiyear effort to redesign their group-wide job architecture, implement a new remuneration system, and support them with ongoing pay benchmarking. Our industry expertise and business-aligned process set us apart. We continue to focus on enhancing our efficiency through technology. I'm pleased to share that Liberty Specialty Markets is now using Neuron, Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company's digital trading platform, for live trading of DNO and cyber risks. Neuron connects brokers and insurers in real-time, streamlining complex specialty risk placements. We expect more insurers to join the Neuron platform this year, further enhancing its value and efficiency. WeDo, Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company's enterprise delivery organization, is also driving greater efficiency. After investing in global service delivery centers for several years to help standardize our service delivery model, we are now better able to leverage automation, data, and AI to further increase margins and deliver more value to clients. For example, as part of WeDo's right technology strategy, we implemented a tool to automate critical data audit and validation tasks for retirement clients. We quickly scaled the solution to 22 countries by putting it in the hands of retirement teams in our global service delivery centers. Process improvements like this help Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company increase our agility and reduce costs while securing our clients' sensitive data. With regard to portfolio optimization, I'd like to highlight Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company's purchase of Global Commercial Credit, a specialist broker focused on trade credit and political risk insurance. The acquisition adds to our fast-growing specialty strategy and our geographic footprint in a key growth area of the North American market. Though it's a smaller acquisition, it reflects our focus on increasing our exposure to attractive high-growth and high-margin markets within our existing strategy. And finally, our reinsurance JV is progressing well. We're encouraged by the momentum and remain confident in its long-term contribution to growth and earnings. Overall, I'm pleased with how we started the year, delivering results in line with our expectations. We produced solid revenue growth that supported meaningful margin expansion across both segments. I remain confident in our ability to deliver on the 2025 outlook for mid-single-digit organic growth, adjusted operating margin expansion, adjusted EPS growth, and ongoing improvement in free cash flow margin. We're actively monitoring the macro environment and may adjust our outlook depending on how factors like trade negotiations affect economic stability and growth. We're prepared to proactively manage through changes and adjust priorities as needed to stay aligned with our financial objectives. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, Carl. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. In the first quarter, we delivered organic revenue growth of 5% in line with our expectations. Adjusted operating margin expanded 100 basis points to 21.6% over Q1 2024 or 80 basis points excluding the impact of TRANZACT. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $3.13 excluding the impact of TRANZACT, this reflects an increase of 8% over the prior year. As a reminder, we completed the divestiture of TRANZACT on 12/31/2024, which created a $1.14 headwind to adjusted diluted earnings per share for the full year 2025. As Carl discussed, our businesses are primed to perform and our first quarter results reflect our confidence in the foundation we have established along with our ongoing commitment to the strategic priorities financial framework outlined during our investor day. Next, I'll spend some time reviewing our segment results. Note that to provide comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis unless specifically stated otherwise. Health, wealth, and career revenue grew 3% compared to the first quarter of last year. Growth for the quarter met our expectations and we remain confident in HWC's full-year outlook for mid-single-digit growth and continued margin expansion despite the potential headwinds from economic uncertainty in certain businesses that Carl mentioned. Our health business grew 6% this quarter, all regions saw growth, with a double-digit increase outside North America driven by solid client retention, strong new business, geographic expansion in Saudi Arabia, and the ongoing appeal of our global benefits management solution. In North America, client retention and new mid-market sales led to an increase in commissions, while consulting fees increased with more projects focused on cost management and legislative change. With the potential for healthcare inflation to go even higher in the current environment, we expect that demand to continue. We continue to expect high single-digit growth in health for 2025 based on global market momentum, successful introduction of new products, including our enhanced mid-market solution in North America, and our focus on sales excellence. Wealth revenue grew 2% in the first quarter driven by low single-digit growth in the retirement business and high single-digit growth in the investments business. In retirement, strong growth outside North America due to increased derisking activity and growth in our LifeSite solutions, partially offset due to the expected negative timing impact of project activity in North America relative to the prior year. Our investments business delivered high single-digit growth due to new product launches and the positive impact of favorable capital markets performance in the quarter. While the recent market volatility may impact second-quarter results, particularly for investments, we continue to expect low single-digit growth in the wealth business for the year. Career growth was 1% this quarter, largely in line with our expectations. While growth was tempered somewhat, as economic uncertainty led some clients to defer advisory work, we continue to see healthy demand in areas such as pay transparency, incentive design, and pay benchmarking. Revenue growth is expected to be weighted towards the second half of the year due to the typical seasonality in compensation surveys and timing of project work. As Carl highlighted, the lack of economic and policy clarity may impact the growth of the career business in the short term. However, support for legislative changes and cost management will continue to create demand. And as we highlighted in Investor Day, our focus on product and technology offerings will further mitigate the downside risk associated with the uncertainty. Nonetheless, we see a wider range of potential outcomes for career this year, and anticipate growth in the low to mid-single-digit range. Benefits delivery and outsourcing saw 1% growth versus the first quarter of last year. BD and O revenue benefited from increased project and core administration work in Europe. We expect growth to accelerate throughout the year with the incidence of special project work to support regulatory changes and the timing of new client implementations. We continue to expect BD and O to grow at a mid-single-digit rate for the year. HWC's operating margin in the fourth quarter was 26.7%, an increase of 160 basis points compared to the prior year or a 40 basis point improvement excluding the impact of the TRANZACT divestiture, demonstrating our ability to consistently deliver margin expansion. We have a strong track record of margin expansion in HWC, and we will continue to build on that during 2025. Moving to risk and broking, first-quarter revenue growth was 7% marking nine consecutive quarters of high single-digit to double-digit growth. Our specialization strategy and our investments in talent, technology, and innovation continue to bear fruit. Corporate risk and broking had another strong quarter, growing 8% or 9% when excluding both book of business activity and interest income. Notably, this is on top of 9% growth in the first quarter of 2024. CRB's growth was broad-based across all regions. Our specialization strategy remains a key growth driver for CRB and specialty continues to outpace the rest of the segment's growth. We continue to see sustained client retention rates in the mid-nineties and strong new business generation around the world. Globally, our construction, facultative, crisis management, and surety specialty lines were major contributors to the strong growth performance this quarter. From a geographic perspective, North America had a solid start to the year with notable contributions from our natural resources, surety, and M and A businesses. Furthermore, we saw double-digit growth in our specialty lines across our Great Britain, Western Europe, and international geographies driven by strong new business generation. Moving on to our 3% across both our technology and consulting practices. As we discussed at Investor Day, our ongoing investment in technology is driving an intentional shift in the mix of offerings in ICT, creating value for our clients by integrating technology and consulting solutions. Q1 growth in ICT was consistent with our projections, and we continue to expect mid-single-digit growth for the full year. For risk and broking in total, we continue to expect mid to high single-digit growth for the full year. RMB's operating margin was 22% for the quarter. A 120 basis point increase over the prior year first quarter. This is primarily due to operating leverage, from our organic revenue growth as well as transformation savings, partially offset by a combined 100 basis point headwind from foreign currency lower interest income, and the absence of gain on sale activity. As we outlined at our Investor Day last December, we continue to expect to deliver 100 basis points of average annual adjusted operating margin expansion in RMB over the next three years. Driven by operating leverage, and additional efficiencies including the deployment of our global broking platform and workflow optimization. Now let's turn to the enterprise level results. Adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 21.6%, a 100 basis point increase over prior year primarily driven by greater operating leverage, which includes the benefits of our now completed transformation program. Regardless of the macro environment, we remain confident in our operational visibility and control which strengthens our conviction in delivering margin expansion this year. Foreign exchange was a headwind to adjusted EPS of $0.09 for the quarter. Based on our current outlook and current spot rates, we expect foreign exchange to have no material impact on adjusted EPS for the full year as the $0.09 headwind from Q1 will unwind by the end of the year. Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 21.5% versus 19.9% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 22.7% compared to 22.3% for the first quarter of 2024. We expect our 2025 tax rate to be relatively consistent with that of 2024. Free cash flow was negative $86 million for the first quarter of 2025, a decrease of $50 million from the prior year. Primarily driven by the absence of cash collections related to TRANZACT and increased compensation payments. Since TRANZACT historically recorded cash inflows in the first half of the year, followed by larger cash outflows in the second half of the year, TRANZACT sale will be a net tailwind to free cash flow on a full-year basis. As a reminder, free cash flow and free cash flow margin now reflect cash outflows for capitalized software costs, for all periods presented in the earnings materials. For the full year, we continue to expect to expand our free cash flow margin driven by the sale of TRANZACT, the wind down of transformation-related cash outflows, and expected annual margin expansion. With a partial offset from cash taxes on the Willis Re earn-out payment which have not yet been paid. During the quarter, we returned $288 million to our shareholders via share repurchases of $200 million and dividends of $88 million. As we discussed at Investor Day in December, share repurchases will remain our primary form of capital return and a central component of our capital allocation strategy. We continue to expect to allocate approximately $1.5 billion to share repurchases in 2025 subject to market conditions and potential capital allocation to inorganic investment opportunities. Given our balanced approach to capital allocation, we plan to continue to invest in talent and our platform to drive sustainable growth and expand margins. We will also increasingly emphasize M and A aligned with our strategic priorities of improving our business mix, expanding our reach across the insurance value chain, and enhancing our margins and free cash flow. In closing, we are encouraged by our business performance in Q1, and expect to achieve our outlook for 2025. With that, let's open it up for Q and A.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question is going to come from the line of Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Gregory Peters: Good morning, everyone. So thanks for the detail, in your comments. And just some a question around the tariff and trade uncertainty. Carl, you mentioned the career business. And the investment business is having some pressure. Andrew, you talked about the health business being high single digit. Component Maybe you could you can give us some more color on how this is gonna unfold and generate this mid single digit type growth that you're forecasting for health, wealth and career for the year?
Operator: And pardon me, Mr. Peters. We are having technical difficulty so just hang on a moment, and they will be right back with you. Just a moment, everyone. Stand by. Yes. We are, Claudia. Okay. Mr. Peters, could I please get you to repeat your question again, sir?
Gregory Peters: Absolutely. I'm not sure if you guys heard it or not, but I'll certainly go at it again. So the first of all, good morning. But then secondly, in your comments, Carl, you talked about the some some headwinds from tariffs and potential economic volatility on the career business. And the investment business Andrew, in your comments, you talked about the health business being up high single digits for the year. Maybe give us some additional color, what's driving your expectation for mid single digits in health, wealth and career for the year given all the the the the puts and takes?
Carl Hess: Sure, Greg. Thanks, and good morning. So you know, just to set it out right, Health and Wealth Grid did grow 3%. Year over year, which was very much in line with our expectations. And we're seeing strong demand for our global benefits management offering. For pension consulting, for outsourcing, demonstrated by the some of the notable new appointments that I mentioned earlier. We are confident in our pipe pipeline, and we do continue to expect that HWC is gonna have mid single digit organic revenue growth for the full year. Andrew?
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. And, Greg, I'll I'll provide some further details maybe on each of the HWC businesses for the quarter and then hand it over to Julie to talk more about what what she's seeing. So HealthHead organic revenue growth of 6%, and, you know, this solid growth was led by strong client retention and new business wins. All regions saw growth with double digit increases internationally We saw strong contributions from geographic expansion efforts Saudi Arabia and the ongoing expansion of our global benefits management solution. Wealth, you know, where we had 2% organic revenue growth, was driven by modest growth in the retirement business and high single digit growth in investments Within retirement, we continue to see strong demand for our LifeSci product. Our investments business delivered high single digit growth from new product launches, new business wins, and an improvement in capital market conditions. Within the quarter. Career had 1% organic revenue growth that was tempered by postponed projects as economic uncertainty drove apply to defer some advisory work. The career is our most economically sensitive business. And the broad market uncertainty may continue to weigh on on growth. Within that business. BDO had grew 1%, and that really benefited from increased project work and administration work in Europe. And as Carl mentioned, you know, we we still remain confident in our pipeline HWC. And continue to expect that that segment will have mid single digit revenue growth. In 2025 and over the long term. Julie?
Julie Gebauer: Thanks, Andrew. You know, my view of the HWC segment has not changed over the last ninety days. As you said, q one generally performed in line with our expectations. And overall, we expect the segment to grow mid single digits for the year. We've got resilient businesses with a significant amount of recurring and required work, and we know how to navigate change and uncertainty emphasizing those solutions that are relevant to clients in this environment. Maybe diving into each of the business areas. In health, health care inflation remains high, may be going higher. We've got a very good pipeline. And we expect growth to accelerate in the second half of the year so we're confident in delivering high single digit growth. In wealth, demand for core defined benefit offerings is strong, and so is demand in adjacent areas. So that supports our outlook for low single digit growth. Now in career, just remember, 70% of our work is from recurring projects like compensation committee appointments, or, like, products like embark portal work compensation surveys. And that work is stable, and it's underway. Now for the advisory project, that uncertainty in the environment is causing some delays. And at the same time, there's some areas like pay transparency, in the EU, and incentive design that still remain strong. So overall in this environment, we've broadened our outlook and we're now expecting low single digit to mid single digit growth for the year. Rounding it out with BD and O, our core offerings are sticky and stable, We expect growth to accelerate through the year and achieve mid single digit growth. So when you put it all together, we are confident in the pipeline that we've got and we continue to expect that the segment will have mid single digit revenue growth in 2025 and for the long term.
Gregory Peters: That is excellent detail. Thank you. I guess I'd like to just take the same question in a apply it to the risk and broking segment. You know, because the tariffs are a popular topic among all the conference calls, and management you know, dealing with the challenges there and and the potential for economic slowdown. Maybe you you can you know, give us some additional detail on how you're thinking about organic revenue growth in the risk of broking business for the year?
Carl Hess: So so, Greg, we're really pleased with the 7% organic. We did for Q1, and that gives us confidence to achieve the mid to high single digit growth in R and D we've seen for the year. The volatility we're seeing in the macro environment creates risk for many companies, and we're well positioned to help our clients manage these risks, especially given the structure of our specialization strategy. Which enables us to provide more tailored consult with increased agility we are seeing strong demand for our services with especially strong interest specialization offering. So I'll pass it over to Lucy to add some more color. On what she's seeing.
Lucy Clark: Thanks. Thanks, Carl, and and thanks for the question. Greg. I I mean, I would just remind everybody that even before the last three months, our clients, whatever industry they're in, whatever geography, whatever size they are, have been navigating one of the most complex risk environments of a generation. That's generally when the most is expected of us and when we're at our best. So these macros may be different, but the broking business is generally resilient. When the circumstances are uncertain. I think that our specialization strategy will serve us well. And our focus is on performing for clients. We're responding to increasing demand for trade credit and political risks, and quickly coming up with new products like the natural resources guys did. With Tariff Guard. So we we feel confident about the fundamentals of the business. The mid to high single digit growth for twenty five.
Gregory Peters: Got it. Thanks for the answers.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment as we move on to our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. My first question is on HWC. I think in the fourth quarter, you guys had alluded to some timing, right? Revenue being pushed from Q4 to Q1. In Career and perhaps in other areas? And did did that that revenue come online in the Q1? Or is that now getting pushed back a bit further in, you know, when you guys are talking about a stronger half year two? This year.
Carl Hess: So, Elyse, good morning. And as we said in our opening comments, career does have some near term sensitivity. To the lack of economic policy clarity. But we do think that the, you know, support for legislative changes that affect our clients as well as, you know, cost management is going to create demand As we review our pipeline, our expectations for revenue growth to be weighted toward the second half of the year Part of that is, you know, typical seasonality of compensation surveys and the timing of the project work? That's one of the reasons we have the wider range of outcomes Julie talked about.
Julie Gebauer: And I'll just add the the reminder that the first quarter was largely in line with our expectations, though it was muted because of the economic uncertainty. And there was a modest impact on the revenue in the quarter because of that. I'll just come back to something I previously said. We've got about 70% of our revenue coming from recurring work. And as Carl mentioned, a lot of that comes in the second half. And we're seeing an increase in our survey participation this year. Our pipeline for work is strong given the focus that we have on the market. It's a very disciplined focus. Our teams are initiating discussions with clients and and prospects about topics that really matter in this environment. And I already mentioned pay transparency, but there are areas like the impact of market volatility on incentive plans. And that's generating new leads and new sales. And the effort that we have to embed our employee experience capabilities into other offerings is also having an impact For example, many of our new outsourcing implementations that are going to happen later in this year will include our Embark software portal, and the workforce management work that we're selling includes communications and change management. Support. We've got a durable career business, and our teams are really equipped to address what our clients need now. In spite of the uncertainty slowing down some projects in the first quarter. So we're confident this is going to allow us to grow in the range of low to mid single digits.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then my follow-up was on free cash flow. If you can just, you know, talk about your expectations for the full year and just walk us through any puts and takes. I know you mentioned, Andrew, some of the TRANZACT you know, first half versus second half in your opening comments. But anything else that we should be thinking about you know, for free cash flow this year?
Andrew Krasner: Yep. Absolutely. So our our our free cash flow figure of negative $86 million though below prior year by $50 million it was right in line with our expectations for the quarter. And we remain in line with our planned trajectory to deliver free cash flow margin expansion in 2025. To provide a bit more color around that, the year over year decrease in Q1 was primarily driven by two items. One is the seasonality of Transact cash flows So Transact historically recorded cash inflows. In the first half of the year followed by larger cash outflows in the second half of the year So on a full year basis, TRANZACT sale will be a net tailwind to free cash flow. But it was a headwind this quarter and will be for Q2 as well. And the second item is increased compensation payments in year over year. Basis. And and as I think about the full year and and beyond, so I the right way to think about it is our 2024 free cash flow margin was 12.8%. That was inclusive of 440 basis points of headwinds. From Transact and transformation. So if you think about our 2024 free cash flow on a normalized basis for those factors, it was about 17.2%. From that 17.2% normalized base, we expect further free cash flow margin improvement from operating margin expansion you know, offset by roughly 200 basis points of headwinds related to transformation cash outflows and cash taxes on the Willis Re earn out, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks. You put all that together, I think that's how I think about twenty five. And then we continue to be confident in our ability to expand our free cash flow margin, you know, beyond beyond that after 2025.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment as we move on to our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Rob Cox: Hey, thanks. First question, I wanted to ask about M and A. You all talked about increasingly emphasizing M and A back at the Investor Day and then here today in the comments. And we've seen one deal so far, which is, you know, a little bit lighter than some of the public and private broker run rate But so I was just curious, you know, Did you think you would have acquired more businesses by now when you outlined the strategy back in December? And, you know, are you still seeing deals out there, and what's stopping you from from doing more?
Carl Hess: Yeah. I mean, thanks, Rob. Morning. We feel good about our approach to m and a. Right? I mean, just to remind everyone, because we talked a bit about this at Investor Day, you know, looking for companies that could be a good fit culturally. You know, with that we're we're not gonna see a lot of business disruption over the integration, and they they've gotta satisfy the following criteria. First, improve our business mix to enhance our growth and growth presence. In in key markets, while strengthening our offering in high growth, high margin areas of our core business. Second, they should expand our reach across the insurance value chain. To further accelerate our growth while filling gaps our capabilities and footprint. And we wanna target businesses that help enhance our margin and free cash flow. Profile. Know, with regard to timing, our through our grow simplify transfer strategy, we solidified our infrastructure We strengthened the company. We have the right business focus now. We have more efficient processes. We've got the tools to integrate potential targets with Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company and deliver long term value. Right? So we have our eyes on the landscape We recognize there's going to be others active in the space. But, you know, we're looking for what's right for us. Not just to do deals because we see others doing.
Rob Cox: Appreciate the color. Maybe as a follow-up, on the macro environment. I mean, given Willis is a a global business, some curious when you look out at the operating environment and based on your client are you seeing any more economic weakness or uncertainty in certain geographies?
Carl Hess: Well, I mean, as we've said in the past, right, you know, Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company is really well positioned to weather macroeconomic uncertainty. You can look to our history. You can look back to our predecessor companies. You know, we have thrived under many various market conditions. And we think the current macro environment is gonna create more opportunities for us. As we alluded to earlier, right, economic challenges can intensify our clients' needs for sound advice and risk management solutions. And many of our clients look to Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company help in navigating these obstacles creating opportunities that drive demand for our services, regarding workforce management, regarding pension plans, regarding risk management solutions. Let me turn it a little bit over to Julie and Lucy to talk about what they're seeing in the segments. Julie?
Julie Gebauer: Sure, Carl. So, I'll just start with repeating something I've already said, which is that the vast majority of our work is recurring and required. And even in our most economically sensitive businesses in the career area, about 70% of our revenue comes from those areas. So we've got a steady base. And this ability to navigate in uncertainty is helpful, and that's across the world. We're focused on solutions that are relevant in this environment. So we're well positioned to capture demand where there's a need for workforce management workforce reduction. Healthcare cost management is an important topic right now, and pension cost modeling, what's going to happen if the environment changes? All very important for us. And even as the uncertainty causes some delays for some discretionary advisory work, until there's greater clarity, these areas will hold us firm. So we're confident about our mid single digit growth outlook for the year.
Lucy Clark: Yeah. Thanks. Thanks, Julie, and thanks, Rob, for the I think I will also repeat something I've already said, which is that in in these circumstances, however uncertain they are, the broking business tends to be very resilient. We're not seeing particular weakness right at the moment from our clients. In fact, we're seeing increasing demand for some of our specialty products. And so, really, our focus is on just performing for our clients and delivering in these uncertain environments.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. And one moment as we move on to our next question. And the next question is going to come from the line of Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Paul Newsome: Good good morning. Thanks for the call. Was hoping you could give us a little additional color on in the risk and broking business on carrier competition. We're hearing a lot about weakness in the large account business and maybe some resilience elsewhere. And know, obviously, Willis has a a mix of business between middle and large. It's, you know, fluid slows, but we know it's important. So any thoughts on both what you're seeing in the marketplace plus the implications for your businesses?
Lucy Clark: Hi, Paul. It's Lucy. Thanks for thanks for the question. Yeah, so first of all, we definitely are seeing an improvement in pricing in most lines across the market. Broadly, that improvement or falling rates and pricing is mostly in property, large and complex risk. Financial lines have stabilized after a period of improvement. And the pricing continues to increase in certain areas such as North American casualty, and auto. So what does that mean? Well, first of all, I think it's important to remember that while we can't predict what will happen, the rating environment is not a surprise for us. Our clients have had many years of steep increases. Carriers have performed well. Pricing is adequate. And so we were expecting an improving pricing market for our clients. The our business mix is about half commission, half fee. And about half property, half casualty. So I think we're well positioned, and of course, we can't predict to what extent the rates will fall and would, I guess, particularly note that the geopolitical and macroeconomic uncertainty may have a dampening effect on the optimism we're seeing today.
Paul Newsome: That's that's one that's very helpful. Thank you. Alternative question, a little bit more of a modeling approach question. So I'm getting quite a bit of questions from investors about market implications equity, financial market implications. On wealth and and career. And I think you've touched on this, but maybe a few thoughts would be great. Just to talk about sort of the sensitivity those businesses directly. Is it is simply a matter of just looking at the assets that are management. And the relationship there, but I suspect there's way more to it Any thoughts there that I think help folks who are trying to model this from an asset and management perspective?
Carl Hess: So so remember, Paul, that that our wealth business really has two major components. The bigger component is our pensions consulting business, where we're typically appointed the actuary for defined benefit fund and these relationships are very, very stable. They can last, you know, literally for decades. And we've got client retention rates in the high nineties. So very, very sticky, very annuity, very stable basis. The smaller part of the wealth segment is our investment business, which is a combination of investment management and investment consulting. Our clients vary, but there a lot of them are defined benefit funds. Where their asset base is typically quite matched to their liabilities. So our sensitivity to equity markets is probably a bit less than you would think. Right? We've got exposure to overall level of assets, but these are quite, you know, hedged to pension liabilities. So the characteristics vary a bit. Julie, many further
Julie Gebauer: I'll just add that in our investments business, which is less than 5% of our overall HWC revenue, that some of our fees are determined as basis points on assets under management, but that's not all of our fees. We've got a meaningful portion of our revenue that are fixed fees. So the the the basis point related fees are the ones that are to capital market volatility. And while that didn't affect us, in Q1 because of favorable performance, the reserve performance could could leave us with an impact in q two. And then the other thing I'll add is that we intend to offset any short term headwind as much as possible by going to market aggressively with solutions that are currently relevant, like workforce management.
Paul Newsome: Thank you. I really appreciate the help as as always. Very much appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. One moment as we move on to our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thank you. I guess, one, Lucy, just could you remind us how big is the transactional business as a part of your overall business? And is that going to be a headwind at all here as we look forward? I know it's been relatively low but I thought it picked up second half last year.
Lucy Clark: Hi, Brian. It's Lucy. Thanks Thanks for the question. So we're not gonna comment on the size of our M and A business. And so we don't expect a major impact throughout the rest of the year.
Brian Meredith: K. Thanks. And then second question, I'm just curious on share buyback in the quarter. Appreciate that the first quarter is usually the weaker, the free cash flow quarters. But I would have thought with you know, the correction your stock had post fourth quarter results you've been a little bit more aggressive with with share buyback. Was there anything else to kinda think about that that maybe prevented you from buying back more shares in the in the quarter?
Andrew Krasner: So, you know, there's there's lots of things that go into the pay of the share repurchases. Throughout the year. I think the right thing to focus is on the $1.5 billion that we've committed to for the year. You know, with regard to pacing, you know, we we have opportunities at certain points in time to lean in depending on market conditions and accelerate some of that. And that's, you know, what we tend to do from time to time. So it's really, I think, a combination of timing, market conditions, but, again, focus on the full billion and a half for the full year.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
David Motemaden: Hey, good morning. I wanted to focus on wealth and BD and O, where I think you guys had called out a few areas of project activity, timing, that negatively impacted you guys. If you could size that impact that each of those had on each of the segment, organic growth rates? And then maybe just elaborate a bit more on your visibility into those coming online over the rest of the year. I I get that demand for your services has gone up, but you know, if it's project work, it sounds kinda discretionary in nature. So just wondering what your conversations with clients have been on those and what gives you some confidence that we're gonna see that revert back.
Carl Hess: So let me address BD and O first and then we can talk a bit about wealth. Right, remember that BD and O grew 1% for the quarter, and we did have some increased project and core administration work in Europe We expect growth to accelerate through the year with new client implementations as well as special project work. Part of that is to support regulatory changes. And part of it can be things that can actually be offsetting unfavorable macroeconomic conditions such as increased COBRA administration. If people are laying additional people off. So there's some, you know, not all the project work is economically sensitive in the way you might think it might be. Right? With respect to wealth, you know, often a lot we have a variety of projects that could somebody could be in response to regulatory change, which demands clients analyze the effect of such change on their retirement plans, some of the contemplation of pension risk transfer activity. Maybe, Julie, you wanna elaborate a little bit more.
Julie Gebauer: Yeah. On the derisking activity, we had decent amount of that in q one, as as mentioned in the prepared comments. That activity is dependent on a number of factors. The top factors are pension plans funded status and Carl commented on how that's changing, maybe not as dramatically as people would have thought, and the interest rate environment. And as we look at it, those factors are still favorable for many plans. So we do expect that type of activity to continue in the current environment. Probably at a slightly slower rate than we initially projected for the year. But we expect clients that aren't under undertaking derisking initiatives will pick up other project work to evaluate pension volatility, to use pensions to support workforce action, and the like. So we are confident that we'll capture our fair share of that, and that's reflected in our outlook of low single digit growth.
David Motemaden: Great. Thank you. Thanks for that. That makes sense. And then maybe, Andrew, just following up on the free cash flow, you had mentioned, the transact sale was a headwind to free cash flow this quarter. And will be next quarter as well. I'm wondering if you could just size that, how much of a headwind it was to free cash flow this quarter and and then the expectation for the headwind for next quarter just so I can sort of break down the components.
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. Sure. So for this quarter, year over year was a $56 million headwind in q two, it will be substantially smaller about $8 million or so.
David Motemaden: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment as we move on to our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Chewis Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. In, 3% this quarter Last quarter is 11%. Was that just timing of new business or was there any sort of fundamental transition or inflection there?
Carl Hess: Yeah. So remember, I ICT is a mix of consulting offerings and technology offerings. The consulting includes both recurring services such as reserve calculations for insurance companies as well as project work for things like securities issuance or m and a. On the technology side, we offer products that support things like underwriting rate making, In fact, you as we pointed that out in q four, that was one of the drivers for the q four growth. And, you know, we can just make the pattern from quarter on quarter look a little bit jagged. Right? We think that's a feature, not a book.
Mark Hughes: Very good. And then on the reinsurance JV, any change in your estimate for cost for the full year? Any quick comments on how that's ramping?
Carl Hess: So reminder, well, this is a new launch. Right? We're still in the start up phase, and we're we're focused on building out the infrastructure and hiring new talent. At this point, we'll give you more of an update when there's more to share. But we're very pleased with the progress made and we're excited about our return in reinsurance. Andrew, you wanna comment on
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. And just just to just to confirm, there's no change in the outlook at this point. For for the rest of the year with regard to the guidance we previously gave?
Mark Hughes: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And one moment as we move on to the next question. Our next question is going to come from the line of Mark McConn with Baird. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Mark McConn: Good morning. Carl, in your prepared remarks, you went through a number of new business wins. And I was wondering it sounded to me like there's a greater proportion of them that you mentioned than you you've historically mentioned or even know, going back to John, So I'm wondering, number one, do you have do you have any sort of quantification with regards to the number of new business wins and the magnitude of the potential revenue that's coming on. Relative to prior quarters or any sort of quantification at all? Number one. And number two, to what extent is it coming from some of the new talent that you've added relative to, you know, some of the existing folks? Is it a sign of you know, increasing productivity from some of the new hires? Thank you.
Carl Hess: So I I well, I won't talk about numbers specifically. I will say that over the past few years, we have put a lot of interest on being in the market and, you know, bringing new revenue and new logos to our client register. That's been a focus of both segments, and I think you're seeing that pay off handsomely in the revenue growth rates we've been showing over the last few years compared to what you might have had over the years before that. And so, you know, I'm I'm sort of very pleased to see the and focus we put in the marketplace paying off. We've got very strong offerings in both segments, and it's unsurprising to me that we continue to see the sort of progress we're making as demonstrated in our repeated remarks quarter after quarter about the success we're having in the marketplace. Julie, do you want to talk a little bit about segment strategies with regard to that?
Julie Gebauer: We've got a clear focus on building market share in our core growth areas, and we've been successful with that. We've disciplined focus on sales management. We'll enhance that. And then our focus on smart connections finding the ways that we can bring different service offerings together to address client needs and cross sell where it makes sense is paying dividends.
Lucy Clark: Yeah. Thanks. I gotta say, you know, based on on the fundamentals of our business, I really love our position. We have a specialization strategy that's working. We have a market leading digital and technology strategy. And we have the capabilities and credentials to compete with anybody in our space. So, yeah, I think we're seeing a really strong new business in the quarter. That's coming from our existing colleagues as well as the new strategic hires. And we haven't seen the full impact even yet of those strategic hires and of the planned hires we have during the course of the year. So we feel really optimistic about that.
Operator: Thank you. And that is going to conclude today's question and answer session. And I would like to hand the conference back over to Carl Hess for any further remarks.
Carl Hess: Thank you all for joining us. And I just wanna I appreciate the hard work of all our Willis Towers Watson Public Limited Company colleagues globally. Helped us start the year on such a solid note. And I'd also like to thank our shareholders for their continued support of our efforts. Wish everyone a great day, and forward to speaking with you all soon.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the WTW Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to wtwco.com for the press release and supplemental information that were issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next three months on WTW's website. Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in the most recent Form 10-K and other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings. During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. For reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. I'll now turn the call over to Carl Hess. WTW's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Carl Hess: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for WTW's fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings call. Joining me today is Andrew Krasner, our Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I'd like to acknowledge the devastating wildfires in California and express our deepest sympathy to all those affected. For our colleagues, clients and business partners in the areas impacted, our thoughts are with you and we will continue to lend our support through this difficult time. 2024 was a landmark year for WTW. The completion of our 3-year Grow, Simplify and Transform strategic priorities has strengthened our competitive position and enabled us to deliver on our financial targets for 2024. Thanks to our team's focus and collaboration, we entered 2025 with strong momentum in the market and all our businesses playing to perform. As we discussed at our Investor Day in December, three years of hard work to Grow, Simplify and Transform have made WTW a faster-growing, more focused and more profitable company. We grew the business by making strategic investments in talent and innovation, simplified our business to become more efficient and agile and transform the business to modernize and enhance how we operate. The successful execution of our strategy was reflected in our fourth quarter and full year 2024 results. We delivered 5% organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter with an adjusted operating margin of 36.1%, up 190 basis points over the prior year. Excluding TRANZACT, which we divested on December 31, we recorded 6% organic revenue growth and 36.6% adjusted operating margin. Our transformation program, which has now concluded, delivered $27 million of incremental annualized savings during the quarter, bringing total savings over the life of the program to $473 million. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $8.13 and 9% increase year-over-year. For the full year, we had organic revenue growth of 5%, in line with our mid-single-digit target or 6%, excluding TRANZACT. We expanded adjusted operating margin by 190 basis points year-over-year to 23.9% or 24.4% excluding TRANZACT, fulfilling our commitment to annual margin expansion. Our adjusted diluted earnings per share were $16.93, up 17% year-over-year. We're proud of our 2024 performance and are excited for the next chapter at WTW as we implement our new strategy to accelerate performance, enhance efficiency and optimize our portfolio. We're now focused on extending and amplifying our strengths and building on the solid foundation we've created over the last three years. To accelerate performance, we're focused on strengthening our core businesses, continuing to innovate, leveraging and expanding our global footprint and advancing connections across our business. To enhance efficiency, we're committed to continuous improvement and delivering on our WE DO efforts to drive both margin and free cash flow improvement. And to optimize our portfolio, we'll proceed by investing organically and inorganically to improve our business mix, guided by a focused investment framework and a rebalanced capital allocation strategy. As we discussed at Investor Day, many of our strategic objectives represent an evolution rather than a revolution for our businesses. We feel confident about the path forward because we're focusing on and investing most heavily in our best-performing ideas. Let me take a few minutes to share some color around several of our key client wins in the fourth quarter, reflecting our strategic priorities. Our industry-leading analytics capabilities were a key contributor to signing a major global logistics provider to a cross-segment contract, which includes all its global lines of insurance coverage as well as global benefits management. We previously worked with this client a much smaller mandate and by using our Risk Intelligence Software. It changed how the client thought about their insurance portfolio and who they wanted to work with. Together with the trust our team built, our innovative and collaborative solutions led the client to appoint us over their incumbent brokers. We'll continue to focus on strengthening smart connections across our business and going to market collaboratively. In the fourth quarter, this approach alongside our global Service Delivery Model helped us expand our existing relationship with a large global IT vendor to cover a full spectrum of insurance programs, Global Benefits Management and embark and engage implementations. Similarly, collaboration between our CRB and H&B teams in Asia and Europe helped secure a brokerage appointment across both businesses for a leading communications technology group in Asia. Highlighting the connectivity of our businesses across segments and regions. In HWC, we're continuing to focus on our core businesses that have sustained mid-single-digit growth since 2016 and delivered 3% organic growth or 6% organic growth excluding TRANZACT in the fourth quarter. HWC's strategic priorities of core growth, smart connections and innovation will enable us to build on our strong financial track record with sustained revenue growth and further margin expansion. Many of our new business wins in HWC in the fourth quarter reflecting priorities. We continue to add new multiyear client contracts in our core service areas due to our deep technical expertise, sophisticated analytics and our ability to create breakthroughs that matter. Our focus on smart connections resulted in wins that extend across service areas. For example, one of the world's fastest-growing international airlines chose us as their ongoing pension investment adviser, global retirement governance adviser and outsourcing providers. We want Health and Benefits Plan Management and communications work for our Fortune 500 diversified manufacturing company, unseating decades-long incumbents. And one of the largest nonprofit health care systems in the United States awarded us a long-term outsourcing retirement and employee experience contract. And so did a leading logistics company based in Europe. In R&B, as our specialization strategy continues to generate strong results, we're focused on deepening our expertise and expanding our existing specialty lines into new geographies while building the talent and tools to support new specialized lines. In the fourth quarter, we delivered high single-digit organic growth in R&B and won a number of large contracts that reflect the value of our specialization strategy. In CRB, across border teams spanning multiple specialties created a customized construction program for a Middle Eastern mega project of an Asian manufacturing company. Our global collaboration and local expertise helped us secure the work for all risk coverage for the project. And in ICT, we won a multiyear software contract with a large insurer driven by our global analytics capabilities and the efficiency of our technology solutions. I also want to take a moment to highlight our progress on optimizing our portfolio. As I mentioned earlier, we completed the sale of TRANZACT for $632 million on December 31 and expect this divestiture to strengthen our growth rates, operating margins and free cash flow starting in 2025. We're also reentering the reinsurance market through a joint venture with Bain Capital, and Andrew will provide some financial details on that later. And as we discussed at Investor Day, we're taking a focused and disciplined approach to organic investment. We're prioritizing improving our business mix, expanding our reach across the insurance value chain, and enhancing our margins and cash flow. We'll be thoughtful about the opportunities we pursue, recognizing the importance of minimizing business disruption and creating clear cultural alignment. As I look at the year ahead, I feel confident in our position and our outlook for 2025. We have strong momentum in the market. We continue to make steady progress against our strategy and the political and regulatory changes we're seeing in the U.S. and elsewhere across the globe, tend to support client demand for our services. We introduced a financial framework at Investor Day in December that calls for mid-single-digit organic growth, continued annual adjusted operating margin expansion, annual adjusted EPS growth and ongoing growth in free cash flow and free cash flow margin. Andrew will share more details on our financial performance and outlook shortly. But before I hand it over to him, I want to take a moment to reflect on what we've gained from the journey that we've been on these past three years. We have grown, we have simplified and we have transformed, and we are much better for it. I have never been more optimistic about WTW's future. We are more focused, more connected, more efficient and more aligned than we've ever been. And we're keenly focused on realizing our potential to create value for our shareholders. We're well positioned to accelerate performance and deliver profitable growth through innovation and expansion into attractive markets. We're continuing to enhance efficiencies across the company for continued margin expansion and free cash flow improvement. And we're optimizing our business next to elevate our financial performance and our strategic position. I want to thank all our colleagues for their contributions to improving WTW and for their continued commitment to our clients and our company. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, Carl. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. In the fourth quarter, we delivered organic revenue growth of 5% or 6%, excluding TRANZACT. Adjusted operating margin expanded 190 basis points to 36.1% or 36.6% excluding TRANZACT. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $8.13, an increase of 9% over the prior year. For the full year, we delivered organic revenue growth of 5% or 6% excluding TRANZACT. Adjusted operating margins expanded 190 basis points to 23.9%. Excluding TRANZACT, our margin expanded 210 basis points to 24.4%. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $16.93, up 17% over the prior period. Our full year results reflect our strong execution against our Grow, Simplify, Transform strategic priorities, positioning us well as we entered 2025. Next, I'll spend some time reviewing our segment results. Note that to provide comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. Health, Wealth and Career revenue grew 3% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Excluding TRANZACT, HWC revenue grew 6%. The full year HWC generated 4% organic growth or 5% excluding TRANZACT, which was in line with our outlook for the segment as we outlined at Investor Day. Our Health Business grew 18% for the quarter or 16% excluding book of business activity. All geographies achieved double-digit growth with new business and strong client retention being the primary contributors. The continued expansion of our Global Benefits Management Client Portfolio, which we discussed at Investor Day, was a meaningful driver as well. We also saw a robust consulting project activity in Europe and as expected, timing of consulting projects and commissions positively impacted our North America results. We expect Health to deliver high single-digit growth in 2025 based on our 2024 new business success in our current pipeline and sales focus. Wealth revenue grew 3% in the fourth quarter driven by low single-digit growth in our retirement business. We saw a strong demand for LifeSight in Europe as well as consulting projects to implement legislative changes. North America also grew on the back of higher level project activity. Our investments business delivered low single-digit growth despite a strong comparable due to new business wins and successful new solutions. We continue to expect low single-digit growth in the Wealth business. Career delivered 1% revenue growth in the quarter, below our expectations. Timing limited growth in the quarter with some sold projects delayed to Q1. For the full year, Career recorded 4% organic growth, and we are confident that Career will continue growing at similar mid-single-digit levels. Benefits Delivery & Outsourcing revenue declined 2% versus the fourth quarter of last year. Excluding TRANZACT, BD&O revenue grew 1% with notable growth in project work Benefits Outsourcing and new client wins and retirees shopping for new plans in individual marketplace. Excluding TRANZACT, BD&O grew 2% for the full year 2024, despite facing a significant headwind from a large client that insourced its health and Benefits administration as we've discussed in previous quarters. Looking ahead, we expect BD&O to grow at a mid-single-digit rate. HWC's operating margin for the fourth quarter was 41.9%, an increase of 140 basis points compared to the prior year, primarily driven by transformation savings. For the full year, HWC's operating margin grew by 170 basis points to 29.7% and by 180 basis points, excluding TRANZACT to 31.4%. As we mentioned at Investor Day, for 2025, we expect continued margin expansion in HWC. Moving to Risk & Broking. Fourth quarter revenue was up 7% on an organic basis or 8% excluding book of business activity on top of a double-digit comparable in the prior year. Operating margin expanded 60 basis points to 33.5% despite an 80 basis point combined headwind from book of business activity and a decline in interest income. For the full year, Risk & Broking revenue saw 8% organic growth. Excluding the impact of book of business activity and interest income, R&B's growth rate was also 8%. Corporate Risk & Broking had a solid quarter, growing 6%. Excluding book of business activity and interest income, CRB revenue grew 8% on top of a double-digit comparable with contributions from all regions and driven by continued improvement in client retention levels globally and strong new business generation. As Carl mentioned, our specialization strategy continues to lead the way with facultative surety and marine specialty lines having been major contributors to the strong growth performance this quarter. Robust new business activity across a wide range of lines drove growth in Great Britain and Western Europe which delivered double-digit growth as a whole and in a number of countries in the region with particular strength in Facultative, Construction, Natural Resources, Financial Solutions, FINEX, Marine and Aerospace. North America's growth was supported by strong client retention and new business growth. Our international region had strong organic growth across the board with notable double-digit increases in Latin America, Central Europe and Asia as well as many of our specialty lines. Moving to our Insurance Consulting and Technology business. Revenue was up 11% led by strong technology sales and modest growth in consulting services. As we discussed at Investor Day, our ongoing investment in technology is driving an intentional mix shift in ICT creating value for our clients by integrated technology and consulting solutions. Looking ahead, we continue to expect mid- to high single-digit growth from both CRB and ICT. R&B's operating margin was 33.5% for the quarter, a 60 basis point increase over the prior year fourth quarter, primarily due to operating leverage from our organic revenue growth as well as transformation things partially offset by headwinds from book of business activity and declining interest income. As we outlined in December, we continue to expect to deliver 100 basis points of average annual adjusted operating margin expansion in R&B over the next three years driven by operating leverage and additional efficiencies, including the deployment of our Global Broking platform and workflow optimization. Now let's turn to the enterprise level results. Adjusted operating margin for the fourth quarter was 36.1%, a 190 basis point increase over prior year, primarily driven by greater operating leverage and continued benefits from our now completed transformation program. We had $27 million of incremental annualized transformation savings, bringing the total to $473 million of cumulative savings since the program's inception. Foreign exchange was a headwind to adjusted EPS of $0.08 for the quarter. Based on our current outlook and at current spot rates, we expect foreign exchange to be a headwind of approximately $0.18 on adjusted EPS for 2025. Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 26% versus 15.7% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate in the quarter was 21.3% compared to 19.1% for the fourth quarter of 2023. Our full year adjusted tax rate was 21.5%. We expect our 2025 tax rate to be relatively consistent with that of 2024, though we do see some potential for a modestly more favorable rate. As Carl mentioned, WTW completed the sale of the TRANZACT business on December 31. We believe this sale will help us sharpen our strategic focus, simplify our portfolio and accelerate our progress towards our long-term free cash flow margin goals. The transaction resulted in a pretax loss and related impairment charges of over $1 billion each, which are reflected in the full year GAAP results. These are onetime noncash charges and are not included in adjusted diluted earnings per share. We generated free cash flow of $0.4 billion for the full year of 2024, an increase of $184 million from prior year, primarily driven by operating margin expansion partially offset by cash outflows related to transformation and discretionary compensation payments. Given the sale of TRANZACT, the wind down of our transformation-related cash spending and expected annual margin expansion, we expect to continue expanding our free cash flow margin in 2025 with partial offsets from residual cash transformation expenses, and cash taxes on the Willis Re earnout payment, which will be classified as cash flows from operating activities. During the quarter, we returned $484 million to our shareholders via share repurchases of $395 million and dividends of $89 million, bringing us to $1.26 billion in capital return to shareholders for the full year. Before wrapping up, I want to take a few minutes to provide some thoughts on 2025. First, we are making some changes to our non-GAAP metrics to better reflect how we view our core operating performance and to better align with industry reporting. Starting with Q1 2025, we will exclude pension income from adjusted EPS, adjusted EBITDA and the adjusted effective tax rate. Also, free cash flow and free cash flow margin will reflect cash outflows for capitalized software costs. Please refer to the appendix of our supplemental slides for detailed information on these upcoming changes and the recast of our historical non-GAAP measures. Second, as we discussed at Investor Day in December, we are now in a position to rebalance our capital allocation approach, thanks to the success of our Growth, Simplify and Transform priorities. We intend to maintain share repurchases as the primary form of capital return and a central component of our capital allocation strategy. We expect to allocate approximately $1.5 billion of share repurchases in 2025, subject to market conditions and potential capital allocation to organic and inorganic investment opportunities. We plan to continue to invest in talent and our platform to drive sustainable growth and expand margins. We will also increasingly emphasize M&A aligned with our strategic priorities of improving our business mix expanding our reach across the insurance value chain and enhancing our margins and free cash flow. As part of our investment program, we will be making initial investments in our reinsurance joint venture to support its development as a start-up venture which we expect to be a $0.25 to $0.35 headwind to adjusted EPS this year. Finally, we introduced our financial framework at Investor Day in December and have provided some financial considerations for 2025 in our release and slides, most of which I've discussed in these comments as well. In closing, we are very pleased with our strong business performance in 2024 and expect this momentum to continue in 2025. With that, let's open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. My first question is just on - just kind of thoughts on overall margin improvement. I know you said 100 basis points in R&B. There was no guide other than improving within HWC, and obviously, unallocated costs can fluctuate. So can you just kind of go through the headwinds and tailwinds to margin improvement? And how you think about overall margin improvement in '25?
Carl Hess: Sure, Elyse. Thank you, and good morning. We expect to expand our margins for '25. We're going to do this in a few ways, right? We're going to focus on capturing the benefits from our Transformation program. We're going to leverage our WE DO organizations know how to continue, to enhance efficiency through our right work, right place, right technology and right real estate strategy. Secondly, we see additional opportunities to invest in process optimization, and enhance our work and be more consistent in our client service delivery. And then lastly, we're focused on automation to support productivity gains. We see opportunities to leverage AI responsibly, to intelligently enhance our work and further streamline processes.
Andrew Krasner: And Elyse, I can walk you through some of the puts and takes as we think about the '25 margin expansion opportunity. So the sale of TRANZACT will be approximately a 50 basis point tailwind on enterprise margin. And for HWC, where we have a strong track record of delivering margin expansion, we expect to have incremental growth beyond the impact of the TRANZACT divestiture. Within R&B and as we discussed at Investor Day, we expect to deliver the roughly 100 basis points of margin expansion on average over the next three years. And we're confident in our ability to achieve this as our transformation program, has set us up to drive additional efficiencies in R&B. Our unallocated net was $310 million in 2024. We expect 2025 to be roughly in line with 2024. And we acknowledge there may be some modest pressure from declining interest rates, and that has been contemplated in what I just walked through.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then my follow-up is on capital management, right? I know you guys kind of were talking to this more balanced approach, right, stemming from Investor Day. I still would have thought the buyback might have been higher just given the TRANZACT proceeds, the Willis Re earnout is coming and you're still strong cash - current position and free cash flow generation. So can you just spend a little bit more time walking us through how you came up with $1.5 billion. And then in terms of deal activity, M&A right is now part of the equation. Is these smaller things? Just help us think through what transactions Willis might consider?
Carl Hess: Yes, sure, Elyse. I mean, just to be clear, right, shareholder returns may be a central component of our capital allocation strategy. You could expect us to remain aggressive and opportunistic, right, as we believe our stock remains undervalued in the marketplace. We are not just holding ourselves to a specific target for the next few years, as we do expect to deploy capital toward M&A and other organic opportunities.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. And for 2025, we're expecting share repurchases of approximately $1.5 billion, subject to market conditions and potential capital allocation, to organic and inorganic investment opportunities. As we think about the pacing of that, we continuously monitor our cash levels and marketing conditions, to take advantage of opportunities, to accelerate repurchases if the opportunity presents itself. And as we've talked about in the past, believe it's prudent to maintain an appropriate amount of financial flexibility, and I think that's what you're seeing there. And as we always have, we'll evaluate all of our options for capital allocation, which include share buybacks, internal investments and carefully considered strategic M&A to ensure that we're maximizing value creation for shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gregory Peters with Raymond James.
Gregory Peters: Good morning, everyone. For the first question, I'll focus on free cash flow. It seems like there's going to be some moving pieces in 2025. So maybe - you did reference some of them in your comments. Maybe we can go back and go into a little more detail, on what's going to happen. And then also related to that, you have this longer-term objective of 16%. Can you - on the conversion ratio, can you just update us on your perspective for that?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. Absolutely, Greg. So as we discussed at Investor Day, we are intensely focused on improving our free cash flow margin, by beginning to evolve our business mix, continuing to improve working capital management and also, of course, enhancing our operating margins. And we're very happy with the progress we've made enhancing our free cash flow profile during 2024. The free cash flow of $1.4 billion for the year, is an increase of $184 million from last year. That was primarily driven by operating margin expansion and partially offset, by cash outflows related to transformation and discretionary compensation payments, and all of that represented a free cash flow margin of 13.9%. In 2024, there was about 140 basis point headwind from TRANZACT. And approximately 320 basis point headwind from Transformation spending. So normalizing our 2024 free cash flow margin for those factors. We delivered a free cash flow margin of around 18.4%, and we expect to continue to improve upon this. As a reminder, starting in Q1, free cash flow and free cash flow margin, will reflect cash outflows for capitalized software costs. And we recasted all of the historical non-GAAP measures in the appendix of supplemental slides. And as we think about 2025, give a sale of TRANZACT, the wind down of the transformation-related cash spending, and expected annual operating margin expansion, we expect to continue expanding our free cash flow margin, on a reported and normalized basis. More specifically, we expect cash outflows of around $90 million in 2025, from the settlement of accrued costs related to the Transformation program, which concluded in 2024. And in terms of cash taxes related to the Willis Re earnout, we expect a headwind there, of up to around $90 million in 2025.
Gregory Peters: Thanks for the detail. I guess the other question I had, is sticking on the commentary you had. You mentioned in your prepared remarks foreign exchange headwinds. You also talked about the reinsurance joint venture. Could you provide us some perspective on the geography, of where these are going to show up inside your reported financials? I guess the foreign exchange is going to be evenly spread out between the two segments, but I'm curious how the reinsurance headwind is going to show up in your financials? And is there any seasonality issues that we should be considering, when we think about foreign exchange and reinsurance costs?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. So in terms of geography on the reinsurance side, that will be below the line side of operating margins. And as it relates to FX, our largest exposures are sterling, euro and Canadian dollar. In Q1, we expect an FX headwind of about $0.08 a share relative to the $0.18 for the full year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with TD Cowen.
Andrew Kligerman: Hi, good morning. So in your strategy, with the departure of Michael Chang recently and then some big, big hires to replace him, and I think you added some other people, as I've heard. And then on the call, I heard - and one of the kind of hallmarks while he was at WTW was to build out that specialization program. And Carl, I thought I heard you say that you want to expand specialization into new geographies. So just to confirm, it sounds like, specialization is still very prominent part of your plan? And could you elaborate on what you mean by new geographies, what areas that might be? And if that means that your net hiring will be pretty robust as a result?
Carl Hess: Sure. And good morning, Andrew. We are really pleased with the results we've been generating over the last few years from our Specialization strategy. It has been a key driver of growth for R&B. We continue to see strong growth in our Specialty businesses and that outpaces our overall CRB average growth rate. We think our strategy sets us apart from others in the industry and that our entire business, not just the parts that face the market is structured along industry verticals. And as part of this strategy, we have local specialties in each of our regions as their nuances, and different dynamics depending on geography, right? For example, we have industry verticals in real estate and hospitality leisure in North America, given large client base demand in that region. In Europe, where there's more of a demand for commercial auto, we have local specialty teams for that particular segment. So we basically are expanding the Specialty strategy, but customizing as we go for geographies. North America, which is our largest geography, with the natural place to start this. But building on our strong heritage in our global lines of business centers in the U.K. I mean, we're really pleased with the results we see from this, because it's been successful, because it works for clients, right? And in North America, right, where the work is done to focus on our Specialty strategy, and that's led to the continued growth in that region for the last years. We are very excited to welcome Pat Donnelly to WTW. That's what you were alluding to with your question. I mean, Pat is a highly respected and accomplished leader with a tremendous background, and his leadership will help us drive growth and accelerate our Specialty strategy in the region, and we're looking forward to welcoming in during the second quarter.
Andrew Kligerman: That's great. So that's exciting expansion. And then just thinking about what you've done in the last two, three years with hires, is there still a tailwind from that as those producers kind of mature into their new roles at WTW? Or has that generally kind of matured and your growth will be based on what you're doing now, and expanding into new geographies and the like?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. It's Andrew. We're very pleased with the growth rates we've had in Risk Broking, and CRB as well. And we do expect some continued productivity improvement from those cohorts of new hires over the last few years. And all of those new hires have contributed to the organic growth in the segment. However, our competitive growth rates are a function of the efforts of all of our colleagues and the specialty strategy that's driving that. And even without the contribution from the recent hires would have had competitive growth rates.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs.
Robert Cox: Hi thanks. I had a question on the reinsurance JV. Could you just talk about the dollar amount, cash outflows that you'd expect there annually? And sorry, if I missed this, but if you could just confirm that that would not impact the free cash flow?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, correct. That would be sitting outside of free cash flow, it would show up in the investing section of the statement of cash flows. And in terms of overall size, you can think of it as a bolt-on acquisition, over a several year period as we continue to fund the start-up.
Carl Hess: Yes. I mean the timing, right, this is essentially organic right. We don't expect to achieve steady state growth rates, and full margin potential for the next several years. And the amount of the investment will depend on the size of the opportunity, we see in front of us.
Robert Cox: Okay. Got it. That's helpful. And I just wanted to ask on health, excluding the book of business sales, it sounds like organic growth was still 15%, which is much stronger than peers. Just curious is driving that growth. And if any of the large new business wins that you had touched upon there, is kind of contributing to any of the forward growth?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. So you're right, excluding the book of business activity growth for the quarter was 16% within health. And that revenue growth was led by increased project and brokerage income in North America, as well as the continuous expansion of our global benefit management client portfolio, and our international in Europe geographies. And consistent with what we shared at Investor Day, continue to expect high single-digit growth for this business. The market demand overall remains strong given healthcare inflation and employment levels. And while we expect growth rates to be more balanced in 2025, the stronger comparable in the second and fourth quarter, could lead to some lumpiness on a quarter-by-quarter basis throughout 2025.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Scott with Barclays.
Alex Scott: Hi, good morning. First one I have for you is on just the M&A environment. It seems like maybe opportunities with larger companies that are maybe getting too large to stay in the private market, are accelerating and I'd just be interested in, if that's what you're seeing if you have interest in doing something larger. And just how to think about that in the context, of what I thought was a pretty sizable buyback actually?
Carl Hess: Yes. I won't comment on what other companies may think in terms of their strategy. So I'll probably focus a bit on how we're thinking about this. Look, over the last three years, we've solidified our infrastructure and strengthened the company. We have the right business focus and more efficient processes, and tools to integrate potential targets with WTW and deliver long-term value. We look at our strategy as one trying to achieve three key objectives, right? First, improve our business mix to enhance our Broking and Wealth presence. In key markets, while strengthening our offers - our efforts in high growth and high margin areas of our core business. Second, we want to expand our reach across the insurance value chain designed to further accelerate our growth and fill gaps, our capabilities and footprint. And third, target businesses that would help enhance our margins and free cash flow profile, right? I'm not going to comment on hypothetical target, but we're looking for firms that could be a good fit culturally with minimal business disruption and of course, satisfy the criteria I just laid out. So we're going to be thoughtful, and disciplined in our approach in that environment.
Alex Scott: Thanks. That's helpful. And maybe for the second one, just your thoughts on the pricing environment and how we should think about that headed into 2025, compared to 2024? And I know you guys have given high-level guidance that sort of includes all of that, but maybe just some extra texture around the pricing environment and how that's evolving?
Carl Hess: I assume you're referring to commercial risk when you're talking about the pricing environment.
Alex Scott: Yes, yes. Specifically Risk & Broking, yes, sorry.
Carl Hess: Okay, yes. I just wanted to be clear. I mean the market other stabilized in the fourth quarter. I mean most lines of insurance are sort of positive outcomes for our clients and insurers are continuing to look for growth, and that's leading to increased competition in the market. The market remains especially advantageous for well risk managed non-cat driven and loss-free clients. From a geographic point of view, Asia Pacific and Latin America are leading the market shift towards softening, where local market supply and the international insurers or markets compete and that lead better results for our clients. Most property lines continue to be stable to improving for our clients with some rate reductions available depending on the risk profile. Rate reductions are still available, but decelerating in cyber and kind of showing professional lines. And the Global Casualty Market in contrast remains rather firm with the North American market, maybe except for workers' comp still challenging. Overall, we don't view rate as a significant headwind, or tailwind across our R&B portfolio in terms of how it impacts us this past quarter, or during the year. Our growth was driven primarily by high retention, rates and new business as well as the investments we talked about earlier, we've made over the last few years, and the reorientation of the R&B business towards specialization, we think that's really made a difference for us and will continue to differentiate us.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Michael Zaremski with BMO.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. This is Charlie on for Mike. Just going back to the reinsurance joint venture, Carl mentioned the focused approach. Can you add some color on what areas you see the opportunity? And is there anything more you can share about the terms whether - in terms of financial commitments, or a buyout option or anything else we should be thinking about?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We're not going to get into the specific terms of the JV agreement in terms of timing and things of that nature. I think as we alluded to, the structure provides us with flexibility to deploy capital, if and when it makes sense to continue to expand that just based on the size of the opportunity that we see, will take some time for us to reach critical mass and have an impact there. Whether is the opportunity and potential for WTW, to wholly owned asset at some point in the future, if that's what makes sense. And so, we're really excited about the business opportunity there. I think it will contribute a lot to the platform and looking forward to talking more about it as it evolves.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks. And Andrew, you mentioned an opportunity with taxes to maybe get a more favorable rate. Can you add some color around that as well?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. We're always looking for opportunities to be efficient from a tax perspective. Pillar 2 is still being implemented globally, and there are still some moving pieces there. So I think there could be some slight upside, to the guide that we gave.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Jon Newsome with Piper Sandler.
Paul Newsome: Hi, good morning. It's actually Paul Newsome. But I was picking my first thing first. I was hoping you could add, similar to what you talked about with the Risk & Broking comment about the sort of environmental environment for pricing and competition. We hear a lot about health insurance inflation, but it's kind of tough to translate that back to your Health and Wealth and Career business as well. But maybe if you could kind of expand upon that in a still a way that you did with the Risk & Broking business?
Andrew Krasner: Sure. Obviously, there, we have a pretty good span of businesses in HWC. Let me start with health. Healthcare inflation has a direct impact on premiums paid for fully insured plans, those are prevalent outside North America and in the small/middle markets in North America. Health and care inflation has an indirect impact on self-insured plans, which are nearly universal among large markets in North America. During periods of high healthcare inflation, the sponsors of self-insured plans often engage in new ways to keep cost in check, which can generate opportunities for us. We have a relatively smaller portion of our health business outside North America and in North America, middle market compared to others. That being said, we are very pleased with health's organic revenue growth for '24. And healthcare inflation was one, but only one of the factors that helped deliver that result, and we expect that trend to continue, which leads to our outlook for high single-digit growth prospects for that business for '25, based on our expected pipeline and commission streams. Moving over to wealth, right? The wealth business is got several components. Our pension consulting business is largely annuity-based with very long-term relationships that can stretch multiple decades. The drivers there for growth are often regulatory activity, which to drive demand and then derisking of pension plans, or what you would call pension risk transfer. On the PRT side, we continue to see strong demand for consulting. The interest rate environment that drives demand for pension derisking strategies, but there are also strategies that drive - sorry, factors that drive activity, such as the level of surplus assets in the system, we think that the overall volume of annuity buy-ins and buyouts in the U.S., is expected to be similar compared to prior years. On the career side, this is probably the most economically sensitive of our businesses. But one we have taken substantial activity over the past years to derisk a bit, with respect to activity. A couple of things to think about. One is we've been focused on rebalancing our portfolio, we still have meaningful project work, but we now have a greater balance of product, software and annuity type relationships, those who intend to be recurring, and multiyear. That includes things like compensation benchmarking compensation committee appointments and our digital solutions like Embark and Engage. Second is our disciplined focus. If we were simply responding to RFPs, we wouldn't be seeing the growth we are. We're out there in the marketplace and generating activity. Like the wealth business, regulatory change and what this can provoke for companies rethinking their talent strategy drives demand for our business here. And then lastly, Benefits, Delivery and Outsourcing. These are typically multiyear contracts with a very, very high renewal rate. We do manage this business not just for growth, but for profitable growth. So if we see competitive activity driving down price beyond the point where we think we can achieve a good return on a contract, I mean we'll pass on the opportunity. So our growth there, we like to think of it is measured by the opportunity out there. That's a quick survey of HWC.
Paul Newsome: That's great. Maybe for a second question, we could switch to your middle-market Property & Casualty business, you've long had a middle market platform. I'm just curious, at this point, are there geographies within that middle market platform that are particularly strong, or particularly lacking in general as you look towards trying to expand that in the market platform?
Carl Hess: On the first off, from a performance perspective, we've seen good growth across the portfolio. We have a business that includes lots of in-market companies across the world. And we've been growing all geographies over the past several years. So we're quite happy with that strategy. Now in terms of the opportunity, there are geographies we see where we are relatively underweight. We highlighted the U.S., which is the world's largest insurance market, as a place where we see significant opportunity. And we will be addressing that both organically as we have been for the past several years, as well as looking at the inorganic potential there as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you. Good morning. Andrew the 18.4% normalized free cash, is that recast for the capitalized software cost. It looks like it's about 110 bps. Is that already include that headwind?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. No. So the 18.4% that I referenced is on a current calculation basis, it's not the new go forward, which will start in 2025 with Q1.
Mark Hughes: So as a baseline, we might take that 110 bps out, call it, 17.3%. Is that fair?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. That's fair on a normalized basis, correct.
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then Carl, you mentioned how political regulatory activity may be helpful for your business. Could you expand on that a little bit?
Carl Hess: Yes. I mean when the regulatory environments change, clients are faced with potential change to their business, and they turn to us for evaluation of their options, understanding of what others can do and implementation of the change. That's a formula that's worked very well for us for a very long time, and we expect that to continue in the future.
Mark Hughes: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Joshua Shanker: Thank you very much. Carl, I really appreciate your around the world visit with Paul. I want to talk about that a little bit. In terms of the economic sensitivity of the business, is it more revenue sensitivity? Or is it margin sensitivity? You have a business with a lot of very talented people who in hard just can't produce as much, but you want to keep them for the recovery. How should we see recessionary impact on revenues versus recessionary impact on margins?
Carl Hess: Yes. Really good question. First of all, I guess I'd point out, this is a business that if you look at our history, we've been able to produce revenue growth in all sorts of different economic conditions. But yes, there is economic sensitivity to the overall revenue in the firm, and you can look to sort of prior price environment and see we've produced growth, but it's been more muted. However, in terms of looking at our bottom line, a substantial chunk of our compensation is variable compensation. And just as our employee, our colleagues share in the upside, they help us manage through the downside as well. And so, we've been able to deliver stable, or more stable operating income results through thick and fan as a result.
Joshua Shanker: Great. And in terms of two things that were sort of worry about, there's some concern about the potential for recession. There's also maybe more at the forefront, it concerns about inflation confronted with both recession and inflation simultaneously, did the two net each other out in the way that your revenues are generated? Or is one a bigger impact on your faith than the other?
Carl Hess: Yes. Remember those fabulous 70s, I guess, is what you're saying, thinking about climates like that. I think that there is a different - some of the parts that are across the business can work in very different ways. I mean, inflation will affect the price of insurance as well as asset values that will help us in terms of our commission-based income in both segments, as well as the asset-based fees we may be getting in with the wealth business. It does affect, of course, our compensation costs. But as I just alluded to, we've got some control over that. And we've also been able to manage for the past couple of decades through efforts like our right real estate right workforce location programs, to be able to help manage our biggest chunk of costs across the organization, which is comp [ph]. So we think that, because of flexibility we've engendered in this organization, increasingly so over the last three years, we're pretty well positioned to weather all sorts of economic and climates, including stagflation.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden: Hi good morning. I had a bigger picture margin question just around the natural operating leverage for the enterprise, just sort of growing revenues faster than expenses. I believe in 2021, and I know I'm going back, but back then, you guys had called out around 70 basis points a year of natural operating leverage, but the mix has changed a bit since then. So I'm wondering if that still stands as a good baseline to consider before thinking about some of the other moving pieces here in 2025?
Andrew Krasner: I think that may have been relevant at that time with that business mix as you suggested. I think there were obviously several components that are no longer part of the business portfolio. So I think - I do think the best way to think about it now is what I was alluding to earlier, which is the 100 basis points on average over the next three years in R&B, continued incremental margin improvement in HWC. Which already has very high margins, and then factoring in the tailwind at the enterprise level for divestiture of TRANZACT. So I think if you think about that, weight the portfolio, that's probably the best way to think about sort of the margin expansion opportunity going forward.
David Motemaden: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then just wanted to follow-up on what sort of hiring, and what sort of employment growth within the Willis employee base you guys saw in 2024. I think it was like 2% to 3% in 2023, if I look at just headcount growth. How was that in 2024? And is that sort of like a good run rate to think about, how you guys are expecting to grow headcount, and maybe more specifically, producers into 2025?
Carl Hess: Yes. It's got a bad way to think about it. I mean, philosophically, we look at it this way. We had a focused effort several years ago to replenish our talent base, and we talk a little bit about the effect that's had on our revenue trajectory. But these days, our current hiring efforts are more opportunistic than were strategic, with the goal of enhancing our ability to achieve sustainable, profitable growth and create value. And so, with respect to our hiring and overall expense base, there are any incremental investments, whether they're in talent or they're in technology aren't going to prevent us from hitting our margin targets. We expect to get to those with the hiring we contemplate.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW.
Meyer Shields: Great, thanks. Two small modeling questions. First, I'm a little unclear. When you talk about the $1.5 billion of share repurchases, is that the baseline assuming no inorganic activity, but if there is any substance that goes down, or does that $1.5 billion take some into account?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. The $1.5 billion is the baseline and depending on the size of any inorganic opportunities that could come down we find an attractive return opportunity, to invest that - those funds in aside from share repurchases.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Thanks for the clarification. And then I think, Carl, you mentioned some timing issues in career. Is there any way of ball-parking the impact on either revenues or margins?
Carl Hess: Well, I mean - the - we talked in the prepared remarks, right? The projects that were delayed from Q4 to Q1, they're sold, right? We fully expect those to start this quarter. More broadly, our pipeline remains robust, our proactive discussions with clients, and prospects continue to turn up many needs that our clients want to help to address. And I talked a little bit about the balance we have between products and software, and consulting that's designed to be - deliver us a more level pattern of growth.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back to Carl Hess for closing remarks.
Carl Hess: Thank you, again, all of you for joining us. I once again want to extend my thanks and appreciation to all our WTW colleagues globally. Their dedication and commitment has made 2024 such a success. I look forward to maintaining our momentum in 2025, as we continue to implement our updated strategy, and deliver for our clients. Thank you, have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the WTW Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to wtwco.com for the press release and supplemental information that were issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next three months on WTW's website. Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in the company's most recent Form 10-K and other filings the company has made with the SEC. During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed. For reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings press release issued this morning and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. I'll now turn the call over to Carl Hess, WTW's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Carl Hess: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for WTW's third quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me today is Andrew Krasner, our Chief Financial Officer. We had another strong quarter, delivering 6% organic revenue growth, driven by 10% organic growth in Risk & Broking and 4% in HWC. Adjusted operating margin expanded 190 basis points year-over-year to 18.1%, driven by operating leverage, continued cost discipline and the success of our Transformation program. Taken together, this resulted in adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.93, a 31% increase versus the third quarter of 2023. We also generated free cash flow of $807 million for the nine months ended September 30th, up 14% year-over-year. While our GAAP results reflect the loss due to the accounting treatment of the pending sale of our TRANZACT business, which Andrew will discuss in more detail, our strong third quarter operating performance gave us momentum as we entered the fourth quarter. Our value proposition and powerful solutions continue to resonate in the marketplace, and our investments in talent and technology are helping fuel our continued strong performance at attractive returns. Alongside the supportive demand environment we're experiencing, these factors make us confident we will deliver on our 2024 targets. And more specifically within those targets, as we mentioned last quarter, we do see some opportunities for stronger performance relative to our margin goals. Potential upside could come from better-than-expected productivity from our investment in talent, the timing of Transformation savings, continued expense management and the possibility of rebounding global M&A activity. Now let me share some details on our performance and developments this quarter that highlight our strategic progress. In HWC, we achieved organic growth of 4% in the quarter, even as we continue to intentionally moderate growth in our TRANZACT business. While employment and wage growth slowed somewhat in various parts of the world, demand remains strong. Our HWC capitalized on this and grew 6% in Health, 3% in Wealth and 7% in Career. Core growth and smart connections remained our focus, resulting in continued growth in global benefits management, compensation benchmarking surveys, de-risking activity, and total rewards assignments. We've also gained notable new appointments for benefits outsourcing, remuneration committee advisory services, our retiree healthcare exchange and core actuarial services. These wins will add more than 50,000 new customers to our individual healthcare exchange in the State of Maryland. And they include us being named actuary to a major US utility through a competitive bidding process where we unseated the 30-year incumbent. Continuing our track record of introducing breakthrough solutions that lead the market, we introduced several new solutions again this quarter. We designed a virtual captive to affect cost and risk mitigation strategies for employee benefits in more than 80 countries that can't be covered in a traditional captive insurance company. Our approach incorporates data aggregation and predictive analytics. We also developed a new workforce management proposition, an end-to-end solution to help organizations manage reductions in force. The proposition includes predictive modeling capabilities to achieve cost reduction targets while minimizing cash flow impacts and limiting the risk of unwanted turnover. It also includes effective change in communication management to support the organization's culture and sustain employee engagement. Our focus on smart connections across HWC has also continued to pay dividends as it did when we provided cross-business services to a gas company that was concerned about cost savings. Colleagues across Work & Rewards, Retirement, BDA and Employee Experience engaged with the company's HR and finance teams to design and support a workforce separation program, move their retirees to our individual marketplace and transfer some of their retiring medical and life obligations to an insurance carrier. In another example, CRB recognized that a European technology client going through an acquisition needed help with corporate risk and employee benefits. And so they introduced HWC. Together, the WTW team supported due diligence, strategic planning and the integration of employee benefit and corporate brokerage services. Risk & Broking continued to grow at pace this quarter, delivering 10% organic growth on top of 10% growth in the prior year period. Our specialization strategy, investments in talented technology, strong client retention rates and substantial new business generation all contributed to this excellent performance. Our specialty businesses continued to generate the strongest growth in the segment. Our focus on specialization has enabled us to better address our clients complicated and ever-changing risk profiles and continues to be a primary driver of our strong organic growth. We also continue to make progress on our strategy to rapidly expand our MGA, MGU, Data & Analytics, Affinity, and Specialty Solutions by developing innovative products and services with strategic partners. Let me update you on the latest developments. First, Verita, our open-market MGU in North America has exceeded our growth expectations since its launch at the beginning of the year. To bolster our offering, Verita recently partnered with Canopius US Insurance to introduce a new option called the Client Edge Facility, which will efficiently deliver additional needed property insurance capacity for large and complex risks as well as middle market risks. This new venture reflects Verita's focus on bringing new innovative insurance solutions to clients, brokers and capacity partners. Second, we announced a partnership with Kayna, a top-tier insurance infrastructure platform. This collaboration will enable us to bring our data and analytics tools and insurance advisory and brokerage expertise to the fast-growing affinity insurance sector and meaningfully strengthen our presence there. Together with Kayna, we're offering administration for industry specialized platforms to distribute tailored property, general liability, workers' compensation, commercial auto, and umbrella liability insurance solutions to a variety of sectors. Our specialist teams will lead the product development and broker all insurance offerings. The third strategic partnership in our R&B segment announced this quarter was our co-brokerage agreement with The J. Morey Company, which will focus on North American exposures of companies headquartered in Japan. Asian companies with unique risk management needs will now have access to WTW's vast carrier relationships and our specialty insurance skill set, which will help them tailor solutions to address industry and geography specific risks. These strategic partnerships complement and strengthen our focus on specialization and expansion to high-margin parts of the insurance value chain, which have been driving and will continue to drive margin accretive organic growth in R&B. Moving from growth to margins, both operating leverage and our transformation efforts were key contributors to margin expansion during the quarter. The Transformation program realized $52 million of incremental annualized savings this quarter, bringing the total to $446 million in cumulative annualized savings since the program's inception. In addition to the direct margin impact Transformation has made, the investments we've made in technology, processes and infrastructure across the life of the program have better positioned us to drive further efficiencies and continued operating leverage well into the future. Finally, I want to update you on our portfolio management activities. Portfolio management has been a part of our strategy over the last three years as we work to simplify our organization and focus on businesses with significant growth opportunities and strong margin and cash flow profiles that also align to our core capabilities. As announced earlier this month, we entered into a definitive agreement to sell TRANZACT. TRANZACT was WTW's only direct-to-consumer business, and this sale significantly simplifies our portfolio and our strategy by enabling us to focus on our core B2B and B2B2C activities. Notably, divesting TRANZACT also accelerates our progress toward our long-term free cash flow margin expansion goals. Andrew is going to walk-through the financial and accounting details of the sale later. Elsewhere in our portfolio, we acquired a minority interest stake in atomos, a UK-based wealth manager, which strengthens the existing strategic alliance between our wealth business and atomos. Atomos uses WTW's investment engine to provide its clients who are individual investors with a broad and diverse array of investment options that were previously only available to institutional investors. This expanded relationship with atomos will allow WTW to penetrate the large and growing UK wealth market, which has an estimated market value of GBP2.2 trillion. These strategic portfolio management actions along with the partnership announcements I mentioned earlier, reflect our continued focus on reviewing our portfolio to ensure our businesses are well-aligned and strongly positioned to drive profitable growth. This dovetails with our disciplined capital allocation process through which we consider all our options to maximize shareholder value-creation, including share repurchases, internal investments and carefully considered strategic M&A. In closing, we're pleased with our third quarter performance, which reflects our team's focus and hard work to meet our clients' needs with innovative ideas and efficiency. As we enter the fourth quarter, we're focused on executing on our strategic priorities. I'm encouraged and excited by the enthusiastic client response and the opportunities we see in the market. We have positive momentum and I'm confident we'll finish the year strong and achieve our objectives. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, Carl. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. In the third quarter, we delivered organic revenue growth of 6%. Adjusted operating margin expanded 190 basis points to 18.1% and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.93, an increase of 31% over the prior year. Our solid results continue to give us confidence in achieving our 2024 financial targets. Next, I'll spend some time reviewing our segment results. Note that to provide comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis unless specifically stated otherwise. Health, Wealth & Career revenue grew 4% compared to the third quarter of last year. Our Health business generated revenue growth of 6% for the quarter or 5% excluding book of business activity. Double-digit growth in international, along with strong growth in Europe was driven by solid client retention, new local appointments and the continued expansion of our global benefits management client portfolio. North America generated growth, a result of increased brokerage income. We continue to expect high single-digit growth for the business for the year based on our pipeline and our expected commission stream. Wealth revenue grew 3% in the third quarter, driven by strong growth in our retirement business, primarily due to valuation work in Europe. We also delivered solid growth in our investments business due to improvements in capital markets and growth from our LifeSight solution. Career delivered 7% growth for the quarter. Growth in compensation benchmarking participation helped deliver increased compensation survey sales and custom data analytics and Work & Rewards. In Employee Experience, we saw growth in our sales of our Embark portal. Benefits, Delivery & Outsourcing had a decline of 1% versus the third quarter of last year. As a reminder, BD&O faced a strong comparable this quarter due to the timing of project work and outsourcing during last year's third quarter as well as a headwind related to a previously mentioned client who insourced its health and other benefits administration. And as we discussed last quarter, we have been deliberately moderating growth in our Medicare-related businesses. As a result, for the year, we are expecting BD&O to have low single-digit growth with and without TRANZACT. HWC's operating margin was 24.7%, an increase of 90 basis points compared to the prior year third quarter, primarily driven by Transformation savings. Moving to Risk & Broking. Third quarter revenue was up 10% on an organic basis and operating margin expanded 240 basis points to 18.1%. This includes book of business activity of $4 million versus $1 million in the prior year. Interest income was up $4 million from the third quarter last year. Corporate Risk & Broking had a solid quarter, growing 10% with strong contributions across all geographies, including double-digit growth in Great Britain and our Western Europe and International regions. As Carl mentioned, our specialty lines continued to be major contributors to the strong growth performance, led globally by our facultative crisis management and financial solutions businesses. We also saw a very strong performance by two of our largest specialty businesses, FINEX and construction. Growth in CRB Great Britain was led by facultative, financial solutions, crisis management, FINEX, construction and aerospace. Across CRB Western Europe, we saw strong growth in our FINEX and natural resources businesses. Western Europe also had double-digit growth in a number of our countries in the region. North America CRB had solid growth supported by strong contributions from our construction, marine and natural resource businesses. Our international region had organic growth across all sub-regions, led by double-digit growth in Latin America and Asia and double-digit growth in almost all of our specialty businesses as well as P&C Retail and Affinity. We continue to see the stabilizing and softening of global rates from the slowdown in the US inflation. Property, financial lines and commercial rates are decreasing. Casualty remains stable, but market conditions are increasingly difficult for motor risks and North American exposures. Hurricane Milton did not seem to increase natural catastrophe rates, but its financial impact is still uncertain. Our specialty lines continue to stabilize, but with some increases in political risks and trade credit. Moving on to our insurance consulting and technology business. Revenue was up 7% with strong double-digit growth in our technology practice, partially offset by continued tempered demand in the consulting practices. R&B's operating margin was 18.1% for the quarter, a 240 basis point increase over the prior year third quarter, primarily due to operating leverage driven by organic revenue growth and disciplined expense management as well as Transformation savings. We continue to expect margin expansion for R&B for the full year, but as a reminder, in Q4, we will face headwinds from $14 million of book of business activity that occurred in Q4 of last year. Now let's turn to the enterprise level results. At the enterprise level, adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 18.1%, a 190-basis-point increase over prior year, primarily driven by operating leverage and the benefits of our Transformation program. We had $52 million of incremental annualized Transformation savings, bringing the total to $446 million of cumulative savings since the program's inception. Our unallocated net was negative $85 million for the third quarter. We continue to expect the full-year 2024 balance to be relatively consistent with 2023. Foreign exchange was a headwind to adjusted EPS of $0.02 for the quarter. At current spot rates, we expect foreign exchange to be a headwind of approximately $0.06 on adjusted EPS for the year. Our US GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 16.1% versus 15.5% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 19.7% compared to 24.3% for the third quarter of 2023. We previously mentioned that we anticipated our adjusted tax rate for the year to be similar to our 2023 rate, excluding last year's one-time tax items, which was 22.4%. Given our current position, we now expect our adjusted tax rate to be moderately more favorable. During the quarter, we returned $294 million to our shareholders via share repurchases of $205 million and dividends of $89 million. We continue to view share repurchases as an attractive use of capital to create long-term shareholder value and the central focus of our balanced approach to capital allocation. As we mentioned previously, we continuously monitor our cash levels and market conditions to take advantage of opportunities to accelerate repurchases if the opportunity presents itself. With that, based on current market conditions and other relevant factors, we now expect share repurchases for the year to be $900 million, up from our previous estimate of $750 million. As Carl mentioned, WTW has entered a definitive agreement to sell the TRANZACT business. We believe this sale will help us sharpen our strategic focus, simplify our portfolio and accelerate our progress towards our long-term free cash flow margin goals. In connection with the pending transaction, held-for-sale accounting treatment applies to TRANZACT assets and liabilities. The financial results of TRANZACT will continue to be reflected in our financial statements through the closing date of the transaction, which is expected to be later in Q4, subject to regulatory approvals and customary closing conditions. We do not expect the transaction to impact our financial targets for the year as we anticipate booking approximately a full-year of financial results for TRANZACT. The pending transaction resulted in pre-tax losses and related impairment charges of over $1 billion each, which are reflected in the GAAP results for Q3. These are one-time non-cash charges and are not included in adjusted diluted earnings per share. TRANZACT standalone historical financial results are included in the supplemental slides. While I won't review those in detail now, I do want to highlight that we expect the sale to be accretive to organic growth, adjusted operating margins and free cash flow margin. We generated free cash flow of $807 million for the nine months ended September 30th, an increase of $100 million from the prior year, primarily driven by operating margin expansion, partially offset by cash outflows related to Transformation and discretionary compensation payments. We continue to be confident in our expectations of year-over-year improvement in full year free cash flow margin. And given the sale of TRANZACT, we expect to accelerate our progress towards our long-term free cash flow margin goal. In closing, we are very pleased with our strong business performance and expect this momentum to enable us to achieve our 2024 targets. With that, let's open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Greg Peters of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Mitchell Rubin: Hey, this is Mitch Rubin on behalf of Greg Peters. Thanks for taking my question. Can you clarify the impact of the sale of TRANZACT on Q3 organic results and free cash flow?
Andrew Krasner: Good morning, Mitch. Thanks for your question. In Q3, TRANZACT was a 70 basis point headwind on organic growth at the HWC level and 50 basis points at the enterprise level. It's important to note that BD&O's results were un-evened in the second half of the prior year with 14% growth in Q3 and 3% growth in Q4. So the full year results will serve as whatever relevant comparison point for that specific business unit. For 2025, we anticipate that excluding TRANZACT from our results will have a positive impact on our organic growth, adjusted operating margin and the free cash flow margin profile.
Mitchell Rubin: Thank you. As a follow-up, can you provide some additional color on the impact of new hires and growth in exposure units on organic growth inside Risk & Broking? Thanks.
Carl Hess: Sure, Mitch. This is Carl. Let me give you some perspective there. When you look at the growth and we're really happy with the growth that we enjoyed at Risk & Broking for the quarter. The principal drivers to that were client retention and new business, right? And we didn't actually have much of an effect as in prior quarters from rate. And our new hires, we're really pleased with the progress they've made are part of that growth story, but they're only part, right? The majority of our growth is due to all our colleagues, including the new hires.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. So my first question, Carl, you started-off by saying you were positive there's a tailwind to this year's margin guide. And Andrew, you lowered the tax guidance and upped the buyback guidance. But you guys have not changed the EPS guidance for the year. Is there some sort of conservatism built-in? Do you expect to be at the high end of the range? How do we think about these positive updates relative to the lack of changing the overall 2024 EPS guide?
Carl Hess: So let me talk a little bit about margin guidance, Elyse, and then Andrew can follow-up on EPS. We had 190 basis points of margin expansion this quarter. That's 210 basis points of expansion year-to-date. We're really pleased with our execution. We remain optimistic with where we're tracking within the margin guidance range. But we do continue to see opportunities for stronger performance relative to that guidance, for example, better-than-expected productivity from our investment in talent in both segments, including with the R&B as I was just talking about with Mitch. The timing of Transformation savings, we're continuing to find opportunities to trim expenses without impacting growth and productivity. And there's the potential for rebounding global M&A activity that creates opportunities within both segments.
Andrew Krasner: And all of those factors, Carl, could lead to outperformance on the margins side. It's also important to keep in mind that there was a $14 million book of business sale that happened in Q4 of last year. So that would be a headwind as well as the pacing and -- of Transformation savings that really came through in the fourth quarter last year that also produced a bit of a tougher comparable. In terms of EPS, Elyse, we're pleased with our execution. Year-to-date, in the last quarter we raised the low-end of our EPS target range. And given the momentum we see in the business and our ability to execute, we're confident that we'll deliver EPS within that range. In terms of any opportunity to outperform there, that's really going to start with the outperformance on the adjusted operating margin that Carl just alluded to couple with greater top-line growth.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. And then my follow-up on was on repurchase. I appreciate, right, that you guys did up this year's guidance by $150 million, but you guys are coming into a good amount of cash next year. We have the earn-out from Gallagher Re $750 million, right, something in the range of $600 million from the TRANZACT divestiture. So when you think about all this cash coming in store, Carl, I think you said balanced approach to M&A. So I'm just trying to think about how you're going to balance like incremental repurchase and my assumption is if M&A is considered, it will probably be more bolt-on things.
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. So, Elyse, as we continuously evaluate our capital structure to ensure it's appropriate to take advantage of opportunities to deploy capital across share repurchases and organic and inorganic investment opportunities. So maintaining that flexibility is really important to us and given where we were in the year and our cash position and the progress on the free cash flow, wanted to take advantage of upping the repurchase target for the year. And maybe, Carl, you want to talk a little bit about allocation?
Carl Hess: Yeah, I mean, thinking about this on a go-forward basis, Elyse, I guess, we've come a long way over the last three years, right, since that beginning of that period, we've stabilized the business, we rebuilt our talent base, we've restored our client base and that's brought revenue growth to competitive levels. And at the same time, we've been able to return significant capital to shareholders while transforming and simplifying this company. And our allocation to capital allocation is also evolving, right. We're in a far better place than where we started and through those efforts we're now in place to be able to execute and integrate organic opportunities. Across our industry, our peers have created value through M&A, and we believe M&A is a healthy component to a balanced approach to growth.
Andrew Krasner: And we will continue to take a balanced approach to capital allocation and evaluate all of those options, which do of course include the share buybacks as a central component of that strategy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Cox of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Robert Cox: Hey, thanks. Just following-up on the organic growth question. I mean, it appears that Risk & Broking organic excluding investment income and book settlements might have accelerated in the quarter. Can you talk about what continues to drive the strong performance there and if you see anything that would lead you to believe growth would be materially different in the fourth quarter as you head into kind of your largest revenue quarter there?
Carl Hess: Yeah. I mean, we're really pleased with the 10% organic we did in R&B during the quarter, and recognized that was on top of a 10% comparable in the prior-period last year and neither book of business or interest income meaningfully impacted that organic growth rate. We continue to expect meaningful contributions from our strategic investments in talent, we mentioned earlier, and platforms and as we continue to pursue opportunities in-line with our specialization strategy.
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. And within CRB, the 10% growth rate, as Carl alluded to earlier, really driven by new business, both from the investments in talents that we've made in our existing talent base. Retention was obviously a big component there as well, but really want to stress the importance of the new business that we've had the last quarter. Rate did not have a meaningful impact. Investment income did not have a meaningful impact and the book of business activity did not have a meaningful impact. So really strong growth profile within CRB. Within ICT, I believe, it was 7% for the quarter. That was really driven by the technology business, which had double-digit growth. And as we mentioned, it was partially offset by tempered demand in the consulting business.
Robert Cox: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate that color. And then as my follow-up, I was hoping you guys could comment on what type of magnitude of the tax shields you might be expecting from the sale of the TRANZACT business? And kind of secondly, it sounds like the tax rate is actually getting better this year, but could you comment on if you're seeing any potential pressure into 2025 given some of the global regulatory changes on taxes?
Andrew Krasner: Yeah, sure. So as it relates to TRANZACT, you will have noted that we disclosed that there would be some impairment and other losses associated with that. For the most part, those are going to be capital losses, so they can only be applied to the extent that there are capital gains and that is US specific. So we would have to have US specific capital gains to offset those. And in terms of tax rate going forward, not going to get into guidance at this point. We'll cover that on our full year call early next year. But we do seek to make sure that we've got appropriate structures in place to manage risks around increasing tax rates.
Operator: Thank you. Our next call is from Mark Hughes of Truist Securities. Your line is now open.
Mark Hughes: Yeah, thank you. Carl, you talked about seeing better productivity from your new talent and you've got a lot of capital that's available. Are you kind of redoing this acceleration in hiring that you did a couple of years ago post the transaction? I mean is that something that you're pursuing or could you give us some sense of how that hiring pace has continued the last six, 12 months?
Carl Hess: Yeah, so we're continuing to hire talent, Mark, but it's more opportunistically as we find people who are well-aligned with what we're trying to pursue across our segments in terms of our business strategy. And I contrast that to a few years ago where we were really in rebuilding mode. And I think pretty much everyone on this call is still aware, right? We are rebuilt. That is great news and it's showing up in the numbers, right, where we're posting highly competitive growth rates. But there is talent out there that I think we can be an excellent partner to and we'll continue to seek out those individuals and bring them on and continue to grow this organization organically.
Mark Hughes: And then, Andrew, the Transformation program, you've got some disclosures in the presentation, but the cash impact, the cash headwinds from that Transformation program for full year 2024, can you give us a sense of what that number is? And then how much of that cash impact extends over into early 2025?
Andrew Krasner: Yeah, sure. We expect the cash to be relatively consistent with the prior years, but at the same time, we'll have some cash outflows that bleed over into next years. From a timing perspective that will impact free cash flow and free cash flow margin as that plays out.
Carl Hess: So that will sort of wind its way out by end of Q1 and H1.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski of BMO. Your line is now open.
Charles Sebaski: Hey, thanks. This is Charlie on for Mike. I guess this quarter we've heard from some carriers talking about increased competitiveness in the London market. Can you talk about what you're seeing there and how you see it or whether you see it impacting CRB in the Global Lines businesses?
Carl Hess: Yeah. So it's a, I guess, globally, I'd say we're seeing a stabilizing to softening market. And in the US and obviously, the London markets through E&S are part of that. We're seeing the impacts of a slowdown in inflation. Our commercial rates are starting to decrease mostly in international countries and to a lesser extent in Europe and North America. Property rates certainly are decreasing, financial lines are decreasing. Cyber had a short-term stabilizing impact from the CrowdStrike event, but quickly returned to decreasing rates. Casualty lines are stabilizing globally except for North America and then I think we're still working our way through the effect of Hurricane Milton and other Nat Cat. The results across our various global lines do vary. I mean, construction is stabilizing unless there are specific issues concerned with a particular project. Marine is stabilizing, but marine liability is seeing sort of high single-digit increases. But in general, our specialty lines have been stable, which with a few exceptions like political risks and trade credit, which are reflecting the unsettled geopolitical environment. We just don't view rate as a significant headwind or tailwind across the portfolio in terms of been impacting us in the last several quarters. As we've said, our growth has been primarily driven by high retention rates and strong new business. And I think reflect the success of our specialization strategy that's going to really continue to differentiate us and help us make difference.
Charles Sebaski: Thanks. That's helpful. And I guess it sounds like you're going to keep including TRANZACT in results until the sale closes. Is that the right way to think about it? And so should we expect to see it in your 4Q number? And how should we think about, I guess, 4Q margins looking depending on, I guess, does it depend on when the deal closes?
Andrew Krasner: Yeah, in terms of closing, we expect it to occur close enough to the end of the year that we would have essentially a full year of results within our numbers. So don't expect it to have an impact on the full year in terms of the guidance and range where we expect to land for the full year. And as we mentioned going forward, there will be the elimination of a headwind on organic growth, margin and free cash flow margin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Newton of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Peter Newton: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. Carl, you mentioned some optimism coming from a rebound in global M&A activity. I'm just wondering, could you give us some more color on what your team is seeing today that's causing that optimism? Thanks.
Carl Hess: Yeah, I did use the word potential, right? So I'm not sure I phrased that as optimism, I just phrased it as openness too. We have seen an uptick in result in M&A activity in Europe to a lesser extent in international. We've not seen that in North America.
Peter Newton: Okay. Got it. Yeah. Thank you. That's helpful. And then for my second question on the continued tempered demand in consulting services. I'm just curious what the conversations with clients are like? Similarly, are you seeing any green shoots of this returning as well? And just any commentary on when you might expect this headwind to go away, would be great. Thank you.
Carl Hess: Okay. I think that comment you're referring to probably was regarding ICT over in the Risk & Broking. Do you want me to talk about HWC? I wasn't quite clear by the way you phrased it.
Peter Newton: No, that was for ICT. Yeah, thank you.
Carl Hess: Okay. Yeah, I mean, we're continuing to see strong demand for our technology solutions. And the way we've built ICT over the years is that a lot of the consulting works its way around the technology. So it's helping clients maximize the value they get from that technology. So when technology leads, consulting will often follow. But there are some areas within ICT that can be sort of very cyclical and dependent on sort of various activity, including M&A and securities issuance in conjunction with M&A by insurance companies. So we've been through these cycles before and we adjust to them and make sure that we can kind of keep the business pointed in the right direction. One of the things we've very successfully done over the last 10 or so years is actually changed the mix between consulting and technology to be far more balanced than by 50-50, which lowers the cyclicality of the business and makes it just a bit more resilient. That being said, some of the technology sales are recorded at the time of the sale rather than spread over the life of the contract. So you get a little lumpiness in the results. That smooth its way out between quarters, but you might have some lumpiness within the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. It's Jane on for Meyer. Thank you for taking my question. My first question is on TRANZACT. Just wondering how was the removal of TRANZACT highly seasonal earnings pattern effect on Willis quarterly earnings going forward?
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. So there's some information in the supplemental slides, which we provided regarding the seasonality, which will allow a perspective on how that will impact us on a quarterly basis throughout the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then my second question is on what elements of your specialization strategy do you see as most critical in maintaining the strong client retention rate in Risk & Broking?
Carl Hess: So I'd point out a few things, right? One is that your specialization is set aside from others that our entire business, not just the parts that face the market are structured along industry verticals. So these are businesses, not just practices that they have national or even global P&Ls with dedicated personnel directly responsible and accountable for that business. Every business operational financial decisions tied to that approach and that drives better outcomes for our clients because every person, every step in the process is focused on solving issues and providing products and services specific to that respective industry and geography. And as a result, we're able to tailor our solutions in a more focused manner and that delivers enhanced value through industry-leading analytics and client engagement techniques, it makes for a very attractive proposition for clients looking to manage their risks. And as part of that strategy, we have local specialties in each of our regions because there are different nuances and different dynamics that depend on geography. For example, we've got industry verticals in real estate and hospitality and leisure in North America, given large client base demand in that region. In Europe, where there's more of a demand for commercial auto insurance, we have local specialty teams for that particular segment. So it's all about the client and that works at each.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Scott of Barclays. Your line is now open.
Justin Moreno: Good morning, everyone. This is Justin on for Alex. First question was related to the Transformation program. It seems as though, you know, when we're looking at the savings, it's sort of coming like the savings are sort of coming to an end from a spending and a savings perspective. So just curious about your thoughts in terms of how we're thinking about or how we should think about margins heading into 2025 in terms of the pace of margin expansion as sort of the Transformation program sort of subsides over time?
Andrew Krasner: Yeah, we're not going to give any guidance on 2025 at this point. We'll talk about that early next year as we normally do. But we do expect some continued tailwinds from the Transformation program in terms of run-rate savings generated this year converting to in year savings go up through the early part of next year.
Carl Hess: I'd also add that we've been quite explicit that we sized the Transformation program and the associated savings by what we thought we could achieve during this three-year period, not the totals of margin improvement we thought we can get out of this organization. So we will be done trying to drive margin and free cash flow margin improvement in subsequent years. We'll just be doing it as DAU rather than through a Transformation program.
Justin Moreno: Got it. Thank you for the color there. And I guess I just had a quick follow-up question. Just on -- just high-level on capital allocation. I think there's comments earlier about sort of infusion of capital coming in through sort of the earn-outs on the Gallagher deal and sort of this transaction disposition, when we're sort of, and then sort of trying to triangulate that with sort of your comments around being more opportunistic on hiring, repurchases slightly being up. Like does that sort of leave some opportunities for inorganic growth, I'm just curious how you guys are thinking about on capital allocation heading into 2025?
Carl Hess: Yeah, I talked a little bit about our thinking on M&A as part of it. We've seen competitors create value through M&A and we think that opportunity is available to us as well now that we have gotten our house in simpler and better order through the Transformation program. So if we can find the strategic opportunity that fits within our portfolio and helps us expand our reach across the value chains in which we operate, we will be interested. We'll be looking for opportunities to improve our business mix to enhance operating and free cash flow margins. This is something I think we'll be talking about. I don't think, I know we'll be talking a bit more at Investor Day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Katie Sakys of Autonomous Research. Your line is now open.
Katie Sakys: Hi. Thank you. Good morning. I just wanted to ask about you guys' perspective on specifically middle markets. We've seen quite a bit of pickup in some big-name deal activity there and I'm curious what Willis' own strategy and approach towards the middle markets opportunity is as we think about the next year ahead.
Carl Hess: Well, I mean, we already operate in the middle market. So it's an area that we're familiar with. We see the attractive potential, a lot of job creation and business creation occurs in the middle market. And so not a new subject to us, I think is where I begin. Because a lot of economic creation occurs in the middle market, it's an attractive area to invest for growth. And we've been doing that organically as part of our strategy over the past several years. And we've watched, for instance, our HWC businesses begin to repackage some of the intellectual capital that they've recently offered to large employers to service the middle market. And I think going forward, we'll continue to survey our opportunities, including inorganic opportunities as well as I alluded to in some of the earlier questions.
Katie Sakys: Thanks for the color. And then really quickly on transaction, it looks like the impact from the business on the group or enterprise level of free cash flow margin is a little bit different from 2023 versus 2022. And thinking about the full year impact from this year, where would you guys say is the right place to contemplate that?
Andrew Krasner: So the headwind for 2024 should be less than it has been historically and that's largely driven by the intentional slowing of the growth there, which helps the free cash flow dynamic for that business. And then once it's no longer part of the business portfolio, next year we'll have a more meaningful impact in terms of accretion to the free cash flow margin.
Katie Sakys: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Marcon of Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open.
Mark Marcon: Hey, good morning. Nice results. Wondering if you can talk a little bit more about HWC in two respects. First of all, with regards to the Health side, you've obviously, Carl, you've been through multiple election cycles, how do you think the healthcare consulting portion of the business is going to be impacted by the changes that could potentially happen one way or the other on that part of the business?
Carl Hess: Yeah. So I mean, over this -- over a short-term period environment, Mark, you know, generally change or potential change is quite good for us on the consulting side, because the clients have to sort of work their way through what the potential effect of changes in regulation might mean to their operation of their benefits programs. So I think generally we see a beneficial effect from change. And that's not just across our Health business, that can apply across our pensions business in Wealth or our Career business, for instance, pay transparency. So I think we've over prior cycles like this generally change is our friend.
Mark Marcon: That's my suspicion. And then going on to the Wealth side and specifically with regards to pension, I'm sure you've seen all the news with regards to Boeing. And I'm just wondering to what extent that could end up spurring some actions on the pension side particularly with regards to derisking?
Carl Hess: So I mean starting with Boeing, I mean, there's no question that traditional pension plans have played an important role in the financial security of millions and millions of people around the world. And the great shift we've had to define contribution have left some unanswered questions that I think we're still seeing countries and employers trying to work their way through. And WTW is well-positioned to help employers sort of where -- to find out where they fit on that spectrum and to offer them the right solutions that are correct for their workforce. So I think we welcome the debate over what's the right pension plan for our workforce. We've been answering that question for plan sponsors for a long, long, long time. With respect to the PRT outlook, I guess I'd say a few things. First of all, the current interest rate environment has been driving demand for pension derisking strategies, where we assist our clients not just with the transaction, but also the evaluation and the analysis and the preparation that goes through it. This year, we have seen more clients in North America take advantage of the favorable interest-rate environment to initiate pension derisking through bulk lump sums and alternate derisking actions like annuity buyouts still remain attractive. We've been seeing these type of opportunities especially in Great Britain. In general, given on average well-funded nature of pension plans and the interest rate environment, we are seeing continued activity here and we expect as bulk lump-sum activity may fall-off that we'll see increases in other areas such as annuity purchase or retiree medical derisking activity. We'll probably talk a bit more about this at Investor Day.
Operator: Thank you. I am showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn it back to Carl for closing remarks.
Carl Hess: Thank you and thank you once again for joining us today. And I'd like to thank WTW's colleagues. Their dedication in supporting our clients has helped us to deliver another strong quarter and has us on-track to achieve our goals for 2024. I'd also like to thank our shareholders for their continued support. We look forward to connecting with you all at our Investor Day in December and Happy Halloween, everyone.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-07-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the WTW Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker's presentation, there will be a question and answer session. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. Please refer to the wtwco.com for the press release and supplemental information that were issued earlier today. Today's call will be available for the next three months on the WTW's website. Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statement section of the earnings press release issued this morning, as well as other disclosures in the company's most recent Form 10-K and in other filings the company has made with SEC. During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed. For reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings press release issued this morning and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. I will now turn the call over to Carl Hess, WTW's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Carl Hess: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for WTW's second quarter 2024 earnings call. Joining me today is Andrew Krasner, our Chief Financial Officer. We delivered a strong second quarter, headlined by 240 basis points of year-over-year adjusted operating margin expansion, adjusted diluting earnings per share of $2.55, a 24% increase over prior year, and $361 million of free cash flow. These healthy bottom-line results were the product of our continued robust organic growth, growing operating leverage across our businesses, and the ongoing success of our transformation program. We are very pleased with our sustained momentum from the success of our strategic initiatives, alongside continuing favorite bull market conditions. Our 6% organic revenue growth in the quarter represents the value proposition of our business, the impact of our investments in talent and technology, and the markets we have prioritized. Based on our strong first half performance and our continued confidence in our outlook and execution, we have raised the low end of our 2024 adjusted operating margin and adjusted EPS target ranges to 23.0% to 23.5%, and $16 to $17 of EPS, respectively. In addition, thanks to the success and momentum of our Transformation program, we've been able to identify additional savings and accordingly are raising our cumulative run rate transformation savings target from $425 million to $450 million by the end of 2024. We continue to expect mid-single-digit organic growth to achieve revenue of $9.9 billion plus. I'm pleased with our colleagues' focus and dedication in executing our strategic priorities. Our results and outlook reflect their hard work in delivering for our clients and driving improved productivity and efficiency. With that in mind, let me share some specifics on our recent progress and the opportunities ahead of us. As I mentioned, our rising productivity drove greater operating leverage this quarter, significantly bolstering our bottom-line performance. Our transformation effort also contributes substantially to margin expansion. We achieved $24 million of incremental annualized savings this quarter, bringing the total to $394 million in cumulative annualized savings since the program's inception. As we near the end of our three-year transformation program, we're confident that the program has positioned us for further margin expansion over the long term. We now have the organization, processes, and capabilities in place to further optimize our cost structure, increase operational effectiveness, and improve profitability on an ongoing basis. In HWC, we continue to harness the strength of our portfolio to drive growth. We captured demand and added new clients in each of our core businesses made many smart connections to better serve our clients' needs across different areas and introduced new breakthrough solutions. That combination enabled us to achieve 5% organic revenue growth in the quarter, delivering accelerated growth across the health, wealth, and career businesses as we consciously managed BD&O growth to optimize earnings and cash flow. Growth was led by our health business, which generated 9% organic growth. Across the segment, we continue to see good levels of demand driven by healthcare inflation, strong employment, elevated pension fund status, new legislative and regulatory requirements, and other complexities in the macro environment. Our deep expertise and rich experience combined with our data analytics and software solutions position us well to help clients navigate the dynamic environment, from managing total awards costs to de-risking pension plans. Our teams have successfully generated notable upticks in a number of areas. We've added several new global benefits management appointments with organizations that want to better manage costs and also improve their employees' experience. With a favorable interest rate environment, we've helped more clients initiate pension de-risking processes through bulk sums in the U.S. and new buy-ins and buy-outs in Great Britain. As we've helped guide clients on the implications of new pay transparency and equity requirements to the EU, more companies have engaged us for broad-based reward projects. In response to the strong employment market, we sold more compensation benchmarking surveys and more licenses for Embark, our employee experience portable. And our LifeSight Master Trust in Great Britain continues to grow, having just exceeded 20 billion sterling in assets under management. Our focus on smart connections across HWC has also continued to pay dividends. This past quarter, we worked with a large airline, which was already a global benefits management client of our health business. This client sponsored a large number of pension plans in multiple countries and needed help keeping these plans compliant, competitive, and well-run. Our GBM team introduced the client to our retirement team, which was able to provide a complete solution tailored to their retirement needs. Our strong existing relationship, together with our smart connections mindset, helped us win a multi-year contract and gave our client a more developed service proposition with flexible pricing options. Another example involves a large automotive retailer, where we secured a health and benefits consulting and brokerage relationship. To improve how their employees valued and utilized their benefits, we introduced our employee experience team, who presented a personalized digital approach to communication that helped the plan members break through the complexity of the healthcare environment. This generated an interest in learning how we could help them simplify the administration of their benefit plans. And after hearing how our teams could also collaborate to deliver insights to improve the plan's effectiveness and help them reduce overall healthcare costs, they appointed us as their benefits outsourcer. In a third example, our segments collaborated when a team in CRB reached out to our health and benefits and retirement experts. Our CRB team who'd been helping a client assess and manage integration risks in a newly acquired business recognized that the client's needs went beyond property casualty risks to also include people risks requiring employee benefits expertise across multiple countries. We secured this win by offering complete M&A guidance, including strategic planning and brokerage services covering both corporate risk and employee benefits. We've previously highlighted how HWC has developed breakthrough solutions that are leading the market and I'm delighted to share two more breakthroughs this quarter. First, knowing how highly employees value flexibility, members of our U.S. retirement team helped one of our clients find a way through complex regulations and potentially challenging administrative requirements to introduce a new pension plan feature to help employees better manage their financial situation. Also, our investments team launched our first ever dedicated private equity pool fund. The fund's innovative, coming liquid structure and nature will be open to wealth and defined contributions to clients. In risk and broking, our focus on specialization, investments in talent and technology, and top quality client service continues to sustain client retention rates in the mid-90s and generate substantial growth opportunities. This is evidenced by the segment's organic revenue growth of 10% for the quarter, fueled by our specialty businesses, which continue to outpace the growth of the rest of the segment. All of this is the product of our differentiated service offerings and ability to adapt to our client's changing and complex risks. Our R&D specialization strategy is about delivering tailored solutions that address industry-specific risks and optimizing our client outcome. One of our client wins this quarter included the insurance placement for an energy supplier who had a challenging loss record and complex risk profile and was under severe time constraints for securing an insurance solution. Thanks to our deep expertise in the natural resources sector across multiple geographies, we were able to provide the company with complete coverage in just one month. We continue to make good progress with Verita, our open market MGU in North America. Submission volume continues to increase each month as the brand is expanded across the U.S. with broad opportunities from different brokers. The team continues to evaluate and add new products to the platform to further accelerate revenue growth in the second half of the year and beyond. As we've mentioned, investments in our R&B talent base have also been a significant revenue growth driver for the segment. After a focused effort to replenish our talent base over the past few years, these new hires have become increasingly productive and are contributing to our strong organic growth in the segment. Our recent hiring efforts have been more opportunistic and strategic with the goal of enhancing our ability to achieve sustainable, profitable growth and create value. Lucy Clark, who's recently joined us, is one example of this type of strategic hire. Lucy's commitment to specialization, data and analytics, and exceptional client service makes her a perfect fit to lead risk and broking. We expect that our market presence, proven track record, and focus on talent will help further drive organic growth and margin expansion in the segment, building on the excellent work Adam Gerard has accomplished over the last five years. We are confident that our strategic investments in talent and technology, along with our specialization strategy, is leading to increased engagement with both new and existing clients. This heightened activity is crucial for driving our organic revenue growth and expanding margins for the rest of the year and beyond. In conclusion, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their unwavering commitment to WTW and to our clients, which helped us to achieve another solid quarter. We continue to effectively execute on our strategic priorities, setting us up to achieve our objectives for the year. I'm enthusiastic about our opportunities in the second half of the year and have confidence that we are on the right path to achieving our goals for 2024. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, Carl. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. In the second quarter, we delivered organic revenue growth of 6% and drove adjusted operating margin expansion of 240 basis points, resulting in adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.55, an increase of 24% over the prior year. As Carl mentioned, thanks to our solid results for the past two quarters and our confidence in what we expect to achieve in the second half of the year, we have raised the low end of our 2024 financial targets for adjusted operating margin and adjusted EPS, bringing the target ranges to 23% to 23.5% and $16 to $17, respectively. In addition, we have been able to identify additional transformation savings and are raising our cumulative run rate target from $425 million to $450 million by the end of 2024. The total cost to achieve these savings is now estimated at $1.175 billion. These additions to the transformation program will help us drive further efficiencies as we remain focused on a strong finish to the program. Next, I'll spend some time reviewing our segment results. Note that to provide comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis unless specifically stated otherwise. Health, wealth, and career generated revenue growth of 5% compared to the second quarter of last year, in line with our expectations of mid-single-digit organic revenue growth for the segment for 2024. We noted last quarter that we expected health revenue growth to accelerate, and indeed the business-generated revenue growth of 9% for the quarter in comparison to 3% growth in Q1. North America generated strong growth as a result of increased project work. In addition, international and Europe delivered double-digit growth driven by strong client retention, new local appointments, and the continued expansion of our global benefits management client portfolio. Wealth grew 5% in the second quarter, driven by strong growth in our retirement business due to new client acquisitions and increased project work, including pension de-risking work in North America and additional work required in a peak valuation year in Great Britain. We also delivered solid growth in our investments business due to improvements in capital markets and growth from our LifeSight solution. Career delivered 4% revenue growth in the quarter, primarily driven by broad-based compensation assignments in work and rewards in North America and Europe, as well as projects related to communication work and employee experience. We also saw growth in our product revenue with more sales of Embark, our employee experience portal. Our compensation benchmarking participation continues to be elevated over 2023, which should lead to accelerated growth in the second half of 2024. Benefits delivery and outsourcing was flat for the quarter. Solid growth and outsourcing from increased project work more than covered the revenue headwind related to the client we mentioned last quarter who insourced its health and other benefits administration. This growth was offset by a decrease in our Medicare-related business, where we deliberately moderated growth to reflect market developments, maximize profitability, and improve free cash flow outcomes. Said differently, we do not simply chase growth at any cost in this business. HWC's operating margin was 21.9%, an increase of 360 basis points compared to the prior year second quarter, primarily driven by operating leverage and transformation savings. Moving to risk and broking, revenue was up 10% on an organic basis for the second quarter, with no meaningful impact from book of business activity. Interest income was $29 million for the quarter, up $14 million from the second quarter last year. Corporate risk and broking had another exceptionally strong quarter with organic growth of 11%, primarily driven by higher levels of new business, strong client retention, and renewal increases across all geographies. Our specialty lines continue to be major contributors to the strong growth performance, led globally by our facultative, construction, crisis management, and financial solutions teams. Growth across CRB in Europe was led by financial solutions, Facultative, Fenix, and crisis management. North America CRB had solid growth, driven by new business and higher renewal business from crisis management, natural resources, construction, real estate, hospitality and leisure, as well as healthcare and life sciences. Our international region had double-digit organic growth across all sub-regions, led by countries in Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa, and Latin America. In terms of rates, we see a continued improving landscape with favorable outcomes for clients. We see a stabilizing and softening market in some of our largest lines of business, such as property, caused by the increasing supply of capacity from insurers. The market for financial lines continues to soften, albeit with slower rate reductions in the past quarter. An exception to that is cyber where the market is softening faster. Across those specialty lines, we see a mix, for example, in political risks and trade credit, the market is stable with some small premium rises. The same in casualty where the market remains challenged for primary risks, especially those with North America exposures. Insurance Consulting and Technology revenue was flat compared to prior year due to tempered demand mainly in the consulting business in North America and the UK. However, we have taken corresponding expense actions to protect our margins. We expect ICT to achieve mid-single-digit growth for the full year. RMB's operating margin was 20.6% for the quarter, a 450 basis point increase over the prior year second quarter primarily due to operating leverage driven by solid organic revenue growth in CRB, disciplined expense management, interest income and transformation savings. Now let's turn to the enterprise level results. At the enterprise level, adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 17%, a 240 basis point increase over the prior year, primarily driven by greater operating leverage and the benefits of our transformation program. We had $24 million of incremental annualized transformation savings, bringing the total to $394 million of cumulative savings since the program's inception. The program continues to better position us to drive operating leverage going forward. Our unallocated net was negative $106 million for the second quarter and reflects the inclusion of a $13 million provision for significant litigation. We continue to expect the full year 2024 balance to be relatively consistent with 2023. Foreign exchange was a headwind to adjusted EPS of $0.03 for the quarter. At current spot rates, we expect foreign exchange to be a headwind of approximately $0.10 on adjusted EPS for the year. Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 15.6% versus 19.8% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 22.6% compared to 23.7% for the second quarter of 2023. We continue to expect our adjusted tax rate for the year to be close to our 2023 rate, excluding the onetime items we mentioned at yearend. During the quarter, we returned $290 million to our shareholders via share repurchases of $200 million and dividends of $90 million. We continue to view share repurchases as an attractive use of capital to create long-term shareholder value and be the central focus of balanced capital allocation. We continue to expect share repurchases to total approximately $750 million in 2024, subject to market conditions and other relevant factors. We generated free cash flow of $361 million for the six months ended June 30, an increase of $11 million from prior year, primarily driven by operating margin expansion, partially offset by cash outflows related to transformation and discretionary compensation payments. The free cash flow results for the quarter are in line with our expectation as free cash flow margin was not intended to be linear for the year. We continue to be confident in our expectations of year-over-year improvement in our full year free cash flow margin. Our strong topline and bottom line performance this quarter reflects our ongoing momentum and the exemplary efforts of our colleagues to drive greater productivity and efficiency. We expect this to continue into the second half of the year and are confident in achieving our 2024 targets. With that, let's open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we will conduct the question-answer session [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. Good morning. My first question, just as we think about the updated '24 guidance, what do you guys think is the biggest swing factor on just being able to exceed the EPS guidance you've outlined for '24.
Carl Hess: Good morning, Elyse. I guess I'd look at it this way. We're really pleased with our execution in the first half of this year. And we remain optimistic on where we're tracking within the updated guidance. We do see some opportunities for stronger performance relative to our margin guidance. For example, a better than expected productivity from our investment in talent. The timing of transformation savings could have an effect. We are continuing to find opportunities to trim expenses without impacting growth and productivity. And then, I guess, fourth, maybe I'd identify the potential for rebounding global M&A activity. That creates opportunities for both of our segments. So all these are factors that could potentially lead to some outperformance.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks, and then my second question is on free cash flow. Carl, you mentioned consciously managing BDO growth, right, to optimize free cash flow. When I look at the cash flow for the quarter, and I kind of adjust for transformation spend, which should be winding down, the conversion was at 21% of revenue, a little bit lower for the first half of the year, given that cash usage are higher in Q1. But it seems like you guys are on your way to being above that 16% target. Am I correct in that assessment? And when we get through transformation spend, is kind of the free cash flow conversion is expected to perhaps be greater than what you've outlined to the Street?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Elyse, it's Andrew. The free cash flow margin target of 16% plus was a longer-term target, not something necessarily tied to 2024. We're really pleased with the progress that we continue to make there. And again, the levers there that will get us to that 16% plus over time are the expansion of the operating margin, I think, which we've demonstrated quite well this quarter, and we'll continue to do that, not just through transformation and operating leverage but also by developing businesses in more profitable markets. The second item is going to be the abatement of the transformation-related cash outlays, which you mentioned, which we would expect through the beginning of 2025. And then, of course, the improved cash conversion in our TRANZACT business, which we're managing the growth profile there to maximize profitability and cash conversion. So we think all of those things taken together put us on a really solid path to get into that 16% plus over time.
Elyse Greenspan: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregory Peters of Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Gregory Peters: Good morning, everyone. So for the first question, I'm going to focus on organic revenue growth. And in both your comments, you called out some, I'd call it, good guys that helped boost organic revenue growth in the second quarter, [indiscernible] project for capital markets, bulk lump sum. So I guess my question on organic is how much of the result from the second quarter and through the first half is sustainable versus onetime in nature? Or put it another way, just trying to figure out what type of recurring aspect of the organic results will continue through next year and beyond.
Carl Hess: Good morning, Greg, it's Carl. So let me start with HWC, right? As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we expect tailwinds that will help sustain us regarding helping clients navigate the current economic environment. That includes work surrounding pension derisking and managing total awards, as you cited. We see the increased compensation benchmarking participation that we're getting, and that continues to be elevated over the prior year. That creates a pipeline for accelerated growth in the latter half of this year. And our smart connection strategy continues to lead to increased cross-selling opportunities. I highlighted a few of those in the prepared remarks. Moving over to R&B, we're really pleased with the 10% organic growth we delivered in R&B for the quarter, and we continue to expect mid-single digit or better growth for that segment for the full year. We're seeing increased contributions from our strategic investments in talent and platforms, and as we continue to pursue opportunities in line with our specialty strategy. So we're confident we can achieve our 2024 revenue goals with the growing momentum we have with our clients as well as our expected pipeline for the rest of the year. Our client retention rates are strong our book gain activity has normalized down to very manageable levels. And so we're pleased with the organic growth results from this past quarter. They are directly in line with our expectations that we laid out at yearend, right, with mid-single-digit growth at the enterprise level and in HWC and mid-single digit and better growth in R&B. While some businesses are seeing lower growth, others are seeing higher than planned growth, and overall, we're comfortable regarding our revenue expectations. Look, we've had a lot of positive momentum in our business, largely due to the investments we've made in talent and technology as well as our growth initiatives focused on specialization and smart connections. The strategic investments we've made across the business position us, we think very well to pursue opportunities globally that offer the greatest potential for profitable growth and as these investments take shape, we expect greater topline contributions.
Gregory Peters: Great, okay. For the second question, I'm going to pivot to the slide on the transformation program savings. And I'm going to -- I'm citing the last bullet point where you said we're focusing on building an infrastructure from which to drive further efficiencies from. So I mean, we're getting to the point where the transformation program is going to sunset. You obviously look like you're in a position to do really well and get your objectives. But I want to look out beyond that in '25 and '26. And I'm curious what you meant by the statement drive further efficiencies because you put it in bold.
Carl Hess: Sure, Greg. I mean now that WTW is on more stable footing and some of the simpler parts of the program, like real estate rationalization are mostly behind us, the technology modernization and process optimization phases are our primary focus now. We expect these actions are going to yield efficiencies as we move forward. And we expect most of the transformation savings from this year will not have a meaningful impact until 2025. And to bring this a bit to life, right, some examples include cloud initiatives like migration from data centers and servers and more reliability on cloud-based operations, centralizing and right-shoring support to delivery centers, reducing our application portfolio, renegotiating contracts and reducing consultant spend. A lot of these types of undertakings have always been a part of the program, but we've been able to identify additional savings by applying these sort of plans to additional areas in our business. I mean, ultimately, these actions are about simplifying our environment, making it easier to manage. And that will enable us to take advantage of streamlining, automization and digitization that allows us to automate processes, to remove duplication and operate more efficiency, by reducing manual effort, creating faster turnaround times, and these updates will not only reduce costs, but affords us better leverage data, and that, in turn, provides more role in advice and work targeted strategy for our clients and that will drive revenue growth as well, right? So what we've been doing is laying a solid foundation going into the world, post the end of the 2024 transformation program. And we think that gives us momentum to continue to drive efficiencies in organization by taking advantage of what we've been able to construct during this period.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Rob Cox of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Rob Cox: Hey thanks. So yeah, I just wanted to ask about transformation cash spend. So it looks like with the updated guide, if I've got my numbers right, that there's a little more than $160 million in cash restructuring charges left under the program. Do you expect the majority of those cash payments to occur in the back half of 2024? And just given that there was over $250 million of cash spending in the back half of 2023, I just want to confirm that from this point forward, cash restructuring spend is likely to be a year-over-year tailwind to free cash flow?
Andrew Krasner: I think that's generally -- I would flip that the other way. And don't forget, we're going to have some of that bleed over into 2025 as well in terms of when the cash goes out the door versus when it's incurred from a transformation program perspective.
Rob Cox: Okay. Got it. And then just going back to the moderated growth in individual marketplace, and how it was intentional, can you just give us a little more color on why you did that in the quarter? Your updated expectations on growth in the back half for this business and the impact that, that could have on free cash flow?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. So as we said in our remarks, we deliberately moderated growth in our Medicare-related businesses to reflect market developments, maximize profitability and improve free cash flow outcomes. And we do remain focused on navigating the guardrails between growth, profitability and free cash flow there. We're not chasing growth in this business and are being thoughtful about acquisition costs. At the moment, we're seeing some media buying costs increase, and that's really driven by U.S. election media buying, and it's also causing a bit of consumer distraction. So we wanted to make sure we thoughtfully navigated that. The decrease in our Medicare-related businesses was partially offset by solid growth in outsourcing within that line of business, and that was driven by increased project work, which more than covered the decrease in revenue related to the client we mentioned last quarter, who insourced his health and other benefits administration. But overall, we're still confident in our pipeline in HWC and continue to expect that segment to have mid-single-digit organic revenue growth for the full year.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Newsome of Piper Sandler. Your line is now open.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. Thanks for the call. I was hoping you could give us some thoughts on the sort of the issue of the day, which is the outlook for the Property, Casualty market environment and the problems we've seen in casualty. Do you think -- it seems like pricing is basically kind of moderating in property and kind of not doing much in casualty. From your advantage point, what do you think is happening? And what do you think might change?
Carl Hess: Sure. Good morning. I guess I look at it this way, right? Overall, we're seeing a stabilizing to softening market and with some differentiation that I'll elaborate a bit on. For property, the global trend is stabilizing to softening, though there was a large amount of nat cat losses in the first half of the year, such as U.S. storms, flooding in Europe, the earthquake in Taiwan. Natural catastrophe capacity is no longer the main driver of premium increases in this space. But in the casualty market, there's reduced capacity and higher pricing. Looking at financial lines, we do see them continue to soften, but the rate reductions have slowed down this quarter. Although in cyber, the market is softening faster because insurers have been widening their appetite and new capacity is entering the market. We see marine is stable to softening. But geographically, right, there's a softening market in Asia, Australia, LATAM. In Europe, we see generally flat, same true for the UK and premium rises in North America have slowed to stable. Many of the current rate increases have been driven by complex risks such as social inflation, geopolitical conflicts, natural disaster. All of this impacts our casualty lines, especially in North America and globally in political violence and terrorism. Looking at it in terms of our results, we don't view rate as a significant tailwind or headwind across our R&B portfolio in terms of how it resulted -- impact to our results this past quarter. Our growth was primarily driven by high retention rates and new business as well as the investments we've made over the last few years and the reorientation of the R&B business towards specialization. We think that's really made a difference for us and it's going to continue to differentiate for us.
Paul Newsome: Okay. I wanted to ask one just. I will let others ask questions. Appreciate the help as always.
Carl Hess: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. One moment for our next question. Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman of TD Cowen. Your line is now open.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, good morning. I'd like to follow up on an earlier question about revenue -- organic revenue growth. You did 9% in health and then on the other side, in CRB you did 10%. So I think about the exceptional talent that you've hired and they really are exceptional. And the numbers have brought the count up. So when I think of those two low double, high single-digit numbers in health and CRB, how much of that -- and then I put that next to your guidance of mid-single digit or higher in terms of your objective for growth. Should I think about most of that outsized growth as just kind of the tailwinds of the new talent and then it just kind of eases into mid-single digit or higher? Or do you think those high numbers in those two material sub-segments will continue.
Carl Hess: Well, I mean, as I've said before, Andrew, right, we do have some positive momentum that results not just from the investments we've made in talent, but what we think is a differentiated strategy that enables that talent to best succeed in the marketplace. We do think that we still have more productivity we can get from the cohorts of talent we've brought on board over the last several years. And we continue to look for talent out in the marketplace who view WTW is the best place they can use to leverage what they can bring to their client base. So we think that there's momentum in those businesses. We think our strategy helps us succeed, and we are optimistic that there is continued progress we can make.
Andrew Kligerman: That's awesome. And in ICT, so that was flat. And you said it was tempered demand for discretionary services. And I think Andrew said that he expects a pickup in the second half in that area. Could you talk specifically about some of those services that are big at ICT and why you think that will pick up in the second half?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. ICT comprises about 10% or roughly $400 million of R&B's annualized revenue, and that's split roughly 50-50 between software sales and consulting revenue. Given its size, a few million dollars in either direction can have an impact on the organic growth rate for the period of a couple of sizable contracts have modified timing period-to-period. In the first half of the year, we saw some of those large consulting projects being postponed. However, we recognize that the environment for certain advisory work within ICT, they continue to be challenging. So we've moderated our growth expectation there accordingly along the lines of mid-single digit growth for ICT. So it's really around the timing of some software sales, which can be chunky from time to time as well as some of the discretionary spend related to the consulting side of the business and the timing of those projects.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Ward of Citigroup. Your line is now open.
Mike Ward: Thanks, good morning. Carl, you mentioned the opportunity to do -- potentially do outperform some of the guidance on the margin. I was wondering if you could quantify potential upside at all to margins.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We're not going to quantify any potential upside, but I think if I think about how the rest of the year could play out, we -- obviously, we're very pleased with the 240 basis points of margin expansion we had this quarter. That gives us the confidence in the outlook for the full year, hence the increase in the target range to 23% to 23.5% for the year. And if you just think about some of the puts and takes for the rest of the year, we expect the run rate transformation savings to be spread ratably over the year. We also anticipate operating leverage on a full year basis as we continue to drive organic growth as well as focusing on cost discipline and operating efficiency. And just as a reminder, the pacing of book gains and interest income in the comparable period, some of those things may cause the scale of margin expansion to vary quarter-by-quarter. But as you heard me mention and as Carl mentioned earlier, we do see opportunities to potentially outperform.
Mike Ward: Okay. Thank you. And then for CRB, we've seen a divergence in the pricing environment for large accounts versus middle market or smaller. I was hoping you could talk about what you're seeing in terms of pricing across your customer segments within CRB overall, I guess.
Carl Hess: Yes. Sure. I think I talked a little bit about this when I discussed rate a question or two ago. There's certainly more differentiated depending on the nature of the risk and what the performance has been over time where, for instance, cat exposed and cat hit property is clearly a more challenged environment than clients who been relatively lost pre-records [ph]. So there is clearly, I think, a desire by markets to continue to differentiate on the pricing that they offer our client base. But we're not seeing the difficulty we might have had a few years ago with capacity in various markets. We're able to achieve, I think, quite good results for our clients anticipate that will be the case going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mike Zaremski of BMO. Your line is now open.
Michael Zaremski: Great, good morning. Back to the discussion on what was excellent -- continues to be excellent organic growth in R&B. Just looking through kind of past transcripts and what you said this quarter, you mentioned client retention in the mid-90s, the past couple of quarters and the quarter before that, you've said that retention improved and increased. Is it fair to kind of assume that retention continues to be a driver of some of the outsized growth? Or am I reading into things too much?
Carl Hess: I mean, retention continues to be in the mid-90s, which is a level we're very pleased with, that business you keep is less business you have to replace. We think that's a result of the excellent client service we deliver as well as the insights we're able to provide our client base with our risk analytics that we feel are unmatched in the industry. So no question that the retention rates we have are ones we'd like to keep more persistent going forward.
Michael Zaremski: Got it. So that is kind of a -- you're at a normalized retention rate, I should have been more clear today.
Carl Hess: Yes. I mean we're certainly at levels that are consistent with where we were a number of years ago before some of the disruption we had and the stabilization of the talent base is at the fundamental to that.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Great. My follow-up, just sticking on the R&B segment. Margins improvement was just -- was excellent as well. I heard some of the comments, but just want to make sure there's kind of nothing. It was really mostly operating leverage? Or is there something that was onetime or something that was cut in terms of expenses that we should just be careful with run rating? And I know you obviously have guidance out there on the margin, but just curious, just the extent of the margin beat was so much. Thanks.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, there was nothing unusual. It was all driven by transformation savings and operating leverage, and of course, focusing on prudent expense management as part of that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar of Jefferies. Your line is now open.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good morning. I wanted to circle back to the guidance, the updated guidance, specifically the margin guidance. So I think at the midpoint, the new guidance would suggest material slowdown in margin expansion in the second half. Can you maybe talk about that a little bit?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. I think I would bring you back to Carl's comments earlier about sort of continuing to drive operating leverage, transformation program continuing to hit and where we think we might land within that range and the level of optimism around that. So we feel really comfortable about where we're going to land within that range given the industry dynamics as well as our progress on transformation and operating leverage. And again, we do see the -- yes, sorry, go ahead.
Yaron Kinar: I was just going to say, with that comment of kind of the continued kind of fruits of the transformational program coming through and the scale, why would we see a meaningful slowdown in margin expansion in the second half of the year -- kind of year-over-year relative to where it's been in the first half.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So we do see the opportunity to outperform that range that we put out there and Carl went through some of the puts and takes of that earlier about how we might get there around better-than-expected productivity from investment in talent, the timing of the transformation savings continuing to focus on prudent management of expenses without impacting growth and then some business factors as well, which could provide some incremental tailwinds.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. So it's a potential upside to that guidance. And my second question, Andrew, you talked about the Medicare-related business. Can you maybe offer some additional color on what you might from the market developments? And do you still consider this an attractive long-term business? And maybe, I apologize for throwing in a lot here, but also, what's allowed Willis and TRANZACT to succeed where we've seen a growing list of competitors stumble?
Carl Hess: Well, let me address the latter, right? I mean, I think we run a business that's got a couple of differentiating features to it. One is the diversification we've got between product and lead type. And second, I'd probably identify a bit of discipline. Historically, many of our competitors have gone for growth at all costs, where we've always, I think, tried to pursue a path that looks at growth and profitability and cash spend and try and balance all three for sustainable margins and revenue growth. And we've got a management team that I think has been very effective over prior years at being able to manage all that. And so there's a certain discipline we've approached in that business that hasn't been necessarily present throughout the industry. Looking forward a bit, right, there's no question that there's -- we've seen a slew of headlines regarding what's going on here. We've seen the proposed Medicare Advantage rates and what they could have in the business. That's regarding what sort of commissions that carries data brokers for selling policies. There continues to be some uncertainty on how that's going to play out with the carriers. But I think speculating as to the potential impact on our business regarding commissions be really premature. We've been managing regulatory changes and their impact over prior years. We've been successfully navigating those changes in the past, and I think we're going to continue to do so. Carriers have a lot of options for managing their profitability. And while broker commissions could be a lever, there are other options that are going to be far more impactful for them like benefit changes and premium tweaks. And turning to the final CMS rule for 2025 that addresses marketing of Medicare Advantage plans, that was reduced in early April. The final rule was less onerous than the proposed rule in a number of ways. There's still some uncertainties about how that's all going to be implemented. But right, the U.S. courts have stayed part of this rule, which means the terms may not -- sorry, will not take effect this year. We have -- we remain actively engaged with the carriers in the space. They have reiterated the important role we play in the distribution of Medicare insurance solutions and the valuable services we provide to beneficiaries. So I guess, in sum, we remain confident we'll be able to work effectively with carriers to deliver services and be compensated fairly as long as we bring value.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Motemaden of Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
David Motemaden: Hi good morning. I had a question just on the head count growth within R&B. It sounds like the productivity enhancement has been exceeded expectations, but I'm wondering as we sort of sunset that or that moderates as employees ramp how you guys are thinking about head count growth within R&B compared to the 2% head count growth in R&B you had in 2023?
Carl Hess: So I mean, after a focused effort over the past few years, we think we've replenished our talent base. We've seen the new hires begin to contribute to our organic growth, as I discussed earlier. We've had several waves of hiring over the past few years, and so we still have a bit more to go as these cohorts mature to peak productivity. Currently, our hiring efforts are more opportunistic. They were strategic with a goal of enhancing our ability to achieve sustainable and profitable growth and create value. Our hiring of Lucy Clarke that I talked about during prepared remarks is one example of this sort of strategic hire. We've recently announced a few other strategic hires to support our industry verticals and Verita as well. With respect to our expense rate base, any incremental investments, whether they're in talent or technology are not going to prevent us hitting our 2024 margin targets, and as Andrew has alluded to, we expect to be toward the higher end of our target margin range in 2024 and expect margin expansion in both segments.
David Motemaden: Got it. Thank you. And then just my follow-up, Wondering if I could get just a little bit more detail on Verita in terms of just how big it is and how fast it's growing. Any sort of numbers you can put around it would be helpful because it sounds like it's been fairly successful.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We're very pleased with the growth that we've seen since launching the platform. It's done better than we had initially expected. However, given the overall size of the R&B business, still relatively small and not necessarily moving the needle from an organic growth perspective at this point in time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Marcon of Baird. Your line is now open.
Mark Marcon: Good morning, and thanks for taking my questions. Andrew, one quick question and then a follow-up for Carl. On the unallocated costs, obviously, they jumped up. You mentioned that there was the legal fee. You did say that for the full year, we should be roughly equal to the level that we saw in 2023. Is that correct?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, that is correct. So unallocated net was $106 million for the quarter, which -- that's an increase from the $52 million in the prior year. And it does include that $13 million provision that you referenced. Year-to-date, we're at $162 million. We think that's a more meaningful comparison point given that expectation that '24 should be relatively consistent with the '23 balance, which is about $296 million.
Mark Marcon: Great. And then, Carl we take a look at all the various segments. And with the exception of TRANZACT, which you're moderating on purpose, it seems like the momentum is quite solid. Obviously, you've got a differentiated strategy. You've made some talent hires. But I'm also wondering, when you internally monitor engagement within the more than 40,000 professionals that you have within the organization, after several years of change, do you feel like morale engagement has improved significantly. And some of the productivity improvements that we're seeing are basically just due to a widespread increase in terms of confidence and things being more settled?
Carl Hess: I don't want to give any impression that we're sitting there and thinking we solved everything, that we are arrogant. But I do think organizationally, we're dealing with 46,000 people who got their mojo back, and it shows. And when I walk the halls of an office, whether it's here today in New York or London or Paris or Hong Kong, people like where they're working and they're enthusiastic about our prospects. And that's a wonderful thing to say.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields of Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods. Your line is now open.
Meyer Shields: Thanks. Two quick questions. I guess the first, because of the strangeness of TRANZACT accounting, can you help us think about how impactful moderating growth could be to the fourth quarter organic growth in Health, Wealth and Career?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. If we do continue to see that moderation of growth within the Medicare-related businesses, it could temper some growth within the overall HWC segment. However, we continue to focus on the strong pipeline that we do have in the other businesses there. It is a portfolio of businesses and believe that, I think Carl mentioned earlier, for example, the pipeline and survey work that we expect to take hold as well as some of the project-based work in North America within health. So we're really confident about delivering the mid-single digit growth for the TRANZACT segment overall for the year.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful. A second question, maybe bigger picture. Can you give us a sense of what Lucy Clarke's priorities are as she comes in, like for the first 12 to 18 months?
Carl Hess: Lucy's priorities, sorry, you got a little garbled there for a second. I guess I'd look at it this way. I mean we're incredibly excited about Lucy's joined us. She is a perfect fit to accelerate our existing strategy and lead R&B. She's got deep experience in specialization. She's got a proven track record of attracting and developing top-tier talents, and she's got a well-honed ability to execute. Her background is well aligned with our focus on specialization and our investments in talent and technology. I think Lucy's just joined us this week, right? She's surveying the landscape of the R&B business. I expect she'll affirm what's working well, use the benefit of our decades of experience in other organizations to see what else we could be doing to modify our approach. But the reason she's joined us is that she believes in our strategy. And I expect that we're looking at fine-tuning our wholesale approach.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Mark Hughes of Truist Securities. Your line is now open.
Mark Hughes: Thank you. Good morning. Andrew, anything you can say about the trajectory of unallocated into 2025?
Andrew Krasner: We're not giving any guidance or financial perspectives for 2025 yet. But again, for 2024, we do expect the balance to be relatively similar to where we landed the year at -- for 2023.
Mark Hughes: And then any specifics on the cash spend on the transformation in the second half? And then how much goes into 2025.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So we do expect some of the transformation cash spend to bleed over into 2025 and expect some payments to be made from an account of cash basis perspective throughout the third and fourth quarters.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn it back to Carl Hess, WTW's Chief Executive Officer.
Carl Hess: Thank you once again for joining us today for our second quarter earnings conference call. I deeply appreciate the dedication of our WTW colleagues worldwide who have made this strong quarter possible. Additionally, I extend my gratitude to our shareholders for their ongoing support.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-04-25 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the WTW First Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to wtwco.com for the press release and supplemental information that were issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next 3 months on WTW's website.
 Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law.
 For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should visit the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in the company's most recent Form 10-K and in other filings the company has made with the SEC.
 During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures will be discussed. For reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the earnings press release issued this morning and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website.
 I'll now turn the call over to Carl Hess, WTW's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead. 
Carl A. Hess: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for WTW's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. Joining me today is Andrew Krasner, our Chief Financial Officer.
 We had a solid start to the year, delivering first quarter results in line with our expectations. Our momentum from last year has carried us into 2024 as we continue to execute on our strategic priorities to grow, simplify and transform. Our exceptional solutions, productivity from new hires and investments in talent and technology continue to play a pivotal role in fueling organic revenue growth of 5%. Simultaneously, our transformation initiatives helped us generate adjusted operating margin expansion of 200 basis points year-over-year and 16% growth in adjusted diluted earnings per share.
 We had $33 million of incremental annualized savings from our transformation program during the first quarter, bringing the total to $370 million in cumulative annualized savings since the program's inception. We continue to look for more opportunities to optimize the business while leveraging our cost structure to expand our margins. This encouraging start to the year, our robust new business pipeline and our plans for realizing operating efficiencies across the rest of the year, give us a high level of confidence that we will deliver on our 2024 commitments.
 I'm pleased with how our strategic progress has driven this quarter's results and more importantly, has positioned us for continued profitable growth. For the first quarter of 2024, we delivered top line growth, underscoring the heightened importance of our services in the current market. Our distinctive data-driven and industry-specific approach is making us more attuned to specific economic dynamics that allow us to enhance outcomes and mitigate risk for our clients.
 Our global client model continues to resonate with the market, thanks to our world-class offerings and the unwavering dedication of our colleagues. All this puts us in a strong position to achieve sustainable profitable growth and to enhance long-term shareholder value.
 Let me give you an update on the progress we've made and the opportunities ahead for our segments. Our specialization strategy in Risk and Broking remains a key growth driver for both the segment and the company. R&B had organic revenue growth of 8% for the quarter. Our Specialty businesses continue to strongly outpace the rest of the segment's growth. And we also continue to see sustained client retention rates in the mid-90s, the product of the ongoing value of our data and analytics focus and the effective insurance solutions that we provide to our clients.
 We often get questions about WTW's specialist approach and how it sets us apart. What's unique about WTW's approach is that our entire business, not just the client-facing parts is structured around industry concentrations. This has clear benefits for both our clients and our operations. Clients can tap into both our global and local expertise, which includes unique data and analytical tools that help create a continuous cycle as we tackle industry challenges, aggregate our experience and information and use that to further improve our solutions to meet specific industry needs.
 From an operational point of view, these are businesses with national or even global P&Ls and not simply an industry practice group. Our dedicated industry teams have heightened accountability for end-to-end performance and make informed decisions based on their experience and in-depth knowledge that results in exceptional value delivered to our clients while achieving strong financial results.
 A client win from this past quarter illustrates the effectiveness of this approach. Members of our global construction line of business based in our Europe and international geographies came together to win a multiyear contract for a rail infrastructure leader, by creating a custom solution that fit the client's unique risk management profile. The global teams were assisted by our local teams in the country where the railway was being built, enabling us to provide even further specific expertise to the situation. Our team's familiarity with the industry-specific risks associated with rail infrastructure, combined with our specialized geographic knowledge ultimately secured us to win amidst fierce competition.
 In North America, our transition to industry-focused divisions is complete, enhancing our ability to meet client needs and driving innovation and new offerings through our industry verticals. One example of this is Verita, our open market MGU, which has continued to exceed our expectations since its introduction last quarter. The recent addition of workers' compensation capabilities further solidifies Verita's proposition within the insurance ecosystem, enhancing its value proposition and is expanding its market reach. We continue to expect the investments made in talented technology over the last few years, combined with the reorientation of the R&B business towards specialization will drive higher levels of activity with new and existing clients that is fundamental to our organic revenue growth and margin expansion trajectory this year.
 In HWC, we remain focused on our core businesses, while fostering smart connections to fuel sustainable organic growth of 4% in the quarter. Clients continue to recognize that the deep expertise we have at each of our HWC businesses enables us to deliver market-leading solutions across our Health, Wealth, Career and Benefits Delivery & Outsourcing businesses and make breakthroughs that matter in a complex and changing environment.
 For example, with many pension plans being well funded, our retirement teams around the world have helped clients derisk their plans and gain access to surplus assets not only through traditional means like annuity buy-ins and buyouts but also through novel approaches like reopening previously closed pension plans. In addition, we've assembled a unique solution involving bulk annuity purchases at our retiree health care exchange that enables U.S. organizations to derisk retiree medical obligations. After launching this solution late last year, we've already helped clients settle some $430 million in retiree medical liabilities, and we expect another $500 million in settlements over the rest of this year.
 In other breakthroughs, we're using artificial intelligence and broader digital tools to help clients answer some big questions about their people processes. Specifically, we've doubled our digitally enabled revenue into the career area, 2 years running, and are focused on doubling again in 2024. This includes us helping dozens of the world's largest companies identify the skills their employees need to deliver solid business results and grow in their careers.
 We've also developed thousands of job profiles and aligned hundreds of jobs to specific career levels with AI, freeing up time for consultants so that they can spend more of their time advising clients and reward strategy and program design. Our digital solutions extended to the executive pay area with our proprietary performance modeling tool that we've deployed to help hundreds of compensation committees make decisions about executive pay and performance targets. 
 Stepping over to healthcare, we see no shortage of opportunities. There's continued high inflation around the world and the introduction of new Specialty solutions is not abating. Clients and prospects are looking for breakthrough to deliver value and impact, evidenced by the more than 2,500 people who recently attended our Flagship U.S. Healthcare Conference.
 All of our core businesses are helping organizations respond to new legislation and regulation from the Netherlands Pension Legislation to the EU Pay Transparency Requirements. An important part of core business growth in HWC is the smart connections that span the segment, which create opportunities to cultivate sustainable sticky relationships. Two examples of this came with wins this past quarter with a telecommunications provider and a global biopharmaceutical company.
 In both instances, we were able to create a comprehensive bundle of solutions by engaging our teams across working rewards, employee experience, retirement and Benefits Delivery & Administration. In addition to being simply larger, these multi-business relationships are typically more embedded and more profitable as we build connections with varied client stakeholders, deliver greater value, utilize our client knowledge and leverage common resources.
 Our focus on smart connections continues to gain traction across our segments, demonstrating the complementary nature of our businesses and providing further evidence of the value of our multi-industry expertise. For example, this past quarter, our colleagues in HWC help tee up a broking opportunity for our CRB team to do a complete review of a health and benefit clients P&C insurance strategy and programs. After detailing our approach to industry specialization, our CRB colleagues were chosen for all lines of coverage over the incumbent.
 Putting it all together, good market demand, well-positioned core businesses, breakthrough solutions in new areas and smart connections that add value, the outlook for HWC remains strong. In closing, I'm proud of our performance this quarter, which reflects our continued strategic progress. We're executing successfully at our priorities and as a result, we're in a solid position to deliver on our goals for 2024. I'm excited about the opportunities that lie ahead for the rest of the year and beyond. And as always, I extend my gratitude to our colleagues for continuing to stay dedicated and committed to WTW and our clients.
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew. 
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, Carl. Good morning, and thanks for joining us today. As Carl mentioned, we started the year on a strong note, achieving results that were in line with our expectations and position us well to achieve our 2024 targets. We remain focused on driving profitable growth through improving productivity leveraging our specialization and smart connection strategies and executing our transformation program. In the quarter, we delivered organic revenue growth of 5% and drove adjusted operating margin expansion of 200 basis points. The result was adjusted diluted earnings per share of $3.29, an increase of 16% over prior year.
 Next, I'll spend some time reviewing our segment results. Note that to provide comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. Health, Wealth and Career generated revenue growth of 4% compared to the first quarter of last year, in line with our expectations of mid-single-digit organic revenue growth for the segment in 2024.
 Health revenue increased 3% for the quarter, led by high-single-digit growth in international and Europe and driven by the continued expansion of our global benefits management client portfolio. Timing of new business contributed to lower growth in North America, where our business is typically fee-based. We expect that to accelerate significantly throughout the remainder of the year, in line with high-single-digit growth expectations for the full year.
 Wealth grew 3% in the first quarter, driven by strong growth in our retirement business due to increased pension derisking work in North America and Europe, along with a modest increase in our Investments business due in part to new products. Career delivered 3% growth in the quarter, primarily driven by increased projects related to communication work and employee experience and more broad-based reward assignments and working reward. It is notable that in this point in the year, our compensation benchmarking participation is up double digits over 2023, creating a pipeline for accelerated growth in the latter half of 2024.
 Benefits Delivery & Outsourcing generated 6% growth in the quarter. The increase was driven by higher volumes and placements of Medicare Advantage and life policies in our individual marketplace business. Based on the incidence of growth projected by carriers in the Medicare Advantage space, we expect more moderated growth later in the year. Offsetting the BDA growth was low growth in our outsourcing business as we absorbed a revenue headwind due to a large client in-sourcing its health and other benefits administration.
 HWC's operating margin was 25.1%, an increase of 110 basis points compared to the prior year first quarter, primarily driven by transformation savings. Risk and Broking revenue was up 8% on an organic basis for the first quarter. There was a $5 million unfavorable year-over-year impact from book of business activity. Interest income was $28 million for the quarter, up $16 million from the first quarter last year.
 Corporate Risk & Broking had another strong quarter, growing 9% or 10% excluding the impact of book-of-business activity primarily driven by strong client retention across all geographies and higher level of new business activity. Our specialty lines continue to be a major contributor to the strong growth performance led globally by financial solutions and natural resources. Growth across CRB in Europe was led by Financial Solutions, Aerospace, Natural Resources, Marine and P&C.
 North America CRB had solid growth driven by new business across several lines, including Construction, Natural Resources and Real Estate, Hospitality and Leisure as well as contributions from our new Verita business. Our international region also contributed strong organic growth across all subregions, led by countries in Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa.
 Looking at the insurance industry more broadly in terms of rates, the market remains a bit mixed with some flattening and even softening in specific insurance lines such as D&O and cyber. However, the current risk environment is marked by increased frequency in natural disasters, social inflation and geopolitical conflicts. And as a result of that, we see rate increases across various lines such as casualty, especially in North America, and globally in political violence and terrorism.
 Insurance Consulting & Technology revenue was flat with prior year due to the timing of consulting and technology revenue between quarters. We expect ICT to achieve mid- to high-single-digit growth for the full year and in line with our overall expectations for Risk and Broking. R&B's operating margin was 20.8% for the quarter, a 90-basis-point increase over the prior year first quarter, primarily due to interest income, transformation savings and solid organic revenue growth in CRB. R&B also faced margin headwinds this quarter from the impact of book of business activity as well as foreign exchange.
 In addition, as we mentioned at year-end, now that our talent base in R&B is back to full strength, we are focused on strategic and opportunistic talent investments with industry expertise as well as investments in technology that will eventually yield more revenue than what is currently in the mix. These investments impacted R&B's margins this quarter. However, they will enhance our presence and capabilities in the lines of business and geographies that we believe offer the greatest growth and profitability potential.
 We continue to expect margin expansion on a full year basis and as we mentioned last quarter, given the business' seasonality and uncertain pacing of our investments, the scale of R&B margin expansion may vary from quarter-to-quarter, but should improve over the course of the year.
 Now let's turn to the enterprise level results. At the enterprise level, adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 20.6%, a 200-basis-point increase over prior year. The benefits of our transformation program drove a large part of our margin expansion for the quarter alongside improved operating leverage. We had $33 million of incremental annualized transformation savings for the quarter, bringing the total to $370 million since the program's inception. The benefits this program provides will better position us to drive sustainable operating leverage going forward.
 Our unallocated net was negative $56 million for the first quarter. We continue to expect the full year 2024 balance to be relatively consistent with 2023. Foreign exchange did not have a meaningful impact on adjusted EPS for the quarter, at current spot rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a headwind of approximately $0.05 on adjusted EPS for the year. Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 19.9% versus 19.5% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 22.4% compared to 20.5% for the first quarter of 2023. We continue to expect our adjusted tax rate for the year to be close to our 2023 rate, excluding the onetime tax items we mentioned last quarter.
 During the quarter, we returned $187 million to our shareholders with share repurchases of $101 million and dividends of $86 million. We continue to execute a disciplined capital allocation strategy and currently view share repurchases as an attractive use of capital to create long-term shareholder value. We continue to expect approximately $750 million of share repurchases in 2024, subject to market conditions and other relevant factors.
 Our interest expense for the quarter was $64 million versus $54 million in the first quarter of 2023. We actively managed our leverage profile by issuing $750 million of new debt in March. A portion of those proceeds will be used to pay our upcoming $650 million debt maturity in June.
 We generated free cash flow of negative $9 million for the first quarter, a decline of $101 million from the prior year, primarily driven by increased cash outflows related to transformation and discretionary compensation payments partially offset by higher inflows from collections. The free cash flow results for the quarter are in line with what we planned as free cash flow margin was not intended to be a linear path for the year. We continue to be confident in our expectations of year-over-year improvement in our full year free cash flow margin.
 Our results this quarter were a solid start to 2024, and reflect a continuation of the significant progress we have been making on our strategy and operational performance. We expect our momentum to continue throughout the rest of the year and are confident in achieving our 2024 targets.
 With that, let's open it up for Q&A. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is on the guide for the margin within R&B. I think you said that the margin improvement should improve over the course of the year. Just want to make sure I heard that correctly because you did show a pretty strong improvement in the back half of '23. So I thought that maybe those would represent harder comps, but is the guide that you would expect improvement -- the margin improvement to gain steam, Q2 then get better in Q3 and then Q4? Or did I misunderstand that comment? 
Andrew Krasner: Elyse, I think you're thinking about that correctly. We do expect continued expansion throughout the course of the year. We did make some investments in Q1, which did impact the margin expansion and operating leverage within R&B. But for the course of the year, we do expect the margin expansion to continue as well as the operating leverage generation. 
Elyse Greenspan: And then my second question was just on the impact of the potential ban of noncompetes by the FTC. Can you just help us think through the impact that could have on WTW and how that could help both your ability to bring on talent and then just thoughts around potential departures, how you would think through the balance of the two, if there is a change? 
Carl A. Hess: Yes, thanks Elyse. We see this as actually quite manageable for us. We employ non-solicits as part of what we do. And we think that is actually quite a manageable situation for us. So we think that we're still looking through this. And of course, there may be some litigation concerning all that. But our standard restrictive covenants don't prevent our employees from working for our competitors. They are, as I said, non-solicitation, nondisclosure type agreements, and they don't function to prevent someone from taking a job a competitor. We don't think the world tied to that type of restrictive covenant. And so we've managed quite well against these in the past, and we'll manage I think quite well going... 
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregory Peters with Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: Thanks for the comments, specifically, Andrew, around expectations on organic. And I wanted to revisit inside Health Wealth and Career, two comments you made about the health piece and the career piece, both of which you seem to guide to a better organic result as we go through the year. I was wondering if you could give us some color behind why you have the confidence that, that's going to be a better result for the year. 
Carl A. Hess: Yes, Gregory, maybe I'll start, and Andrew can chime in as well. So with respect to health, right, we see a couple of factors as giving us confidence regarding the rest of the year. We continue to have strong performance in our global benefits management offering, where we help multinationals deliver consistent and superior program of benefits to their workforce across, our pipeline remains very strong and our hit rate within that pipeline remains very strong.
 It's sort of the beginning of the selling season in Q1 for North America. And here, we see opportunities to help companies continue to mitigate the inflation in healthcare. And specifically the impact of GLP-1 drugs, which help among other things vis-a-vis, relatively high-priced tickets, so near-term cost impact. Of course, these may have help over the long-term managing healthcare costs, getting the improved wellness outcomes.
 On the career side, we are seeing, as we alluded to before, strong demand participation in our compensation benchmarking. And that typically turns into request for compensation survey for later on down the road. Paid transparency legislation in the EU is driving demand for helping people sort of understand how that's going to impact them, pay equity projects,  broad-based pay and career projects are some of the outcomes. 
Andrew Krasner: And just a couple of points of detail on that, especially as it relates to Q1 and going forward. So within health the continued expansion of the global benefits management client portfolio, which Carl alluded to, drove high-single-digit growth, particularly driven by Europe and our international geographies, as we talked about the timing of the new business contributed to lower growth in North America, where our business is typically fee-based we expect that to accelerate significantly throughout the remainder of the year, in line with high-single-digit growth expectations for the full year.
 In Wealth, the 3% organic revenue growth from -- was driven from retirement work, related to derisking in North America and Europe and a modest increase in our investments business due to asset mix. 2/3 of our assets there are for DB plans, which are designed to hedge long-term pension liabilities. So they're highly interest rate dependent and thus don't benefit as much from run-ups in the equity market.
 Within Career, there was some really good project work increases and employee experience working awards. And just to round things out of BDO, there was organic revenue growth driven by higher volumes of placements of life and Medicare Advantage policies within our individual marketplace business, and based on the growth projected by carriers in the MA space, we do expect somewhat slower growth later in the year. and then offsetting the BDA growth within BD&O was our outsourcing business. But when you look through all of that, we continue to be confident that our pipeline will drive mid-single-digit organic growth for the full year within HWC. 
Charles Peters: Excellent detail. For my follow-up question, I'd like to pivot to your investor deck on the free cash flow margin expectations, I think it's Slide 21. And I was looking at the column that says 2024 and beyond. And I was wondering if you could spend a minute and give us -- quantify some of those variables in there, like the improvement in TRANZACT free cash flow profile, the headwind from cash in '24 and HWC and R&B, just sort of give us some benchmarks so we can sort of think of how that the trajectory of improvement might progress over the next couple of years. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes, we haven't quantified any of the specific components. But here's how we think about the steps to getting to the 16% plus margin target, right? So we've got greater profitability as a result of driving margin expansion as a contributing factor that's not just from transformation and operating leverage, but also over time, improving our business mix, as we've talked about in the past, so MGAs and MGUs things of that nature.
 The second component, obviously, will have the abatement of the transformation-related cash outlays. That will taper off throughout the first half of 2025. And then as we think about the TRANZACT business, we still expect that to be positive within the next few years. That's going to come as a result of the maturing of the business and the portfolio as well as continuing to improve the product mix.
 I do think it's important to note that even when TRANZACT turns positive from a cash flow perspective, it will still be a drag on the enterprise free cash flow margin as it's not going to be converting right at the same rate as the rest of the business. So it will take some time for that headwind to subside.
 And then in the other direction, as we've talked about, we do have some temporary headwinds from cash investments within the business for product development and technology to support future growth and inefficiencies. But at the end of the day, we are committed to making annual progress on the free cash flow margin as we drive towards that 16% plus. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. 
Robert Cox: Just had a first question on talent. I was just hoping you guys could give us an update on sort of the talent base in terms of hiring trends, attrition trends and perhaps you could comment on some of the staff reductions that were reported in media articles over the quarter? 
Carl A. Hess: Sure, Rob. So as we mentioned, right, we have replenished our talent base. And so our investments going forward are more focused on strategic and opportunistic hiring. And we think they put us in a position to achieve sustainable profitable growth. We're not just hiring to fill our bench. We're hiring to take advantage of specific opportunities to create value. Lucy Clarke would be a great example of one of those strategic hires. We are looking forward to we're welcoming her next -- later this year. In addition, we've had some notable strategic hires to support our industry verticals and Verita. 
 With respect to attrition, it has come down within levels that are in our normal range and quite manageable for us as a business. We very much view ourselves still as a flagship for talent. And retaining our current talent base is just as important as attracting new talent, and it's no exit, I thank our colleagues on each and every one of these calls.
 With respect to recent press reports, I would point out that we had always contemplated as part of the transformation program, the relocation of work, the various parts of what we do. And so I view this as not really news. It's just reporting. 
Robert Cox: Great. Just a follow-up. I think there were some updated rules from CMS regarding Medicare Advantage broker compensation, have you been able to assess if there is an expected impact transact from any of those changes? 
Carl A. Hess: So the final CMS rules for '25 that address marketing and Medicare Advantage plans in the U.S. was released in early April, right? So not all that long ago. The good news of the final rule was less onerous on the proposed role in a number of ways. And while there's still some uncertainties about all of its provisions are going to be implemented, but it's not causing us to change our outlook for the year. We've been actively engaged with the carriers in this space. They have reiterated the important role that we play in the distribution of Medicare insurance solutions and the valuable services we provide beneficiaries. I guess, I just close that by saying managing regulatory change is a regular part of our business. And I think we've been quite successful in navigating these sort of changes in the past. We will continue to do so in the future. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Ward with Citi. 
Michael Ward: Just on the unallocated expense items. Just wondering if you have any expectations for the rest of the year? And does that kind of depend on interest rate levels? 
Andrew Krasner: So the unallocated net for the full year, we expect to be relatively consistent with 2023 on a 12-month basis. What you're seeing there right now is the outcome of driving down expenses at the corporate level focused on enhancing the margin profile of the company going forward. Some examples of that include things like refining our corporate support model for the businesses. as well as managing discretionary spend. So that's really where it manifests itself in the unallocated net this quarter. And again, for the full year, should be relatively consistent with last year. 
Michael Ward: Okay. And then maybe on Global Specialties. I was hoping you could expand on the kind of growth outlook and maybe which lines you're expecting faster or slower growth? 
Carl A. Hess: So we continue to be delighted with the performance of our specialization strategy. And for the quarter, our global lines of business once again grew more than double the rest of the portfolio. So we think it is working a treat. Some of these lines are facing more challenging conditions than others. Our FINEX business, for instance, has the headwind of reduced M&A activity, which lowers the amount of work we do in transactional liability as well as the sharp decline in rates we've had over recently large number of quarters, but continues actually to still make quite good growth in -- despite these -- we see in things like Construction and Natural Resources, our unique analytic proposition, actually helping quite a bit. But in general, we're seeing strong growth across the portfolio where we have headwinds and tailwinds from rate and other conditions [indiscernible]. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman with TD Cowen. 
Andrew Kligerman: I'd like to follow up on Rob's earlier question about the staffing. Should I take it that, Carl, when you say strategic hires, and then couple that you mentioned what we had read about 120 to 130 staff members were reduced. That was just kind of the normal course of business. So as I net that out, should we be thinking that WTW does not plan to grow. They just want to selectively hire and reduce where it's impactful. Is that -- in terms of staffing. Is that the right way to think about it. 
Carl A. Hess: Let me unpick that a bit, Andrew. So as I -- one of the big focuses for us coming to '22 and '23 was rebuilding our talent base, where the events of '20 and '21 had not been helpful. That rebuild job is over, right? It doesn't mean we're done hiring because we're always going [indiscernible] for great talent. But we're no longer [indiscernible] rebuild, it's a build, right? If I could differentiate it that way.
 With respect to non-front-office operations, the effect of the transformation program is twofold, right? One is we do have some -- where are we doing the work or things going on. Those won't necessarily cause any reduction in headcount, right? Because we actually might just be doing the work from a different location. And that wouldn't be the headcount as much as the cost of what we do as being the driver for decisions in that regard.
 The other factor is technology, right? And the transformation is not just about it's certainly not just about workforce relocation, but it is about automation and efficiency. And we do see a role for that going forward. Now that technology is not free, right? So there's a spend involved there. So you may see a shifting in some line items here as we continue to optimize how we run this business. 
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. Okay. And I was really intrigued by the smart connections example that you provided earlier. Could you tell a little bit about if HWC recommends a big opportunity to CRB and they're successful. Is there some compensation to the referral people within WTW and maybe you could elaborate if there is. 
Carl A. Hess: Well, I'm not going to go into details of our compensation programs for obvious competitive reasons, Andrew. But I will say that as the world leading compensation consultant, and that includes sales compensation, we have a very good adviser internally on how we structure programs to make sure we maximize the value of the internal crossing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. 
Mark Hughes: Carl, you talked about the opportunity in pension derisking, et cetera. The organic in wealth at 3%. Do you anticipate that will pick back up. 
Carl A. Hess: We've characterized back our Investor Day where wealth is a low- to mid-single-digit growth business. So it's performing within those sort of areas of expectation. We do see the environment potential risk management as being one where we continue to be a valuable role for our clients over the upcoming year. We see that there continues to be interest in opportunities, whether those are annuity buy-ins and buyouts. We're probably less favorable environment for bulk lump sums, but we think that other derisking actions will make up for those opportunities.
 And as we alluded to during the first part of the call, right, it's not just about derisking for some clients, actually. We have seen clients reopening their pension plan to take advantage of utilizing surplus to actually improve their overall compensation programs. 
Mark Hughes: Right. And then the interest expense for this year, can you give us a sense of what you're looking for? 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Sure. So remember, we took on some incremental debt in the first quarter, and we're sitting on the cash related to a large portion of that related to the maturity that we have coming up in June. Again, that's $650 million. We took out $750 million. So you'll see a temporary uptick in interest expense as we're carrying both components of that for a couple of months. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Huang with Morgan Stanley. 
Jian Huang: My first question is on just a high-level question on growth outlook. First quarter U.S. GDP 1.6%, European Union has been more or less in a weaker spot as well. Given [indiscernible] material business in Europe and U.S., can you maybe talk about what the clients are seeing, what you're expecting for rest of the year, specifically the European business and also at the geopolitical concerns become more complex over time? Curious to hear your view on that. 
Carl A. Hess: Yes, sure. Thanks. I guess I'd look at it this way. The current tightened risk landscape and potentially changing rate environment creates more opportunities for us to help our clients manage their risk profile given the scale and depth of the solutions we can offer them. And given the demand we see in the marketplace, we feel good about delivering on our top line targets of mid-single-digit organic revenue growth and at least $9.9 billion in revenue.
 In R&B, we see opportunities for growth given our ability to help our clients address complex and challenging risks, such as natural disasters, social inflation, things like media impact and litigation in total reform and public sentiment will factor their way into that. Geopolitical conflicts, where Europe is sort of on the edge of a couple of those. And more importantly, we're seeing increased demand for our customized tools and specialized solutions. So that will ensure that clients receive the best return for their premium dollar across their entire portfolio of risks.
 And given the success we've seen from these efforts, we'll continue to grow and expand this strategy into additional geographies, industry verticals. You heard us talk earlier about specialization now making its way into select industries in Europe, and international. So we think this is a very sound footing for us.
 In HWC, right, that complexity in the human capital landscape continues to increase. Our clients' need for sound advice and risk management solutions intensified. As a result, they turn to us to provide solutions and help them navigate issues surrounding benefits, pension plans, workforce management. For example, we help health clients address rising health care costs by providing effective plan management, specialty solutions that can improve their population pulse status. We also provide comp benchmarking.
 And -- but I guess a couple of things or looking at Europe specifically to get down the point you're trying to drilling on, we identify EU Pay transparency as a tailwind for us. It's also the peak valuation year in great Britain, and that typically brings some of an upspike in workforce. That's probably tempered a little bit this year because of the fact that pension plans are well funded, so they need a bit less support in managing trustee corporate negotiations over contributions.
 But in general, the unsettled landscape that you led your question with tends to be a driver for business for us rather than a challenge. 
Jian Huang: Got it. That's very helpful. A follow-up question. I know that you addressed part of this. Just trying to put everything together. Obviously, on the Slide 21, your cash flow walk you mentioned that cash investment in transformation will subside after 2024. Obviously, on the first quarter 2024 earnings free cash flow decreased because of transformation discretionary comp payments. Just curious how much of that was transformation in the first quarter? And I understand that it's now linear, but can you maybe help us think about how we should think about that transformation impact for 2024 on free cash flow? 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think we expect for the full year for it to be marginally higher than last year. And we -- from a payment timing perspective, we'll bleed into 2025, right? But the incurrence of all the costs will be in '24. There will be a couple of month lag as payments go out. So we do expect a net headwind there year-over-year for free cash flow margin. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Zaremski with BMO. 
Michael Zaremski: First question, in regards to the Risk and Broking segment, continued excellent organic growth levels. Curious if Willis has been the beneficiary of like reverse book sales that are aiding growth like meaning you've been book sale buyer? Or would that be netted out within the book sales line item, I think, that you've disclosed? 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. There's nothing meaningful in there that's contributing to the growth from that. And mostly it's been driven by new business retention rates, very little impact from rate. 
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Yes, you guys have been clear about the reinvestment in talent hire. Okay, got it. Lastly, on interest income, and I don't think we have the fiduciary asset levels yet, but it looks like the yield implied is kind of high. Is there anything unusual in there? Or is that the run rate or anything we should be thinking about seasonality wise? 
Andrew Krasner: No, I think it's a good run rate. The asset levels, obviously vary by quarter. But on an annual basis, I think the yield should be fairly consistent. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Marcon with Baird. 
Mark Marcon: Clearly, really strong progress in terms of the margin expansion and clearly, there's successful efforts with regards to efficiency and utilization. But I'm also trying to understand the impact of pricing. What are you seeing from a -- and obviously, it varies by segment. But broadly speaking, to what extent has pricing been a positive catalyst for the margin expansion? And to what extent -- if that is the case, to what extent is that sustainable? 
Carl A. Hess: So within R&B, as we alluded to earlier, rate has been a nonfactor in our business, and I just don't view sort of -- as Andrew said, right, it's -- our results have been driven by great retention and great new business. And we think with our strategy of specialization, those are sustainable. And we -- and continued focus, you need to continue to do.
 With respect to HWC, I guess I put these 2 things, right? One is we continue to try and to drive differentiated solutions in the marketplace that enable us to charge a fair value for the great work we do. We remain very engaged with our client base to ensure that our already high retention rates stay there. And we think that we have been very successful at delivering value, significant multiple of fees we charge and our clients very much value that as a trusted adviser with relationships that, in some cases, stretch back multiple decades. 
Mark Marcon: Terrific. And then for my follow-up, just on BDO, you did mention that there was one large client that ended up in-sourcing some of the retirement programs. Wondering, do you have a perspective in terms of why that was? And is this kind of a one-off? Or is this anything to be concerned about on a go-forward basis? 
Carl A. Hess: So we very much view that as a one-off. This is a client that had a pronounced bent toward -- technology bent towards self-service. And we were a bit of an outlier in their portfolio of advisers. So while we would have preferred a different decision, we understand that decision. If anything, though, we see the market going the other way is that clients continue to deal with the complexity of what it takes to administer these programs and companies such as us can offer a more turnkey solution they could ever develop on their own. 
Operator: The Next question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Carl, you distinguished between sort of the rebuilding that was necessary after 2020, 2021 and more recent hiring. When you talk about the hires that have come on in the first stage of that, are they fully productive in line with the longer-term legacy Willis Towers Watson employees? Or is there still more room to go over time? 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. So I mean, we are very pleased with the progress these group of hires have made and they are contributing to our success. But we think there is still more room to go, especially for the more recent vintages, right? This effort began in early '22 and continued through '23. The people we hired in '23 still don't have from [indiscernible]. And we've always said 6 to 18 months become fully productive. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. And then if I could just go back to the timing issue in health. Does that timing impact the expenses as well? 
Andrew Krasner: We expect the expenses to be relatively even throughout the year in that regard, and it's really just the pacing of the revenue for project work that we expect to pick up throughout the rest of the year to get to that mid- to high-single-digit growth rate. 
Carl A. Hess: I mean that business is a combination of commissions, which is outside the U.S. is largely how we collect things. And then in the U.S., we have a very successful large market consulting business that's fee-based. So we're typically collecting fees as we earn them, but we keep the people on throughout the year. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. 
David Motemaden: I just had a question for Andrew. So I heard you on the moderated TRANZACT growth later in the year given the projected growth by the carriers in Medicare Advantage. Just wanted to know if that changes your view at all on the free cash flow trajectory. Does that pull forward sort of the timing in terms of how you think about getting to that 16%. Or just how that lower growth in the TRANZACT business might help or aid free cash flow throughout this year? 
Andrew Krasner: Yes, it's a good question. Naturally, slower growth within that business, which is a net consumer of cash will foster a quicker move up the curve there on getting to breakeven and if positive on free cash flow. So that would definitely be a tailwind there if it did play out that way based on what we're hearing from some of the carriers at the moment in their expected growth rates. 
David Motemaden: Got it. Helpful. And then maybe just another question on -- good to see that the R&B growth has continued to be robust. And I'm not looking for specific numbers here, but I'm wondering if you guys sort of look at your market share today compared to where it was back in, call it, 2020, 2021. Are you guys back to that level? Is there still room to go within just the Risk and Broking businesses that you compete in? 
Carl A. Hess: Well, I mean, we certainly think there is room for us to grow market share, right. We think we have a differentiated service offering that shows very well for clients who appreciate a calculated approach to a smarter way to risk, right, we call it. And so we continue to see great potential and that is one of the reasons we think our new business results have been so strong as they are. And we think that has certainly the ability to continue forward. 
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn it back to Carl Hess for closing remarks. 
Carl A. Hess: Thank you. Thank you all again for joining us. I appreciate the hard work of all our WTW colleagues globally who've helped us start the year on such a solid note. I'd like to thank you, our shareholders for your continued support of our efforts. Have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the WTW Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to the wtwco.com for the press release and supplemental information that were issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next three months on WTW's website. Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning, as well as, other disclosures in the most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings. During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. For reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. I'll now turn the call over to Carl Hess, WTW's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Carl Hess: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for WTWs fourth quarter and full year 2023 earnings call. Joining me today is Andrew Krasner, our Chief Financial Officer. WTW ended 2023 on a strong note and has begun 2024 with solid momentum, as we continue to execute on our grow, simplify and transform strategic priorities. In the fourth quarter, our world class solutions and maturing investments in talent helped generate robust organic revenue growth and our transformation program and expense discipline drove adjusted operating margin expansion and solid adjusted diluting earnings per share growth. Our performance steadily improved throughout 2023 and today WTW is stronger, more resilient and better positioned to achieve our goals. We delivered 6% organic revenue growth in the fourth quarter with an adjusted operating margin of 34.2%, up 180 basis points over the prior year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $7.44, an 18% increase year-over-year. For the full year, we had organic revenue growth of 8% above our mid-single digit target. We also drove 110 basis points of year-over-year margin expansion to achieve an adjusted operating margin of 22%, fulfilling our commitment of annual margin expansion. Our adjusted diluting earnings per share were $14.49, an 8% increase over the prior year. We believe these results are the product of our strong global client model, our strategic investments in talent and technology, and our team's hard work and relentless focus on best-in-class delivery. The progress we see within WTW and the enthusiastic response we're receiving from clients give us confidence that our strategies, our people and our investments are aligned with areas that we believe to be the greatest opportunities to drive sustainable, profitable growth and create shareholder value over the long-term. Let me take a few minutes to share the progress we've made and the opportunities ahead of us across our segments. Throughout 2023, our specialization strategy in Risk & Broking was a key driver of growth for both the segment and the enterprise. Our specialty businesses continue to have significantly higher growth than the rest of the segment. This growth, driven in large part by improved client retention, expansion of existing client relationships and our strength and ability to attract new clients and win back old ones, has validated our approach. As a result, specialization continues to be our primary strategic focus in R&B. It allows us to create value for clients by tailoring solutions that close gaps in their risk management profiles. Together with digitization, data and analytics, we can create efficiencies that enable us to provide more timely and effective insurance services. Our approach to specialization is tailored to each geography in which we operate. In 2023, we built out 12 industry verticals in North America. That process is now complete, with colleagues, processes and infrastructure supporting that alignment. Given the success we've seen to date, we're in the process of launching this industry model across Western Europe, and we'll build out more industry verticals in our international region in 2024. This model, together with our global reach, has us positioned to win an outsized share of complex mandates, such as our recent win of a multiyear construction project for a key player in the European energy sector. Our cutting edge data and analytics, and our ability to bring together superior industry and product expertise from our specialist teams across several countries set our proposal apart. We're also making good progress expanding into new and differentiated revenue streams, such as our new managing general underwriter, Verita, which is growing steadily since its initial launch in September. Just in the fourth quarter of 2023, we've onboarded brokers, found premiums, and received submissions from both external and our own brokerage clients. In 2024, we'll focus on their expanding our MGA and MGU strategy to additional geographies. In addition to expanding our business platforms and offerings at Risk & Broking, we're continuing to invest in our people to win new business. Our colleagues who joined us during 2022 and 2023 have become increasingly productive and have brought our talent base back to full strength, as evidenced by the segment's strong organic revenue growth in the second half of 2023. Accordingly, we're now focused we're now focused on strategic and opportunistic talent investments. These investments should enhance our presence capabilities in the lines of business and geographies that we believe offer the greatest growth and profitability potential. We expect these efforts to continue throughout 2024 and beyond. Furthermore, we see opportunity for continued strong new business growth as we work closely to help clients manage a complex and challenging risk environment marked by increasingly costly natural disasters, social inflation, and geopolitical conflicts. In HWC, we've leveraged the strength of our portfolio, driving growth through and across Health, Wealth, and Career, and BD&O. We've made significant progress by staying focused on our core businesses, by making connections across the organization where it adds value for clients, and by simplifying how we work. For example, we maintained or improved client retention rates across all of HWC, including excellent 98% retention rate for our retirement and outsourcing businesses. We added dozens of clients for our signature package solutions like our LifeSight Master Trust and Global Benefits Management offerings. We expanded our relationships with more than 1,500 clients to include at least one new service offering, and we increased the size and scope of our hub teams in key centers around the world to enhance capacity and consistency. Our intense focus on cross-selling and making it simpler to do business with us is paying off. Across industries and services, more clients are coming to WTW for a full suite of solutions. Just to mention a few from this quarter, we had a software development firm move its global benefits consulting and brokerage work to WTW and appoint us to support their employee experience through our Embark portal and our Engage software. A major global financial corporation's simple survey request turned into a multiyear engagement for us that includes supporting the client with attracting and retaining talent and the delivery of a fully integrated total reward solution using one of our portals. And we leveraged our existing pension actuarial and outsourcing relationships with a leading regional health system into support for a rollout of major changes to their health and benefits program, which include the creation of a temporary health and welfare service center. We're confident HWC will provide a solid foundation for growth in 2024. And as we've discussed on prior calls, complexity in the human capital landscape continues to increase, and finding the right solutions to our clients' unique needs in this environment requires a holistic, integrated, and consultative approach. Our ability to move quickly and deliver the right resources at speed helps our clients take advantage of changing conditions and create meaningful opportunities for HWC. I'll highlight two trends we see as tailwinds for 2024. In our health business, clients are continuing to look for ways to address the increasing cost of healthcare around the world. They're turning to us for help with more effective plan management and specialty solutions that can improve their population's health status. And in our retirement business, clients are increasingly looking to capitalize on the change in the rate environment by derisking their pension plans through annuity buy-ins and buy-outs. With the funded status of the largest U.S. corporate pension plans having ended 2023 at 100%, we expect this trend will support growth in that business during 2024. We also expect our growing momentum with smart connections this quarter to continue into 2024 and also extends to cross-selling between our two segments. We continue to arm all our colleagues with a solid understanding of our full range of services and the tools to identify and facilitate cross-segment opportunities. Two large client wins in the fourth quarter illustrate the power of this approach. A P&C insurance solution at a major media company that originated with one of our retirement colleagues and a multiyear health benefits design administration and broking engagement that began with a benefits review arranged by a CRB colleague. The progress we've made in enhancing our growth engines at HWC and R&B over the past two-plus years is also enabling us to drive increased margin expansion. During the fourth quarter, we saw a continuing improvement in productivity and a heightened focus on cost discipline. Similarly, our transformation program continues to drive a significant benefit to our bottom line, enabling us to finish the year strong and to lay the foundation for another year of adjusted operating margin expansion. We realized $37 million of incremental annualized savings from our transformation program during the fourth quarter, bringing the total to $337 million in cumulative annualized savings since the program's inception. Thanks to the success and momentum of the program, we have been able to identify additional savings and accordingly are raising our cumulative run rate transformation savings target from $380 million to $425 million by the end of 2024. Looking ahead, we're confident that we're on the right path to achieve our 2024 targets of continued mid-single digit organic revenue growth, leading to at least $9.9 billion in total revenue, adjusted operating margins of 22.5% to 23.5%, adjusted diluted earnings per share of $15.40 to $17 and additional improvement in our free cash flow margin. Andrew will touch on our 2024 guidance in more detail shortly. In closing, our performance in 2023 reflected our hard work to grow, simplify, and transform our business over the past two-plus years. I'm proud of the progress we've made and excited about the opportunities ahead. Based on our momentum and our healthy pipeline, I'm confident we can deliver continued, sustainable and profitable growth in 2024 and beyond. I want to thank our colleagues for their dedication, service and continued commitment to our clients and to WTW. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Krasner: Thanks Carl. Good morning and thanks for joining us today. As Carl mentioned, we finished the year with strong momentum putting us in a solid position to achieve our 2024 targets. And I'd like to share some further details on our financial results. We delivered organic revenue growth of 6% in the fourth quarter, bringing the full year growth rate to 8%. The ramp up in productivity of our investment hires, our specialization strategy in Risk & Broking and the ongoing demand for our benefits and human capital services in HWC continue to fuel the strong top-line growth. Alongside this robust growth, we also drove margin expansion for both the quarter and full year at the enterprise level and in each of our segments. The result was adjusted diluted earnings per share of $7.44 for the quarter and $14.49 for the year. Next, I'll spend some time reviewing our segment results. Note that to provide comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis unless specifically stated otherwise. Health, Wealth and Career generated revenue growth of 4% compared to the fourth quarter of last year and finished the year with 6% growth. Going into 2024, we feel confident in the outlook and expect another year of similarly positive results for the segment. Revenue for Health increased 6% for the quarter or 5% when excluding the impact of some modest book-of-business activity. We delivered solid growth across all regions driven by increased brokerage income and the continued expansion of our Global Benefits Management client portfolio in Europe and international. Wealth grew 5% in the fourth quarter. Retirement growth was driven by increased project work related to derisking activity in North America as well as additional project work and pension brokerage in Europe. Investments also contributed significantly to growth for the quarter reflecting new client acquisitions and higher fees. Career delivered 6% growth in the quarter driven by increased compensation survey sales, executive compensation and board advisory services and project work related to employee experience. Benefits Delivery and Outsourcing generated 3% growth in the quarter. The increase was driven by higher volumes and placements of Medicare Advantage and life policies in our individual marketplace business and increased project activity and benefits outsourcing. HWC's operating margin increased 150 basis points compared to the prior fourth quarter to 40.5%, primarily driven by transformation savings. For the full year, HWC's operating margin increased 190 basis points over prior year to 28%. Risk & Broking revenue was up an exceptional 12% on an organic basis for the fourth quarter. Interest income was $27 million for the quarter, up $17 million from the fourth quarter last year. Note that beginning with Q1 2024 results, we plan to include the impact of investment income on organic growth at the segment and enterprise levels in our materials. For the full year, Risk & Broking grew 10% organically. We are expecting mid-single digit or better organic revenue growth for the segment in 2024 with continued contributions from our investments in talent and platforms as we identify and pursue opportunities in line with our specialization strategy. Corporate Risk & Broking had another strong quarter, growing 12% and continuing the organic revenue growth trajectory we have seen in the business over the last couple of quarters. Higher levels of new business activity, improved client retention and increased renewal revenue from rate increases drove robust organic revenue growth. Our specialty lines continue to be major contributors to the strong growth performance, led globally by natural resources, facultative, FINEX, financial solutions, crisis management and construction. Strong growth across CRB in Europe was led by P&C, retail, facultative, natural resources and FINEX. North America CRB benefited from strong new business in construction, natural resources, marine, aerospace, real estate and hospitality and leisure, as we saw strong demand in the industries in which we specialize. Our international region also contributed with exceptional organic growth, including strong growth across all sub regions led by Latin America. In the Insurance Consulting & Technology business, revenue was up 8% over the prior year period on top of a strong comparable, driven by increased sales in technology solutions, including strong new business and higher project activity. R&B's operating margin was 32.9% for the fourth quarter, a 460 basis point increase over the prior year fourth quarter. We continue to see our hiring efforts yield strong results and rising productivity, driving greater operating leverage. The margin also benefited from transformation, continued expense discipline and tailwinds from increased interest income, partially offset by some modest foreign exchange activity and investments in people and technology platforms. For the full year, R&B's operating margin increased 60 basis points over prior year to 21.8%. As Carl mentioned, we plan to continue to opportunistically invest in talent and strategic initiatives in the segment in line with our previous announcement. For 2024, we continue to expect margin expansion on a full year basis. Given the business seasonality and uncertain pacing of the investments, please note that the scale of R&B margin expansion may vary from quarter-to-quarter. At the enterprise level, adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 34.2%, a 180 basis point increase over prior year. For the full year, we saw 110 basis points of margin improvement to 22%. The benefits of our transformation program drove a large part of our margin expansion for the year. We had $37 million of incremental annualized transformation savings for the fourth quarter, bringing the total to $337 million since the program's inception. As Carl mentioned, we are raising our transformation savings target to $425 million by the end of 2024. The additional savings will primarily come from technology modernization and process optimization, which we expect to further reduce our cost structure and help unlock additional long-term growth and cost savings opportunities. The total amount of costs to achieve is now estimated at $1.125 billion. Along with their direct return on investment, these additions to the transformation program will serve as the catalyst for additional improvement by creating an infrastructure from which to drive further efficiencies. Our unallocated net was $296 million for the full year of 2023, an increase of $31 million over prior year, primarily due to a headwind from a one-time favorable item reflected in the prior year balance. Foreign exchange was a $0.02 tailwind on adjusted EPS for the quarter and a $0.06 headwind for the year. At current spot rates, we expect foreign exchange to have a $0.02 headwind on adjusted EPS for 2024 with no impact in Q1. We recorded $109 million in pension income for 2023, relatively in line with our expectations. For 2024, we expect $88 million in pension income, with the decrease driven by market performance and interest rate movements. Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 15.7% versus 17.7% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 19.1% compared to 22.2% for the fourth quarter of 2022. Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the year was 16.8% versus 15.4% in the prior year. And lastly, our adjusted tax rate for the year was 20.9% consistent with prior year. Notably, there were nonrecurring items in Q4, which resulted in one-time tax items in our 2023 adjusted tax rate. Excluding these benefits, our adjusted tax rate would have been 22.4% and our adjusted diluted EPS would have been $14.22. We expect our full year adjusted tax rate in 2024 to be closer to our 2023 adjusted tax rate, excluding these one-time benefits. In 2023, we returned nearly $1.4 billion to our shareholders with share repurchases of 1 billion and dividends of $352 million. We continue to execute a disciplined capital allocation strategy and currently view share repurchases as an attractive use of capital to create long-term shareholder value. We expect to continue repurchasing our shares in 2024 under our current share repurchase authority of which approximately 1.3 billion remains. We expect approximately $750 million of share repurchases in 2024 subject to market conditions among other relevant factors. We generated free cash flow of $1.2 billion in 2023, representing a free cash flow margin of 12.6% above our target of 12%. The improvement from the prior year was driven by the non-recurrence of one-time headwinds reflected in the comparable period operating margin expansion and improvement in transacts cash flow. These improvements were partially offset by increased transformation program related costs. Turning to our 2024 financial targets. We continue to expect mid-single digit organic revenue growth as we work towards our revenue goal of $9.9 billion plus. We expect our adjusted operating margin to expand toward the high-end of the 22.5% to 23.5% range. We also expect to deliver on our adjusted diluted earnings per share target of $15.40 to $17. Finally, we expect incremental improvement in our free cash flow margin. Our results for the fourth quarter and full year 2023 are a testament to our continued strategic progress, our operational execution and our colleagues' relentless focus on serving our clients. We are very pleased with our performance and expect our momentum to continue into 2024 as we focus on delivering on our targets. With that, let's open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Gregory Peters: Good morning, everyone and I'm going to say that it does feel like you finally stabilized the platform last year, so it does -- it should bode well for your future. On the mid-single digit guidance outlook for 2024, inside Risk & Broking, can you give us a sense of how you think the benefit on new business and/or versus rate increases is going to run through the Risk & Broking line? And then on the Health, Wealth and Career, the BD&O line was a little weak in the fourth -- lower in the fourth quarter, can you talk about your outlook there?
Carl Hess: Greg, good morning, and thank you that. So starting with R&B, let me begin with the effect of rate and -- which we frankly don't view as a significant headwind or tailwind across the portfolio in terms of how it's mattered for 2023 and going into 2024. The markets remain a bit mixed in terms of what's going on. The effective -- however, the investment we've made over the last few years in talent and the reorientation of the business towards specialization is what we feel has really made a difference for us and will continue to differentiate us going into 2024. I mean, our approach to specialization sets us apart from others in the industry. We've constructed this around specialized businesses not just practices, focused around industry divisions, right? And these are businesses with national or even global P&L's dedicated personnel directly responsible accountable and that just ties to our specialization approach which is resulted in our global lines growing much faster than our overall book as we talked about earlier. With respect to HWC, looking forward, we're very confident in our pipeline and we do anticipate HWC is going to have mid-single digit revenue growth in 2024. The current human capital landscape is highly complex as a result of rising healthcare costs, a changing interest rate environment that affects pension derisking activity and we see these trends as tailwinds for 2024. And as we mentioned in our opening remarks, we expect our growing momentum with our smart connection strategy to continue in 2024 and these increased cross-selling opportunities will be another HWC revenue tailwind.
Gregory Peters: Okay. That makes sense. I wanted to pivot to the free cash flow margin expectations, slide 22 of your investor deck. And what I'm focused on is that 16%-plus long-term objective and I -- looking for some more color inside some of those comments that you made in the slide about where you're going to get some positive benefits and some negative benefits and when you think about getting to that 16%, is that like a five-year target a 10-year target or what kind of parameters are you putting on management around that objective?
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. Hey, Greg. It's Andrew. Thanks for the question. The 12.6% margin in 2023, it was good progress on a year-over-year basis. We do expect incremental improvement in 2024 as we work towards the long-term free cash flow margin target. We expect to see that margin improvement in 2024 and beyond really through three main factors. So, the first one's going to be greater profitability as a result of driving margin expansion. We'll be intent to do this not just through transformation in operating leverage, but also by improving our business mix. For example, deepening our footprint in the area of MGA's, MGU's things of that nature. The second piece is the abatement of the transformation related spend, which we're expecting through the first half of 2025. The third piece is improved cash conversion in the transact business, which we expect to be positive within the next few years, that's going to come as a result of the maturation of the business as well as the improving, changing the product mix within that business. Over the near term, progress on some of those factors is going to be temporarily offset by cash investments in HWC and R&B for product development to support future growth, things like our LifeSight business where we continue to invest, a new ICT software and I also mentioned the MGA and MGU business as an example of that.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. My first question is on the EPS guidance. You guys reaffirmed the guidance that you gave us in July, but it sounds like you expect to come in at the high-end of the operating margin target. And pension I believe is a little bit favorable relative to the midpoint of the guide -- guidance update last summer. So why not up or tighten the range towards the upside. Do you feel like comment could come in towards the upside of the range and maybe there's just some level of conservatism to start the year?
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Elyse. So, we remain confident in the EPS target range of $15.40 to $17 for 2024 that we had set out. As we laid out in our supplemental materials, you can see the puts and takes there, a meaningful portion coming from operating income along with the increase in the share repurchase activity that we mentioned about $750 million expected there. The offset there as you mentioned, some of the reduced pension income that's going to be about a $0.14 share headwinds as well as the increase in interest expense and adjusted tax rate. And when we thought through all of those puts and takes, we felt still very confident about landing within the range there.
Elyse Greenspan: Thanks. So then my second question is on the share repurchase guidance. So Andrew, I think you said $750 million in 2024. That's a lower than what you guys bought back in 2023 yet your free cash flow conversion should improve, right, from the 2023 level. And then I guess even though it's not a 2024 event, right, in the first half of 2025, right, you guys I believe should receive $750 million from the Willis Re earnout. So why would it buybacks be more than $750 million in 2024 or is M&A part of the equation? I'm just trying to square the free cash flow improvement and the lower level of buyback in 2024.
Andrew Krasner: Sure. The $750 million, right, is our expectation for the year. That level is lower than at 2023 where we did $1 billion. You have to keep in mind that throughout 2023, we took on some incremental leverage in May and throughout the year capitalized on the opportunity to buy more shares when there was pressure on the stock price. So the $750 million is not necessarily static. We continuously monitor cash levels, market conditions and if the opportunity presents itself to accelerate, share repurchases will take advantage of it just like we did last year. We continue, as you might expect to, evaluate all of our options for capital allocation as we always have, which does include share buybacks, internal investment and carefully considered strategic M&A as part of that to ensure that we're maximizing value creation for our shareholders.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Cox with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert Cox: Hey, thanks for taking my question. Maybe a similar question to when you've already received on free cash flow in some ways. But if I exclude the $430 million or so cash restructuring charges this year, I get to a free cash flow margin over 17% in 2023, is that correct? And when you think ahead to a future where restructuring spend is zero and the transact free cash flow drag has improved, couldn't there be meaningful upside to the 16% long-term free cash flow margin target. Am I am I thinking about that correctly, or are there any headwinds I'm not considering?
Andrew Krasner: I think generally, over a long-term, I think you're thinking about the math correctly there Rob, and focus you on the plus symbol [ph] after the 16% that we've got in our materials, in our long-term objective there. It does take time for some of those headwinds to evade. Think about transact for example, if that -- when that turns free cash flow positive, it's still a drag on free cash flow margin, right? Because it's not necessarily converting at the same rate at the rest of the business and of course, the revenue there can -- continue to grow as well. So, there's other dynamics that factor into the -- to the margin calculation.
Robert Cox: Okay. Thanks. And just to follow-up on expenses in the Risk & Broking business. Could you talk about the incremental expense savings in the quarter versus last quarter, some of the things that you started to enact last quarter? And then, just some more color on how sustainable those savings are outside of the transformation program?
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. There's -- we talked about I think ongoing expense discipline across the platform that's not just specific to R&D, but we balance the focus on expenses with the revenue growth to make sure that we're looking to generate operating leverage top of the transformation savings across the platform. And obviously, we've been heavily investing in that business, which is weight on that for certain parts during the year. Carl, anything you'd add to that?
Carl Hess: Yeah. I guess, as we've highlighted in prior quarters we have substantial investment in that business principally in talent. And now that our talent base is back to full strength, right, we're concentrating on strategic opportunistic hires to capitalize on the opportunities we see ahead and the geography that we -- offer the greatest potential for profitable growth, right? So I think it's just a momentum story at this point as opposed to a rebuild story which leads to a smoother pattern of expense growth.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Zaremski with BMO. Your line is open.
Michael Zaremski: Great. Good morning. Now back just to the free cash flow and thanks for all the color. I believe you said one of the offsets was cash investments in product development. So, I guess, should we be looking at your historical CapEx ratio divided by revenues and I guess are you alluding to maybe it'd be -- it'll maybe kind of rise to a bit of a higher level than it is currently, is one of the offsets that I want to or am I splitting hairs in terms of some of your commentary?
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. No, it's a good question. Just on the -- I'd say on the margin, right, we would expect it to increase a little bit. You just recall, right, it's been somewhat depressed from a spend ratio perspective over the last couple of years. Obviously, there's been a meaningful uptake as it relates to transformation spend and CapEx, but BAU CapEx, as we continue to build out the platform and invest for the future, would be a modest temporary offset to some of the tailwinds that I mentioned earlier.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. That makes sense. And really good color on the HWC segment. Specifically, it was interesting to hear, retirement, I know Willis has a leading to find benefit retirement solutions segment which I think historically you guys have talked about that being kind of -- not as high of a growth rate or maybe not a lot -- much of a long-term grower, but it sounded like you said in the near term because of the environment, it is a growing business, which is kind of a tailwind to 2024. I just want to make sure I'm understanding those comments correctly.
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. I think you've got that right. We see several factors as working for us going forward and we do have the market leading retirement business, right? Given the economic environment we find ourselves in and the funded status our pension clients enjoy, right, there still remains a substantial appetite for derisking strategies and with funded positions are better, right, that there's the capability to do that is increased. And we're well-equipped to help our clients that journey. In addition, the investments we've made in growing areas of the pension landscape such as the LifeSight business Andrew talked about just earlier, have enabled our growth in a number of economies where these strategies, Master Trust are an attractive place. Our corporate clients to gain efficiency of the provision of retirement.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Your line is open.
Mark Hughes: Yeah. Thanks. Good morning. I wonder if you could just talk a little bit about the transact what your experience was this quarter the BDO business. Organic growth was below average for the business as a whole. Did you see any kind of change in that market? And does it influence your long-term outlook for the business?
Carl Hess: Well, I guess the way we look at it is, we rerun transact for growth opportunities if they're profitable growth opportunities. And if the spend -- we're seeing that's necessary to generate a policy commission is economically sensible. We just don't do it. So, we manage that business I think balancing growth and profits and we this year found ourselves in a place where we made I think very sensible choice given the conditions we're facing.
Andrew Krasner: And just to add one thing to that if you recall, we had some revenue time into Q3 from that business which I think we had mentioned on the last call, so that did factor into the quarterly growth rate within that component of HWC. So I think the best way to think about is if you look at the full year growth rate really representative of where we expect the business to head in the future.
Mark Hughes: Understood. Then, the strategic client engagement, what was the motivation for that and are there any particular verticals that you think are most promising?
Carl Hess: Yeah. I think you're referring to the large complex account team is that, right?
Mark Hughes: Yes, that's right.
Carl Hess: Yeah. I mean we think the combination of our global footprint, our specialization approach and our industry leading analytics offer a compelling proposition to clients facing, the challenges that this macroeconomic environment can lead them to, right? So, the extent we can help our clients manage things like natural disaster, social inflation, geopolitical conflicts, right, our customized tools our specialist approach can help ensure that clients get the best return for their premium dollar across their entire portfolio for instance. That's what that's all about.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Motemaden: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I had a question, you guys had called out. I think it was about a 200 basis points adverse impact to free cash flow margins from transact in 2022. Could you just level set us on? How much of a drag that was in 2023? And then, it sounds like you guys are expecting it to be a free cash flow positive in the near term, which is a little sooner than I'd expected. So, if you could just talk about what's driving that it would be helpful.
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. Sure. We had about 60 basis point year-over-year improvement in the free cash flow margin drag from that business. So, quite pleased with the progress that we've made there at that business matures and as we think through the portfolio of products within transact. The drivers of getting to free cash flow positive within that business, the next few years is know more focus on the product portfolio, different products have different cash conversion profiles so we seek to balance that appropriately. As Carl mentioned, we run that business for profitable growth. So, we're always making trade-off decisions there as part of that. And the business will continue to mature. So we think that will be a contributor to getting us to free cash flow positive within that business as well.
David Motemaden: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you. And then maybe -- just Carl, you had mentioned the specialty businesses have higher growth than the rest of the R&B segment. Could you just put some numbers around that and size how big your specialty businesses are? And what sort of growth rate they're growing at organically?
Carl Hess: Yeah. So, I mean, what we classify as our specialized businesses or our global lines amount to about half of the portfolio for the CRB business. And I think we've -- nearly twice the growth rate, the fair way of looking at it, so you can back into the relative math on that.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with TD Cowen. Your line is open.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey. Good morning. So that R&B growth was an exceptional number at 12%. So I'm kind of curious going forward, looking at new hires, Carl, I think you said that you'd be strategic and opportunistic. How should we think about new hires next year in terms of -- is it going to be flat, up a little down a little? And then just on the strategic client engagement that you just touched on again, I'm still not quite clear on how that helps the he specialty groups. I mean, does it does it slow them down, because now you've got new people involved in the process or -- just want to make sure that -- or understand how that's going to help boost the specialty as opposed to make it a little more complicated?
Carl Hess: Sure. Thanks Andrew for the question. Questions maybe I should say. First of all, with respect to talent acquisition plans, you're correct. I said we're focusing on strategic and opportunistic hiring. We've done I think -- Adam Garrard has done a fabulous job over the last couple years. He's a team of building back this business to full strength. But we're always going to be on the crawl for talent, right? We can find people who are attracted to our proposition who can add value and revenue -- we're going to be in that talent base. With regard to
Andrew Kligerman: The bias would be slightly up in new hires then -- said how I should take the strategies the opportunistic approach.
Carl Hess: I think that -- I would anticipate that we are going to continue to be lookout for talent of the way we have, right, over the last several quarters, right? We don't hire just for the sake of hiring.
Andrew Kligerman: Right.
Carl Hess: With regard to our strategic client engagement, I think I look at it this way. We're trying to deliver best-in-class service to our client base and that involves making sure we understand their risks better than anybody else and that is a specialization and then it's fulfilling their needs, right? There's client engagement which is equally important. So I view this as -- and not a but.
Andrew Krasner: And one of the primary focuses of the strategic client engagement concept is really going to be a focus on the industry verticals, but in particular, think about Fortune 1000 type clients where risk profiles may be more expensive and more complex than other organizations.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar with Jeffries. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good morning, everybody. I guess my first question actually goes back to Elyse's question earlier in the call. When we see guidance and we see some of the underlying pieces move a bit namely where we're seeing higher expectation of cost-saves from restructuring, and at the same time we see the EPS and margin guidance essentially remain unchanged. I just want to make sure and again going back to Elyse's question, is there a degree of conservatism in there or are you seeing some offsets potentially that are keeping you at kind of the unchanged EPS guidance?
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. I think it's probably a little bit of both there. We are want to make sure that we are focused on delivering on our commitments for 2024. And we talked about some of the puts and takes that we expect to play through 2024 as well.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And can you maybe elaborate a little bit on kind of what the variables would be that would get you to the upper end versus the lower end of that guidance? What the main variables that you foresee today are?
Andrew Krasner: If I think the biggest drive there is going to be organic growth, right, that will drive incremental operating leverage above maybe what our current expectations might be. So, I think that would be the biggest -- the biggest factor there.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with Baird. Your line is open.
Mark Marcon: Good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. Two questions. First, on the specialty lines, you said you're basically generating 2x the growth of the general lines. So to what extent or how long do you think you can keep up that higher level of growth on the specialty lines? In other words, are they still relatively new in the market and this is truly differentiated and this can enable you to continue to gain a lot of share? Or did we have a boost because of the talent additions and things will settle out? So, how should we think about that from a longer term perspective?
Carl Hess: So part of this is strategic, right? In that we are focusing on these businesses that's where we are continue to invest and we see a return there. We've been a specialist broker for nearly 200 years right? So, I would hurt you that it's not likely to play itself out over the next couple. We've been doing this very successful, a very long time. The differentiator for us remember is that we're actually organizing the business around this as opposed to on the side of someone's desk and that enables us to focus on delivering enhanced value to superior analytics and client engagement that we think has a very attractive proposition. We don't see that abating.
Mark Marcon: Great. And then can you just talk a little bit about the pension and retirement business? How much of a boost could we end up getting with the change in rates and the ability to derisk? And then to what extent does the -- are you getting any additional engagements just in terms of the news that IBM made with regards to their shift in policy?
Carl Hess: So, I mean, we do see the macroeconomic environment and where the funded position of pension plans are as stimulating demand for buy-ins and buyouts as we've talked about that not just necessarily transacting on them with the analysis that goes into them and the preparation so that that we do think that is helpful for us and our clients going into 2024. We
Andrew Krasner: And some of that will be episodic, right, as clients take on derisking transactions. So it's not going to be any one pattern throughout the year.
Carl Hess: Yeah. And with respect to the client you were alluding to who is -- I guess reopened their defined benefit plan. This is the same where we all come. There's interest out there at least examining this on behalf of other plan sponsors who may be similarly situated. And we're well poised and well positioned to help clients with that evaluation. 
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Maya Shields with Keefe, Bruyette & Woods. Your line is open.
Mark Shields: Great. Thanks. Two quick questions. First, Carl, you talk about having 12 verticals and I was hoping to sort of outline how much of the Fortune 1000 that 12 verticals represent.
Carl Hess: So, I don't think that maps quite right. For instance, one of our industry verticals focuses around alternative capital which you have private equity, right? So this is necessarily a public equity strategy, nor is it confined to the large market, right? We see -- the industry verticals stretch down to smaller organizations as well. So the answer is there's significant coverage across corporate America with our industry verticals. Some of them are quite broad and some of them are quite focused on areas where we think we can deliver particular value, say hospitality.
Mark Shields: Okay. No, fair enough. Second and I'm not really sure how to ask this question, but you talked about how Adams brought back the staffing to full levels. Did we see full productivity from that group overall in either the fourth quarter of 2023 -- over the course of 2023 year, is still some momentum for the this newest cadre to expand productivity or expand margin?
Carl Hess: Very much the latter. We do see. While we're very happy with the progress both our existing colleagues and our newer colleagues have made. We do see increased productivity as being part of the picture for our last cohorts of hires. Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Joshua Shanker: Yeah. Thank you very much for putting me again. I just want to back a question Greg was asking at the beginning about the difference in the growth rates of the various segments. In aggregate, the growth seems pretty orderly, but by segments there seems to be a lot of volatility. Should we expect in the coming quarters that the segment organic growth rate will be volatile? That's the right way to think about how your business operates? Or should we expect there to be a general run rate where there's a trend from the previous quarter that might influence the next quarter?
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. I think you're I think you're asking about sequential growth rates, parts of our business are seasonal. And we do have timing things which play out periodically between quarters year-to-year, so that is something to keep in mind and that is why we tend to focus on full year growth rates for our businesses.
Joshua Shanker: Does the seasonality shown in 2023 represent a seasonality that we should consider in the 2024 year?
Andrew Krasner: For the most part, I think throughout the year we call out a couple of unusual things. For example, the timing of BD&O between Q4 and Q3 revenue and I think there were a couple of other things throughout the year. And of course, you got to think about the impact of the book sales where we had some swings in some of the quarters where they were larger amounts of those, but expect to be through that largely going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Mike Ward with City. Your line is open.
Michael Ward: Hey, guys. Thanks. Good morning. I was just curious, the margin guide relatively consistent, but you've spoken to some incremental savings. So just wondering if we should think about those savings maybe being offset by some costs? Could that actually benefit 2025 margins?
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. So, as I had mentioned as regards -- with regard to the 2024 margin target, we do expect to be toward the higher end of that range. There's obviously some benefits from incremental savings that we talked about and the investments that we're making are really for. Future growth opportunities, but also will help us unlock additional operating leverage opportunities in the future. So we do think they'll be continual tailwinds beyond 2024 for some of the investments we're making now this year.
Michael Ward: Okay. Thanks. And then you spoke into some of the booking in the quarter. Wondering if you could talk about where attrition is running? If 2024 is kind of a normal year, just curious how much of a headwind we should expect this year for booking?
Andrew Krasner: No, we expect to return back towards our historical normal level, so we don't expect any significant headwinds or tailwinds from booking going forward.
Carl Hess: I would just add sort of thinking about attrition the overall level for the company, we are back down to well within the range we've had historically. So, a very manageable situation for us.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yeah. Thank you fit me. And Carl, I'm just curious, on the 10% organic growth you had for the year in R&B, you mentioned that it was new business and it was retentions. Is a way to kind of parse that out and how much of the kind of growth was client retention? Are you back to kind of your historical client retention levels, or is there more room for that to improve?
Carl Hess: We are back which is great to see and that is the results superior client service I think that we have many, many, many colleagues. I do not rest on our laurels, but it's very nice to be where we are. Our performance new business has been just really first rate and very proud of the effort of the team is made of representing what we can do with WTW in the marketplace.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you. And then the second question. I'm just curious with your 2024 outlook, what is the baseline assumption with respect to economic growth and inflation as you kind of look out to -- you expect things to continue the way they, are any type of change?
Carl Hess: I think continue the way they are over -- not looking too far back in the mirror on that one. We're not sort of anticipating incredible economic dislocation, nor are we sort of looking toward the incredible geopolitical dislocation. But we do recognize there's a lot of volatility out there. That is not -- not necessarily great for our clients, but it does mean that there's more opportunities for us to help them manage that volatility.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no further questions in the queue. I would now like to turn the call back over to Carl Hess for closing remarks.
End of Q&A:
Carl Hess: So, thank you all again for joining us. I appreciate all of our WTW colleagues globally who have worked tirelessly to help us end the year on such a strong note. I am proud of everything we've achieved in 2023. I look forward to us keeping up the momentum for 2024.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-10-26 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the WTW Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to the wtwco.com for the press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next three months on WTW's website. Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, Investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning, as well as, other disclosures in the most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings. During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. For reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. I'll now turn the call over to Carl Hess, WTW's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Carl Hess: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for WTWs third quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Joining me today is Andrew Krasner, our Chief Financial Officer. We had a strong third quarter, delivering 9% organic revenue growth and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.24, maintaining our top-line momentum as we continue to execute on our strategic priorities. Excluding book of business activity, organic revenue growth at the enterprise level would have been 10%. This solid result was fueled by the great efforts of our colleagues, the strength of our global client model, the investments we've made in talent and technology, and the resiliency of our business. Notably, our bottom-line performance this quarter was driven by 170 basis points of year-over-year adjusted operating margin expansion. The positive impacts of both our recent cost-saving measures and the growing productivity of our new hires led to a strong finish for the quarter. Additionally, we realized $23 million of incremental annualized savings from our transformation program during the third quarter. This brings the total to $300 million in cumulative annualized savings since the program's inception. We are well-positioned for further adjusted operating margin expansion over the long term, driven by organic revenue growth from our unique offerings and strategic hires, the continued progress of our transformation program, and a strengthened focus on cost discipline. In the near term, we expect year-over-year margin expansion for the fourth quarter and the full year as a result of operating leverage and increasing contributions from our expense management initiatives. We're pleased with our third quarter performance, and our progress gives us confidence in our ability to drive profitable growth and create value over the long-term. As I touched on last quarter, our focus on specialization and our risk and broking segment has been one of the key drivers of our strong organic growth. We've generated substantial momentum by developing innovative products and services, engaging in strategic partnerships, and building platforms like MGAs, MGUs, and affinity products. For example, one of our major client wins for the quarter included an affinity solution that delivers compelling insurance products via digital channels to customers of a major manufacturer of luxury vehicles. This showcased our specialized expertise in the automotive industry and high net worth personal lines of business, as well as our successful track record in global affinity insurance programs. Our strategic focus on specialization continues to drive strong growth in our specialty lines, which continue to grow much faster than our average R&D growth. As we've mentioned last quarter, based on the strong market response we've seen to date, we're expanding our pursuit of these initiatives. For example, we recently announced the WTW will launch Verita, a new MGU focused on select industries, which will further advance our specialization strategy in risk and broking in North America. Verita will initially focus on the industry verticals of real estate, hospitality and leisure, financial institutions, and professional services. Our team's deep knowledge of these industries, together with our insurance expertise, will enable Verita to have a comprehensive understanding of our clients' risks. This will allow us to offer best-in-class, holistic insurance solutions while maintaining underwriting discipline. The target customers for Verita are growing companies seeking more flexible, tailored insurance solutions. And over time, we aim to expand Verita into more industries as we grow the platform. Our analytic tools and expertise in insurance advisory and brokerage give our clients confidence that they're getting the best value for their premium dollars. This quarter, our portfolio was expanded to include the global actuarial review for a leading P&C insurer and the brokerage of a global renewal energy program by a world-class player in the energy sector. Data analytics and specialty expertise are also key growth drivers for our health, wealth, and career segment. For example, we've had record success for our compensation benchmarking participation in sales, with more than 43,000 companies participating in our surveys at the end of September, and we've introduced new talent intelligence reports, which examine hot skills and high-demand jobs across industries to help our clients make better-informed decisions on work and rewards issues. We've also continued to build our healthcare benchmarking and specialty services. Earlier this year, we enhanced our pharmacy offering with an expansion of our RX collaborative and a new product for mid-market organizations. This past quarter, we launched two new pharmacy partnerships to help plan members save on costs. Another key to our HWC success is the differentiated smart connections we're making across distances and geographies. A client's simple request for data can lead to additional consulting opportunities for us. It's also done to enhance our solutions systematically. Our updated workforce management offering, which combines financial analysis, health assessment, and communication tools, is but one example that led to millions of dollars of incremental revenue this past quarter. Another example is our life site solution, our defined contribution pooled employer plan. We've expanded life site to the U.S. earlier this year and are pleased to report that we've contracted with our first U.S. client, while we added clients with $2.5 billion of asset value in Great Britain, Ireland, and Belgium. Across WTW, the confluence of innovation and collaboration is driving consistent, sustainable growth. I'm energized by how our journey to one WTW is increasingly delivering new opportunities made possible by bringing together our diverse capabilities. Finally, I want to touch on capital allocation. As we've said in the past, we'll continue to take a balanced approach with a focus on allocating our capital to the highest return opportunities. In the third quarter, we bought back $350 million of stock and expanded our repurchase authorization, demonstrating that share repurchases remain our top priority. As we enter the fourth quarter, I'm encouraged by the strong client response to the hard work we've done growing, simplifying, and transforming our business. We continue to see momentum building as our unique offerings help clients evaluate and manage their risks and opportunities in a complex macro environment. We are committed to harnessing this momentum to drive greater operating leverage over time. We believe that our transformation program and disciplined expense management, combined with consistent and sustainable growth opportunities, will support near-term and long-term margin expansion. I want to thank our colleagues for their performance this quarter. I'm truly appreciative of their dedication, service, and continued commitment to our vision. Now, before turning it over to Andrew, I'd also like to acknowledge the escalating conflict in the Middle East. The violence, devastation, loss of life, and impact on innocent civilians are profoundly saddening. Our primary focus in times of tragedy is on the safety of our colleagues and their families. Thankfully, our colleagues who work in the region continue to be safe. We remain in regular contact and are providing the assistance they need. We support all of our colleagues and clients, as well as their friends and family in the region, as they cope with this difficult situation. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, Carl. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. As Carl mentioned, our third quarter revenue was up 9% on an organic basis, and excluding Book of Business activity, organic revenue growth would have been 10%. This growth reflects the increasing productivity of our new hires and the impact of our strategic focus on specialization in Risk & Broking and increased demand from clients seeking solutions to manage the impact of inflation on healthcare costs, pensions, retirement plans, and human capital in HWC. I'm very pleased with the progress of our transformation program, which delivered $23 million of incremental annualized savings during the third quarter. This brings the total to $151 million in cumulative annualized savings this year. Our progress on the transformation program and our strength and focus on cost management will help us drive continued operating leverage. I will now discuss our detailed segment results. Note that to provide comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. Health, wealth, and career generated revenue growth of 9% on an organic basis and 8% on a constant currency basis compared to the third quarter of last year. We feel confident in our pipeline and anticipate that the segment will finish off the year with good results and in line with historical trends. Revenue for health increased 7% for the quarter or 8% without considering the impact of book of business activity. We delivered solid growth across all regions driven by the continued expansion of our global benefits management client portfolio, new local clients, expanding consulting work for existing clients and increased brokerage income. Wealth grew 7% in the third quarter. The growth was primarily attributable to strong momentum in retirement, with increased de-risking activity and consulting work in North America. Retirement also grew in Europe as a result of de-risking work, regulatory compliance support, and pension brokerage. Investments grew as a result of new client acquisitions and higher fees, which more than offset headwinds from the negative impact of capital market performance. Career delivered 8% growth in the quarter driven by increased compensation survey sales, executive compensation work, and other work-based advisory services, including pay transparency work and change communication services. Benefits delivery and outsourcing generated 14% growth in the quarter. The increase was driven by strength in outsourcing for new clients and increased compliance and other project activity in the individual marketplace with growth from higher volumes and placements of life and Medicare Advantage policies. As a reminder, we typically generate about 50% of the revenue for our individual marketplace business during the fourth quarter, and we expect the growth next quarter to be relatively in line with historical trends. HWC's operating margin increased 350 basis points from the prior year third quarter to 23.8%. This margin increase was attributable to both improved operating leverage and transformation savings. Operating leverage was driven by a positive spread with revenue outpacing expense growth and some timing between quarters. Risk & Broking revenue was up 10% on both an organic and constant currency basis compared to the prior year of third quarter. Excluding the $10 million year-over-year impact from book of business activity, Risk & Broking grew at an exceptional 12%. As a reminder, there were about 10 million of book of business sales in R&B in the fourth quarter of 2022. We currently expect a similar amount of book of business settlements next quarter, and therefore do not expect a meaningful year-over-year impact from book of business activity in Q4. However, the timing for settlements can be difficult to predict and may drag into the following year. Corporate Risk & Broking had another strong quarter, delivering organic revenue growth of 10% and continuing the positive growth trajectory we have seen over recent quarters. Excluding book of business activity, CRB grew at 12%. This result was primarily driven by strong new business growth and improved client retention. Pricing had a moderate positive impact on the quarter. Interest income was up $19 million for the quarter due to higher rates and the reclassification of interest income previously recorded in corporate. As noted last quarter, due to the cessation of the co-broking agreement with Gallagher, interest income directly associated with Risk & Broking fiduciary funds is now allocated to this segment. The exceptional growth in Q3 was also driven by continued strong return on investment in our specialty lines. Globally, the strongest growth came from our facultative, financial solutions, natural resources, surety and construction lines of business. Europe had the exceptional quarter with double digit growth in a number of countries led by our P&C retail and direct business, as well as construction, aerospace and financial solutions. International also contributed to strong organic growth led by Latin America. North America benefited from strong new business and increased client retention across most lines of business, despite headwinds in our M&A business and from the impact of book of business activity. In the insurance consulting and technology business, revenue is up 9% over the prior year period, driven by increased sales and technology solutions, including strong new business and higher project activity. R&B's operating margin was 15.7% for the third quarter, an increase of 200 basis points compared to the prior year third quarter. The expected ramp up in production from our strategic hiring efforts drew greater operating leverage, while tailwinds from increased interest income were offset by headwinds from gain on sale activity and foreign currency. Increased contribution from transformation, as well as targeted expense management measures we put in place earlier this year, also contributed meaningfully to margin expansion. We are beginning to see our expense management actions deliver results, including coordinated efforts on reducing spend for internal travel and vendor spend. We continue to expect these actions to benefit our margin next quarter. Turning back to enterprise level results, our adjusted operating margin was 16.2%, a 170 basis point increase over prior year. Excluding book of business activity, the margin would have increased 220 basis points year-over-year, benefiting from transformation savings, as well as the impact of interest income. The net result was adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.24. Foreign exchange had minimal impact on EPS for this third quarter. Assuming today's rates continue for the remainder of the year, we now expect a foreign currency headwind on adjusted earnings for share of $0.07 for the year. Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 15.5% versus 0.7% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 24.3% compared to 16.8% in the prior year, reflecting the non-recurring nature of discrete tax benefits reflected in the prior year rate. We continue to expect the full year adjusted tax rate to be modestly above the prior year. Our strong balance sheet gives us continued confidence in our ability to execute a disciplined capital allocation strategy that balances capital return to shareholders with internal investments and strategic M&A to deploy our capital in what we believe to be the highest return opportunities. During the quarter, we paid $88 million in dividends and repurchased approximately 1.7 million shares for $350 million. As Carl mentioned, we continue to view share repurchases as an attractive use of capital to create long-term shareholder value. Last month, we raised our repurchase authorization by $1 billion, of which approximately $1.5 billion remains. In the first half of the year, we had about $450 million of share repurchases. We expect a similar amount for the second half of the year, subject to market conditions, among other relevant factors. Additionally, we repaid $250 million of debt that matured during the quarter with a portion of the proceeds from our May debt issuance. Year to date, we have generated free cash flow of $707 million compared to free cash flow of $337 million during the same period in the prior year. The improvement of $370 [ph] million was due to the non-recurrence of prior year headwinds, including realized losses on foreign currency hedges, payments made in the prior year for certain discretionary compensation, and taxes for one-time gains recorded  in connection with the Willis resale and the deal termination payment. These tailwinds were partially offset by increased transformation program-related costs. We are very pleased with our improving business performance and expect this momentum to continue for the rest of the year. I am very proud of the leadership team and the resolve of our colleagues in the continued support of our clients. Our investments in talent, innovation, and operational transformation have helped drive organic revenue growth, and we are confident that this will translate into sustained growth in margins, EPS, and free cash flow. And with that, let's open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question or comment comes from the line of C. Gregory Peters from Raymond James. Mr. Peters, your line is open. Mr. Peters, you may need to unmute your line. Okay. We're returning to the queue. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Christian Gestoff [ph] from Wells Fargo Securities. Mr. Gestoff,  your line is open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning. How are you? Quick question on the -- so the full-year R&B margin expansion for the full year. So if we do the math, that kind of implies over 300 bps expansion in the Q4. And assuming the math is correct on that, like what is going to be the biggest driver of that in terms of, is it coming from organic revenue growth? Is it lower growth and expenses? And for that full-year margin expansion, is that inclusive of the higher interest income?
Andrew Krasner: Yep, thanks for your question. Yes, it is on a reported basis, the full-year margin expansion expectation. And that is something that we still expect to see for the full year. That we believe will be driven by a number of factors. First of all, Q4 has the most operating leverage built into it. It's historically R&B's highest revenue quarter with the most new business opportunities. And we expect to continue with strong organic revenue growth for the rest of the year. So the potential to drive operating leverage on our fixed expense base is greater. We also expect to see continued impact of our actions to mitigate some of the expense headwinds. The results of those we've already begun to see this quarter. There are also continuing benefits from our transformation program. And additionally, the strategic hires that we've made have begun to contribute to our performance in a very meaningful way, which you can see this quarter in organic growth. We continue to expect a ramp up in production, which we anticipate will cover the increase in expenses, especially in Q4, when we seasonally have the most revenue.
Unidentified Analyst: Makes sense. And then for my second question, there's been talk about Willis looking to get back into the reinsurance broking business. Can you comment on this or provide any color or whether or not you would consider re-entering the business?
Carl Hess: Sure. Thanks for the question. Reinsurance is a natural fit with retail broking businesses. Many of our peers operate these businesses. We did so successfully as well. And with our non-compete with AJG soon expiring, we are able to add reinsurance to the universe of capital allocations that we consider. We've remained well connected to the reinsurance markets. We have both a deep understanding of the strategic value of reinsurance brokerage for our business and a healthy appreciation for current market conditions as well. So, I think Ill look at it this way. I'm not going to comment on any hypotheticals regarding capital allocation decisions or potential M&A transactions. When evaluating our opportunity here, we look at it compared to any other opportunity we might have as a business. The full range of capital allocation opportunities we have, including share repurchases, as we've said in prior quarters, and we'll only pursue something if the expected returns and value creation potential are compelling versus other options we have. So I think I'll leave it at that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line. Again, we'll try Mr. Gregory Peters from Raymond James. Mr. Peters, your line is open. Mr. Peters, you may need to unmute your phone. Okay. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mr. Rob Cox from Goldman Sachs. Mr. Cox, your line is now open. Mr. Cox, you may need to unmute your line.
Rob Cox: Hi. Can you hear me?
Operator: Yes, sir.
Rob Cox: Hi. Yes, thanks. So yes, my first question on organic growth. Year-to-date organic growth is 8%, accelerated across the board in the quarter. And comments in the presentations were for expectations for the client pipeline momentum to continue. So, in that context, should we be interpreting the mid-single-digit guidance for the full year as conservatism? Any more color on that would be appreciated.
Carl Hess: Well, I mean, we're quite pleased with our progress and the growth we've shown this year. We see potential upside and we feel optimistic about the paths to achieve that upside to our originally stated objectives. We're looking to capitalize on momentum and there are a number of ways we're trying to do that. Our strategic focus on specialization R&B continues to drive growth in our specialty lines that substantially outpace R&B as a whole. We are seeing stronger growth in HWC, which is supported by increasing demand in a complex macro environment. For example, healthcare cost inflation and the changing ways of working are fueling demand for what we offer in terms of smart advice, creative solutions, better data and analytics. And in our wealth business, right, the investments portion of these capital markets remained relatively stable. We should see some improvement there as well.
Andrew Krasner: And just to add to that, in Q4, if you think about some of the segment expectations, in HWC, we're expecting organic revenue growth in line with Q4 rates for the last several years. In Risk & Broking, again, we're confident that we'll continue with the robust organic revenue growth that we've seen so far this year. And of course, all of that feeds into margin. Year to date, we've generated adjusted operating margin expansion of 70 basis points at the enterprise level. And we continue to expect adjusted operating margin expansion for the full year.
Rob Cox: Got it. Appreciate all the color. And then maybe just on buybacks, I think you had previously guided to a similar level of buybacks in the back half of the year, but you're running well ahead of that, sort of thus far. Can you talk about how you view share buybacks from here and kind of your updated outlook on buybacks in Q4 and beyond?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. We, going into the quarter, have a baseline of $100 million or so of share repurchase expectations. But we do constantly look for opportunities to deploy capital to the highest return opportunities. And depending on market conditions, et cetera, return profiles, we'll look to be opportunistic to do more if it's appropriate.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mark Hughes from Truist Securities. Mr. Hughes, your line is open.
Mark Hughes: Yes, thank you very much. Good morning. What's the visibility for the de-risking to continue? How much of a pipeline do you have there? And how are market conditions contributing to that?
Carl Hess: Thanks. Yes, I mean, market conditions have been reasonable, especially with respect to bulk lump sum activity, and with pension funds in general still better funded than they were in prior years. We are seeing -- people looking at annuity purchase and buyout options as well. Part of our strong results in BD&O during the quarter were the result of preparation with bulk lump sum programs. And while those conditions may be more temporal, we do think that plan sponsors have more options and will consider their options. And we are fortunate that they use us to consider those options.
Mark Hughes: And then Verita, you talked about the meaningful expansion there. When will that be big enough to kind of influence organic growth?
Carl Hess: It's early days yet. We think we have a very good proposition. For Verita, we are launching it at a controllable size across a number of industry verticals. If the reception is as we hope, we will expand that to additional industries and additional geographies over time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from Michael Zaremski from BMO. Mr. Zaremski, your line is open.
Michael Zaremski: Hey, good morning. I guess back to the commentary about reinsurance. Clearly, we all appreciate that that's a great business. You guys did a great job in that business in the past. So it makes sense what you're saying. I guess my question is, given that reinsurance has a great margin profile, it's seen -- by some investors it seen as being an expensive proposition to get into -- to grow into over time. So, if that was the path Willis took, is it -- could it be done within the context of guidance, for the 2024 guidance? Or is that sacred? Or is this a board level conversation where you might be willing to change that guidance if the decision was to make this a big commitment?
Andrew Krasner: I think the way I would phrase it is it's within the context of the guidance we had. This is the strategic direction. And we look at what the potential path of spend and revenue might be in the context of our overall strategy. And yes, it's an attractive business, but there are other attractive possibilities as well. We want to be judicious on how we approach any such decision.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. That's helpful. And I guess, switching gears a bit, there's a lot of -- we can clearly see that margins improved more than expected with this quarter, which is great to see. And you had a lot of commentary about strengthened discipline on costs, but you've also had this expense program in place for a while. Is just kind of  did something change recently that you've put, they're just more hitting the bottom line, or is it really just the operating leverage and the strategic hires and that dynamic really taking fold?
Andrew Krasner: It's actually all of that. Clearly, with the strong organic growth combined with the expense discipline and the transformation results, we generate strong margin accretion. We've been maintaining discipline with respect to our cost structure, especially as the inflationary environment has put pressure on some of our costs. We did take some specific actions regarding travel expenses, looking at vendor spend and some targeted management of marketing costs. In addition, as it specifically relates to the transformation program, now that we've optimized processes and improved our technology as part of that program, we've been able to take some workforce-related actions, which enhanced some of the leverage that you're seeing come through.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stefil. Mr. Rosenbaum, your line is open.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi. Thank you for taking my questions. I just wanted to ask a little bit about some of the comments on timing of expenses, benefiting margins in health and welfare segment. Can you just give us a little bit more detail on what that was and how investors should consider that with regard to the fourth quarter expectations? Similarly, sometimes there's timing items that benefit organic revenue growth, like the survey work can sometimes move between third and fourth quarter, where you'll end up with software sales or something. Was there anything unusual in terms of any of those things? So just kind of timing in both expenses and revenue?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. Why don't I take you through the pieces of HWC's organic growth? There was 9% for the quarter. Across the segment there was strong demand driven by the complex macro environment, our strategic focus on cross-selling and data and analytics. We feel very confident about the pipeline that we'll be able to finish off the year with good results in line with recent historical trends for Q4 growth. Within BD&O, which had 14%, there was organic growth driven by new clients and increased compliance and other project activity and outsourcing and growth from higher volumes and placements of life and Medicare Advantage in individual marketplace. In wealth, 7% was generated from higher levels of retirement work in North America and Europe, along with new client acquisitions and higher fees and investments. Health, which was 7% or 8% excluding the book of business headwinds. There was organic growth driven by continued expansion of our global benefits management client portfolio, new local clients, expanded consulting work for existing clients and increased brokerage income. Career, which was 8%, had organic growth driven by increased compensation survey sales, executive compensation, and other reward-based advisory services, including trade pay transparency and some change communication services. Within BD&O, which had the 14% growth, I think it's important to point out what was driving that and what we might expect going forward. So that was driven, like I said, by both project work and outsourcing, as well as TRANZACT. TRANZACTs growth for the quarter is also timing related, and given that this is one of their lowest revenue quarters of the year-over-year impact becomes magnified. So, and again, the best way to think about TRANZACT's growth is on a full-year basis, and we expect that to be substantially similar to the full year 2022.
Carl Hess: We've got a couple points of color commentary in there to address sort of Q2, Q3, Q4 differential. I mean, you talked about our survey business. Demand for there has actually stayed quite strong, and that's the fastest growing area within career. Within health, the uptick in healthcare costs did cause quite a bit of activity during the quarter. I think that as you look to farther out, for managing healthcare costs will continue to be a priority for our client base, but now we're into sort of enrollment season, and largely sort of those design actions which were taken during Q2 and Q3 in anticipation of enrollment. That's not a Q4 activity typically for our client base. So -- and then retirement, the business had an awful lot of delivery during the summer months and sort of effective strategic projects and some of the de-risking activity we talked about earlier in the call. So, we were very comfortable with longer-term prospects for the business.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: What about the expense items, though? That's part of, like, the question. I see a lot of some of this you're discussing the revenue, but where there's some expense items, it seems like we're moving back. Timing of some of them, can you just discuss what exactly that meant?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, nothing of note. It was primarily the expanded growth in the top line that was really flowing through to the margin is what you're seeing.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. Thank you.
Andrew Krasner: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of David Motemaden from Evercore ISI. Mr. Motemaden, your line is now open.
David Motemaden: Thanks. Good morning. I just had a question on the R&B segment organic growth. I'm wondering if you could just size the contribution to organic growth from the new hires or the ramp-up of the hiring that you guys have done over the last several years. And also just wondering, I think we're 9 to twelve months into the ramp-up period. So if we kind of pass the peak incremental contribution of the new hires. And so we'll just continue to get contribution going forward, incremental contribution going forward. Would it'll just be at lower levels or am I not thinking about that right?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So, we're not going to get into these specific contributions of recent hires. But to your latter point, we're 12 to 18 months in if you think about for the first cohort of folks that we had hired. And those are at or near expected production levels. However we did hire after that first round of hiring as well, it's been a continuous process. So we do expect increasing contributions from enhanced productivity from those hires as time progresses. So we do think there's more room to run there.
David Motemaden: Got it. But the big cohort I guess is fully ramped is what it sounds like. Is that correct?
Andrew Krasner: The hiring process was a bit more continuous than that. So there's not just one big lump of people. All hired in the same quarter. It was a more gradual build-up. I think you may be sort of the way you're phrasing it. So I think we still and as we said, in terms of or re-productivity from the group as a whole.
David Motemaden: Got it. Understood. And then just my follow-up. So I heard the commentary on the individual marketplace driving the health, wealth, career, organic and the 14 and in BDO, was TRANZACT was a driver there. It didn't look like that had adverse of an impact to free cash flow as I would have thought. So, was there anything you did in the quarter to help minimize that impact? Or was it just too small of a revenue contribution number given what you said about it being a small base that it just didn't really have an impact on free cash flow in the quarter?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think two things there. One, it is relatively small contributor in that quarter overall. The second thing I'd say is, one of our key focus areas has been to work to improve the free cash flow dynamics around TRANZACT, and that includes balancing our Medicare Advantage portfolio with the mix of products that have different or better free cash flow conversion profiles, things like life insurance policies. So we are reorienting the portfolio a bit has helped enhance that profile of that business, and that's one of the steps that we're taking to get that business to be free cash flow positive over the next few years.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from a line of Yaron Kinar from Jeffries. Mr. Kinar, your line is now open.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you. Good morning. Follow-up question on one of the comments you made on maybe curtailing T&E expenses and vendor spend. How do you  obviously, one of the challenges you have as managers is balancing between organic growth margin improvement and free cash flows. Ultimately pushing that lever I would think could impact organic growth to some extent. So how do you think about the two and the impact you would have on organic?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, good question. And the answer is, yes, we are balancing between things. But there are places with better just simply to be easier to cover others, right. Internal travel isn't directly tied to client revenue going to see clients. So we've just asked people to be smart about how they spend their travel dollar. And just being a bit better organized can help tailoring several client visits together perhaps combined if you're a senior management with an office visit can be a far more productive spent. And I'm really pleased how our team has responded to the call for better discipline in this room.
Yaron Kinar: That makes sense. Thank you. And then going back to the appetite for the reinsurance business or getting back into that business, I think one of the challenges that we've looked at from the outside is just scalability and also the absence of any very large assets that you could pursue inorganically. So assuming that it is something that you'd want to pursue, ultimately does that have an impact on the business over the next few years? Or is it really going to be in build-out mode for a very long time before we actually see more substantial results?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. If there's something that we decide to act upon, we would expect to do so in a very thoughtful manner, recognizing the obligations and commitments that we've made. And we'll do so in a very disciplined fashion. And we recognize the what the inorganic options look like and have to balance that from a strategic perspective with what an organic build might look like and the timescale for that. We just got to be disciplined and thoughtful about how we approach that if that is something that we decide to act on in the future.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Michael Ward from Citi. Mr. Ward, your line is now open.
Michael Ward: Thanks guys. Good morning.
Andrew Krasner: Would you start the question, Michael?
Michael Ward: Yes, sorry about that. I was just wondering if you could maybe unpack the sources of organic growth acceleration in CRB, which global lines you see is driving organic growth the most over the next 12 months?
Carl Hess: Yes. So, if you look at our global lines there. In general we're having great success in the marketplace, probably the biggest differentiator is what's happening in rate. And I think it's pretty well known that D&O market particularly has seen significant rate reductions which does have an effect on our overall revenue in the area. So, good results despite a headwind from rate in that particular line. We are seeing very good success across all our global lines. And I think it's -- what we say is, where we specialize we win and that's a good testament to that. Probably the other area I call out is facing a headwind has been in our M&A business where simply there's been much less M&A activity. And so as a result our revenues in the area along with everybody else have been under pressure. Of course this is a very interest rate sensitive business, so we've seen some benefit on the interest income side of the balance sheet that mitigates that.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. And we did see solid performance across the broad portfolio, across all geographies. We did have a large increase in new business which we were very happy to see and versus prior year, and we also had really strong retention rates which did contribute to the top line. And we do see very clearly the benefits of the specialization and focus, and we did see double-digit growth across almost all of our global lines of business this quarter.
Michael Ward: Awesome. Thanks. And then maybe the cash flow improvement in the quarter. It was up over $200 million. I think with $75 from working capital. Just wondering any actions you can call out, and if you could quantify the transformation in cash flow impact?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So the improvement of 370 was primarily due to the non-recurrence of some of the prior year headwinds. We talked a little bit about the FX hedges, discretionary comp payments made in the past and some taxes. And those tailwinds were partially offset by the increased transformation program related costs. We're continuing to expect an incremental increase of approximately $150 million in cash spent related to the transformation program and that's for the full year.
Operator: Thank you our next question or comment comes from the line of Mark Marcon from R.W. Baird. Mr. Marcon, your line is now open.
Mark Marcon: Good morning Carl, Andrew, I've followed you since the very first days of Watson Wyatt. I don't think I've ever seen a quarter where we had such a broad based improvement with regards to the organic growth rates across every single line of business. I'm wondering, was there anything that has changed internally in terms of incentive systems, discussions with regards to goals objectives that led to such a broad based improvement. You mentioned that you're becoming more disciplined in terms of T&E. But I'm wondering if that's part of a broader focus on operational discipline?
Carl Hess: We are trying to become a more disciplined organization. I think I've been saying that since we first announced the grow, simplify, and transform program in late 2021. We are  I'm very proud of the efforts that our colleagues have made to produce these results. And not me and Andrew, that is 46,000 plus of us all pointing in the right direction. And it's nice when the stars align. But no, there's nothing in terms of underlying change in compensation programs, et cetera, that's driving this. It's 46,000 people's part.
Mark Marcon: It's always interesting when 46,000 all change over the course of a couple of quarters. So, the second question is, the guide for the full year basically implies a de-sell [ph]. You mentioned that is conservative. Obviously, BDO and TRANZACT are a huge swing factor with regards to the fourth quarter. Can you just discuss  we only have two months and a few days left in this quarter. Can you just discuss how does the enrollment season look? What are the trends? Is that the biggest swing factor that is basically keeping you from raising the full year guide given the strong momentum that we currently have?
Carl Hess: Yes. I think it's still way too early in enrollment season to make any predictions about trend, et cetera. We've been at this a while and I think it's a bit of a mug scheme. With respect to how we think demand is within the businesses. I think we alluded to that at a reasonably detailed level earlier in the call. There is some activity that we enjoyed during the summer, especially with respect to benefit redesign and de-risking that just -- we don't expect to be as big a force in Q4. And the, BDO will do what BDO does in enrollment season.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mark Shields from KBW. Mr. Shields, your line is now open.
Mark Shields: Great. Good morning. Can you hear me?
Carl Hess: Yes, Mark.
Mark Shields: Okay. Sorry. My phone's been a little bit lumpy today. I guess first question, with respect to TRANZACT, I understand that it's still sort of generating negative cash flows. Do we have line of sight in terms of when the annual negative cash flows don't get worse on a year-over-year basis?
Andrew Krasner: Sorry, I'm trying to answer your question. When it won't get worse on a year-over-year basis?
Mark Shields: Right. In other words, I'm looking at two hurdles. One is, ultimately, cash flow positive. But before that, I would imagine that it generates negative cash flow, but not as much as the prior year?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. That's right. It's becoming incrementally better every year until we get to being cash flow positive. So we do expect a positive trajectory from that business as we evolve the portfolio and take other actions.
Mark Shields: Okay. And I just want to clarify something, because I may be misinterpreting it. On the last quarter call, I think, when you talked about some of the non-transformational expense efforts, the expectation was that would be clearer in the fourth quarter than in the third. I just want to see whether that's still the case or whether it proved out faster than expected?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think some of it did prove out faster than expected, but we do expect that benefit to carry through to the fourth quarter. There may be a bit more to go there in some of the areas, but I'm very happy with the progress that we've made so far.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. Mr. Meredith, your line is now open.
Brian Meredith: Hey, thank you. Carl, I'm just curious. Nominal GDP has stayed, I think, better than people anticipated, although I know there's some people saying that it's going to slow down at some point next year. What are your clients saying? What's your crystal ball looking at on nominal GDP? And then, how does it factor into your 2024 guidance? Maybe you can just remind us on that, particularly with respect to revenues?
Carl Hess: Yes. As a company, we are well-positioned to weather macroeconomic uncertainty. And I think if you're asking a prediction for me on GDP, I think it's uncertain, but there's a range of actions that I think we're actually in pretty good shape to handle. Both WTW and our predecessor companies have been able to grow revenue during recessions. Our clients are facing many uncertainties in this macro environment. Some of our clients have to navigate rising, sustained rising commercial insurance rates that the industry has been enduring amidst the current conditions. Insurers are still pushing for premium increases, and that causes even greater challenges for our clients as they try and navigate complex risks. But our customized tools, our specialist approach in R&B ensures that the clients get the best return for their premium dollars across the entire portfolio of risk. And I think that helps us position very well. On the HWC side, these same economic issues can cause our clients to have a more intense need for sound advice and risk management solutions, whether it's pension de-risking or coping with healthcare inflation. So our clients look for help in navigating these issues, and that creates opportunities that drives demand for our services around benefits, pensions, and workforce management.
Brian Meredith: Got you. Thank you. And then my second question, there's been some chatter, I think this quarter about some of the major brokers getting back in the wholesale insurance brokerage business. I'm just curious what your thoughts are with respect to, is that an opportunity maybe for you all to get back into?
Andrew Krasner: We don't speculate about potential transactions, and I would consider wholesale a transaction, not an extension of what we're doing.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Joshua Shanker from Bank of America. Mr. Shanker, your line is now open.
Joshua Shanker: Yes. Thank you very much. I was wondering if you can give any color, I mean, you're a bunch of different businesses on the broking side. How are things looking in the middle market here in the United States? How are things looking in your, I guess, I would call them international businesses in some of your places where you're dominant in Francophone countries and whatnot? Can you give us a little color on the geographical differences in performance? I know you say it's broad-based, but I mean, not everything's moving at the exact same gearing, I assume.
Carl Hess: Yes. There are some differences in our results around the world, right? I would first point out, we don't have a dominant business anywhere, but we have strong businesses in many places. Growth has been, I think, quite good in both international and Europe, and we are seeing our U.S. business perform very well in the revamp we've done over the last months to reorganize the business across industry lines. Andrew did talk a little bit in the beginning of the call about relative performance in the geographies, but we do see that our specially-led approach has really led to very good results in a number of countries within Europe, strong results in Latin America, and as I said, the North America revamp we've made is working well.
Joshua Shanker: And just a quick modeling question, should we assume in 2024 that the book of business sales have basically run their course?
Carl Hess: Yep, I think that's a fairly safe assumption at this point in time. We do expect it to look like the historical average. I did mention in my prepared remarks that we did expect a bit in Q4. Some of that timing, as always, can be uncertain and it can slip, but it should not make a material difference to 2024.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question or comment is a follow-up from Mr. Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stiefel. Mr. Rosenbaum, your line is now open.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Thank you. I had a couple just kind of housekeeping questions, probably for Andrew. First, just in the move up in interest rates in September, is there kind of any update that we should think about in terms of pension income expectation for 2024? And then also, the non-operating income line seemed to have spiked up a little to $66 million in the quarter. I don't know if that's from the gain of sale, they got just out of the net got just out of the net income, but is there something material in that line item that spiked it positively in the quarter?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So first on the pension side, as we've mentioned before, the increase in interest rates and decline in capital market return did create a significant headwind to some of the pension income dynamics. We continue to expect pension income of about $112 million in 2023, and for 2024, we'll update our expectations there in our fourth quarter call after the annual remeasurement process. However, based on current market conditions, we don't expect the pension headwinds to subside. And on your question related to the other income line item, the big component that you're seeing there is a gain on the sale of our Saville Assessment business.
Operator: Thank you. I'm showing no additional questions in the queue at this time, I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Carl Hess for any closing remarks.
Carl Hess: Thank you all, again, for joining us today. We do appreciate the continued support of all of our stakeholders. I especially want to reiterate my thanks to all of WTW's colleagues around the globe for their continued hard work and dedication. The results of which are evident in this third quarter performance. I am proud of their results, and I look forward to working together to keep the momentum going as we finish the year strong. Have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-07-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the WTW Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to the wtwco.com for the press release and supplemental information that is issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next 3 months on WTW's website.  Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, Investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning, as well as, other disclosures in the most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings.  During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. For reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website.  I'll now turn the call over to Carl Hess, WTW's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Carl Hess: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for WTW Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. Joining me today is Andrew Krasner, our Chief Financial Officer.  We continue to see our strategic initiatives resonate strongly in the marketplace as reflected in the 7% organic revenue growth we recorded in the second quarter. This solid result reflected continued strong growth across our entire portfolio of businesses despite significant challenges from outsized book of business sales in each of our segments in the prior year. Excluding book of business activity, organic revenue growth at the enterprise level would have been 9%. We're very encouraged by the sustained top line momentum and the positive response we've seen from clients to our investments in talented technology across all our businesses.  At the same time, we faced margin headwinds from those investments as well as wage inflation in prior year book sales that limited our progress on driving margin expansion and earnings growth this quarter. The continued success of our transformation program, which exceeded our expectations yet again partially offset these headwinds. All in all, adjusted operating margin declined by 90 basis points for the quarter, which resulted in adjusted earnings per share of $2.05. Though we had a decline in adjusted operating margin this quarter, as we've said before, our progress in margin expansion won't always be linear. However, we don't expect margin declines in any full year period.  Earlier this morning, we reset our 2024 adjusted operating margin and adjusted EPS targets. These updates reflect our margin and earnings performance to date and as we've called out in the previous quarters, the pension income headwinds that based on current market conditions, we do not expect to subside. Importantly, they also include our current assessment of the opportunities we see ahead of us with the benefit of being halfway through our 3-year plan.  We lowered our 2024 target for adjusted operating margin to 22.5% to 23.5% from 23% to 24%. While some of the change stems from the slower pace at which we generate operating leverage, it primarily reflects our opportunistic decision to further invest in talent and other key strategic initiatives, especially in our Risk & Broking segment. This incremental investment will further strengthen our long-term market position and drive continued strong organic growth beyond the 2024 forecast period.  To elaborate a bit on that decision, I want to say a few words about where our R&B segment stands today and the opportunity going forward. Our differentiated service offering, underpinned by our ability to adapt to our clients' changing needs, creates an incredibly compelling value proposition and the success of this strategy in R&B so far is evident through the strong organic growth we've been able to deliver. Our focus on specialization, innovation and top quality client service has generated substantial momentum and opportunities we did not have 18 months ago.  Earlier this month, our Aerospace team won back the Airbus account, one of the largest in the sector on the back of our strengthened value proposition. And that success is not just happening in Aerospace, our global lines of business, such as P&C, Marine and Financial solutions have continued to deliver meaningfully above market growth, including double-digit growth in the second quarter. In North America, the build-out of 12 identified industry divisions continues at pace with colleagues and infrastructure being aligned, and we expect most of this to be completed by year-end. Our traction in the marketplace has shown us there are even more opportunities here to deliver solid organic growth well into the future.  But a fixed strategy is simply not an option in today's ever-changing risk landscape. To capitalize on these opportunities and meet client-specific needs, we're continuing to advance our specialization strategy and develop innovative products and services, which will distinguish us in a way to best attract clients and talent. This requires developing differentiated offerings, increasing strategic partnerships and expanding our reach through platforms like MGAs, MGUs and affinity products. Of course, high-quality talent is essential to drive these initiatives and turn our vision into a reality. And we see our rejuvenated strategy and independent brand become a load start for that talent, which will further fuel our success.  We do appreciate the need to strike a balance between investing for incremental growth in the long term and capturing savings in the near term. While this investment in talent will partially offset the savings from our transformation program and tailwinds from higher investment income and lower pension service costs between now and 2024, we expect these efforts will drive greater operating leverage over the long term as productivity improves and we realize more efficiency from increased scale. Running a successful business is never a straight line. It's a journey filled with triumph and challenges, and we've experienced both over the last 18 months.  On one hand, the operating margin has benefited from our accelerated progress on the transformation program, interest income has been higher and our pension-related service costs have been more favorable than originally expected. At the same time, macroeconomic conditions have dampened demand for interest rate-sensitive businesses, such as M&A, and the inflationary environment has put pressure on our operating costs, driving up wages and travel and entertainment. We are also focused on implementing cost-saving measures primarily focused on eliminating nonessential travel.  While we've seen some progress in generating margin expansion from R&B, we know there is more to do, we remain confident that the right path to delivering margin expansion includes both driving organic revenue growth through our strategic investments and executing on transformation program savings and efficiency measures.  As a core part of our strategic decision to invest further in our specialization strategy and our talent base, we are excited to welcome Lucy Clarke as the global leader of Risk & Broking in the third quarter of 2024. Lucy's committed to specialization, exceptional client service and data and analytics, all directly aligned with WTW's competitive advantages and what we're doing in this space, making her the right person to accelerate the execution of our strategy. She has extraordinary market presence, a proven track record of delivering operational and financial results and an intense focus on talent.  We are delighted she is joining our team, and I look forward to welcoming Lucy to our team in the third quarter of 2024. Until then, Adam Garrard will continue to lead the segment. And after Lucy's arrival, Adam will become the Chairman of Risk and Broking.  Now let me shift gears back to our updated 2024 adjusted EPS target. The revised target of $15.40 to $17 reflects the sizable pension income headwinds we've discussed on previous calls, a modestly higher expected tax rate and the lower adjusted operating margin. The revised target also reflects a more narrow and precise range than our original figures given that we're halfway through our target period of 3 years.  I've already talked about the drivers behind our margins. So let me take a minute to cover the other 2 items. The most significant driver influencing our change to our EPS target is a sizable decline in expected pension income since we set our original 2024 target almost 2 years ago. We originally expected pension income to contribute $2 to $2.50 to adjusted EPS.  As we've communicated previously, the increase in interest rates and decline in capital market returns have created significant headwinds to pension income dynamics. As a result, we now expect pension income to contribute $0.35 to $0.85, less than half of our original estimate to adjusted EPS in 2024. The change in expected pension income accounts for approximately $1.65 of the overall change in EPS target. We continue to expect pension income of $112 million in 2023 and we'll update you on our 2024 pension expectations during our fourth quarter call after the remeasurement process.  The second driver impacting the EPS target change stems from the modest increase in tax rate due to our updated estimates of future tax rates based on legislative changes. We expect the U.K. corporate tax rate increase will have a modest impact starting in 2023. While we continue to evaluate the OECD/G20 guidance on the Pillar 2 global minimum tax released earlier this year, we expect the legislative changes may further increase the rate in 2024 and forward.  Now before I hand it over to Andrew, I want to step back for a moment and reflect on the progress of WTW since the tumult of 2021. In 2021, WTW had $9 billion of revenue and adjusted operating margin of 19.9% and EPS of $11.60. And the full impact of the termination of the business combination was not reflected in the company's financial results in that time. That occurred in 2022 when organic growth slowed, book of business sale activity spiked, and we need to make substantial investment in both talent and transformation-related activities to position the company for future growth.  Since that time, we've stabilized our business, we build our talent base, significantly strengthened organic revenue growth, optimize capital management return significant capital to shareholders and are transforming and simplifying our company to drive greater profitability. We are in a far better place from where we started.  We remain committed to our strategic priorities of grow, simplify and transform and we are delivering meaningful strategic progress against these initiatives. We can see their contributions to our performance, including organic growth in line with our payers and $277 million of transformation savings. We remain committed to improving our core operating results to reach our revised 2024 goals and drive long-term earnings growth.  I want to thank our colleagues for their dedication and performance this quarter. We are truly appreciative of their continued dedication to our vision and their relentless focus on our strategic priorities to grow, simplify and transform.  And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, Carl. Good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us today. Before we delve into the financials, I want to provide some additional color on our free cash flow to help paint a clearer picture of our core free cash flow performance and our outlook.  First, I want to explain why we are focused on free cash flow margin or free cash flow as a percentage of revenue rather than some of the other potential metrics. The noncash nature of our pension income can distort various free cash flow conversion calculations, whether you're calculating free cash flow conversion as a percentage of net income, adjusted net income or adjusted EBITDA. We, therefore, think free cash flow as a percentage of revenue or free cash flow margin is a clearer and more meaningful metric to track free cash flow.  Next, I'd like to remind you of the nonrecurring items that impacted our 2022 cash flow performance. In 2022, our free cash flow margin decreased to 8%, reflecting strong revenue growth and margin expansion partially offset by some significant nonrecurring items, including delayed cash tax payments for the 2021 gains recorded in connection with the sale of Willis Re and the deal termination fee, realized losses on foreign currency hedges and onetime retention and executive compensation costs. Adjusted for these onetime headwinds, our 2022 free cash flow margin would have been approximately 14%. We consider this a normalized baseline for 2022. Adding the approximately 200 basis point increase in transformation-related spend for 2023 gets us to approximately 12% free cash flow margin, which we think is a reasonable guidepost for 2023.  Looking beyond 2023, we expect to see free cash flow margin increase driven by improved cash conversion in our TRANZACT business and the abatement of transformation-related spend. Collectively, these items are expected to contribute over 400 basis points to our free cash flow margin over the long term. Starting from the 12% free cash flow margin expected for 2023, this expansion in free cash flow margin on top of our expected organic revenue growth should drive strong long-term growth in free cash flow. Additionally, we expect incremental upside driven by improved profitability and working capital improvement actions. Thus, we think 16% plus is a reasonable long-term guidepost.  I'd like to spend a few minutes expanding on how we expect each of these components to contribute to greater free cash flow and improved working capital over the long term. Let's start with improved cash conversion at TRANZACT. About 8% of our revenue comes from TRANZACT, which has tripled in size since we acquired it in Q3 2019. However, the cash conversion dynamics of this business are different than the rest of our businesses. Q4 is TRANZACT's largest revenue quarter, and that revenue consists of both fees and commissions. The commissions, which reflect both our initial placement plus estimated future renewals can take up to 5 to 6 years in total for us to collect depending on the product. Meanwhile, we incur significant upfront cash costs to place the policies, creating a working capital headwind as the business grows.  In 2022, growth in TRANZACT created an approximately 200 basis point headwind on our free cash flow margin. Over the last few years of rapid growth in that business, we have generated a long-term contract asset, which is essentially a large long-term receivable. We expect to collect this over multiple years as policies are renewed. As our TRANZACT business continues to mature and cash collections from earlier periods outpaced the upfront cash outflows incurred in connection with the continued top line growth, we expect this working capital headwind to subside and over time become a tailwind and begin contributing positively to free cash flow margin.  Our overall individual marketplace strategy combines TRANZACT with its strong revenue growth prospects and current lower cash flow generation with a mature business of Extend Health, which has lower revenue growth, but strong cash flow. Together, the 2 businesses give us an overall Medicare operation with a strong growth profile and positive cash flow as was the case for 2022.  Moving on to the impact of our Transformation Program. We made substantial progress on the program in 2022 and have accelerated that progress in 2023. Funding the Transformation Program required approximately $200 million in cash outflow in 2022, which translated to a roughly 230 basis point headwind to our free cash flow margin. Investment in the Transformation Program will continue to pressure our free cash flow until it is complete at the end of 2024. But beginning in 2025, the abatement of program-related spending will drive an increase in free cash flow margin.  The last point I'd like to cover is the upside from greater profitability. We continue to expect to drive margin expansion from current levels to our target range over the next 6 quarters. As our adjusted operating margin grows, so too will our free cash flow margin. In addition, we expect some of our specific transformation program initiatives to have a positive, but more modest impact on free cash flow margin. Our finance and operational transformation initiatives include a number of tactical working capital improvement opportunities, such as centralizing and standardizing our billing and collections processes, expanding automation capabilities, and capturing long-term structural and contractual improvements to the cash aspects of how our businesses operate.  Also, the transformation of our real estate footprint should reduce our long-term CapEx needs. Together, all of these actions, along with the continued adjusted operating margin expansion beyond 2024 should drive incremental improvements in our free cash flow margin above the roughly 400 basis points we've quantified.  Turning to our results for the quarter. Our second quarter revenue was up 7% on an organic basis. Excluding book of business activity, organic revenue growth at the enterprise level would have been 9%. Our Transformation Program delivered $53 million of incremental annualized savings during the second quarter. This brings the total to $128 million in cumulative annualized savings this year, far exceeding our original target of $100 million of incremental savings for 2023.  Accordingly, we're raising our guidance on cumulative run rate transformation savings actioned by the end of 2023 to $160 million. The additional transformation savings we've identified also support an increase to the total annual cost savings we expect the program to deliver by the end of 2024 from over $360 million to $380 million.  I will now discuss our detailed segment results. Note that to provide comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis unless specifically stated otherwise. The Health, Wealth and Career segment generated revenue growth of 5% on both an organic and constant currency basis compared to the second quarter of last year. The segment had solid organic revenue growth despite significant headwinds from book of business activity in the prior year, which negatively impacted organic revenue growth by 2 percentage points. We continue to see growth opportunities across the portfolio of businesses and expect that they will continue their growth trajectory for the rest of the year.  Revenue for health increased 4% for the quarter or 9% when excluding the impact of book of business activity in the prior year, primarily due to natural portfolio growth and new client appointments in international and Europe and higher levels of project work at brokerage income in North America. Wealth grew 5% in the second quarter. The growth was primarily attributable to higher levels of retirement work in North America and Europe. Our investments business also contributed to organic revenue growth with new client acquisitions and higher fees related to value-added services.  Career delivered 4% growth in the quarter, driven by increased demand for reward-based advisory services and higher compensation survey participation. Benefits Delivery & Outsourcing generated 7% growth in the quarter. The increase was driven by strength in individual marketplace with growth from higher volumes and placements of Medicare Advantage and Life policies as well as increased project activity in outsourcing.  HWC's operating margin decreased 40 basis points from the prior year second quarter to 18.3%. This margin decrease was primarily due to the impact of book of business activity, partially offset by transformation savings.  Risk & Broking revenue was up 6% on an organic basis and on a constant currency basis compared to the prior year second quarter. Risk & Broking had strong organic revenue growth despite significant book of business headwinds and excluding the impact from book of business settlements, Risk & Broking grew 10%. Corporate Risk & Broking had another strong quarter and continued the positive growth trajectory we have seen over the last quarters with an organic revenue increase of 7%.  Excluding book of business activity, CRB grew at 11% with double-digit growth in all geographies. This outstanding result is primarily driven by strong new business, continued improvement of our client retention and strong contributions of 13% organic growth from our specialty lines like Marine, Financial Solutions and large and complex P&C.  Our specialty lines of business are a critical area for us, and we are making meaningful investments to position us for long-term success, and we are growing at a much faster pace in these lines of business. Furthermore, while rate increases continue to have a positive impact, they had a more moderate impact compared to prior year. Interest income was up $9 million for the quarter due to higher rates.  As noted in our earnings release and as a result of the cessation of the co-broking agreement with Gallagher, interest income directly associated with Risk & Broking fiduciary funds will be allocated to the segment beginning in third quarter of 2023. These amounts were previously allocated to the corporate segment. I would just point out that this will be done on a prospective basis only, and there is no impact to the Q2 numbers.  North America had a strong quarter due to new business and increased retention. Europe also had solid new business performance across most product lines, including P&C, Marine, Aerospace and Financial Solutions. International also contributed to organic growth led by Latin America.  In the Insurance Consulting and Technology business, revenue was up 3% over the prior year period, driven by increased sales in Technology Solutions and higher project activity. R&B's operating margin was 16.1% for the second quarter compared to 19.7% in the prior year second quarter. Margin headwinds reflected the impact of the gain on sale from book of business activity in the prior year, along with the adverse timing impact from prior year incentive credits that have no impact on full year margins, but negatively impacted the quarter.  However, we saw an increase in our comp and ben run rate due to strategic investment hires. These key hires have begun to contribute to our performance in a meaningful way as exemplified by the strong organic growth for the first half of the year. We continue to expect a ramp-up in production which we anticipate will cover the increase in expenses. We are also facing expense headwinds due to the increased client activity and inflationary increases on travel, entertainment and marketing that we are actively managing with strict cost management actions, which we expect to yield a greater benefit in the second half of the year. Partially offsetting these margin headwinds were transformation savings that continue to contribute as planned as well as the impact of interest income.  Turning back to enterprise level results. Our adjusted operating margin was 14.6%, a 90 basis point decline over prior year, primarily a result of costs related to employee headcount increases and inflation as well as headwinds from the margin impact book of business sales in the prior year. The decline in margin was partially offset by transformation savings as well as the impact of interest income. The net result was adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.05.  Foreign exchange had a de minimis impact on EPS for the second quarter. Assuming today's rates continue for the remainder of the year, we continue to expect a foreign currency headwind on adjusted earnings per share of $0.05 for the year. Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 19.8% versus 10.5% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 23.7% compared to 20.5% in the prior year reflecting the nonrecurring nature of discrete tax benefits reflected in the prior year rate.  Our strong balance sheet gives us continued confidence in our ability to execute a disciplined capital allocation strategy that balances capital return to shareholders with internal investments and strategic M&A to deploy our capital in the highest return opportunities. During the quarter, we paid $90 million in dividends and repurchased approximately 1.5 million shares for $350 million. Given our confidence in achieving the plan we've laid out, we continue to view share repurchases as an attractive use of capital to create long-term shareholder value. We also actively manage our leverage profile by issuing $750 million of new debt in May, and a portion of those proceeds will be used to pay our debt with an upcoming maturity in the third quarter.  We generated free cash flow of $350 million for the second quarter of 2023, compared to free cash flow of $198 million in the prior year. The improvement of $152 million is primarily due to the non-recurrence of payments made in the prior year for certain discretionary compensation and taxes for onetime gains recorded in connection with the Willis Re sale and the income receipt related to deal termination. These tailwinds were partially offset by increased transformation program-related costs.  Overall, while we recognize we have more to do, we continue to be encouraged by the meaningful traction we are getting with clients through our strategic initiatives. Delivering strong organic revenue growth is a prerequisite for sustainably growing margins, EPS and free cash flow. We are confident in our market position and in our ability to deliver on the improvement opportunities we see today.  With that, let's open it up for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is on the 2024 guidance. Carl, obviously, last year, you guys pulled lowered guidance for Russia, there were some changes to free cash flow. Just trying to get a sense like why is this the last cut? I mean I imagine maybe you guys went through and kind of stress tested all the components of guidance to put forth something that you won't have to revise again in January with fourth quarter earnings. But any thoughts there?
Carl Hess: Yes. Good morning Elyse. Obviously, we prefer never to be revising at all. But we do try and take a measured approach. And when we finally think that look, there's, as we said before, no path that we could see towards our guidance, we want to be upfront with that. As we looked into this quarter, we saw on the pension side, we just didn't see a path to pension income to be at the levels that we had thought it might be going to '24. We thought it was the time to take a look and revise the EPS target.  On the margins, right, the new target really reflects our decision to further invest in talent and the key strategic initiatives that Andrew described, especially in R&B, because we think we are in a fabulous position to capitalize on growth opportunities. We're continuing to advance our specialization strategy and develop innovative products and services to further differentiate our offerings and position ourselves to attract the best clients and talent, that is working. We are doubling down on it.
Elyse Greenspan: And then my follow-up, Carl, would be on the margin comment, right? So like you guys have had success with your savings program, but it doesn't seem like that's coming into numbers even though you provided up the target. So is that benefiting margins? Is it more coming later than expected? I just would have thought that, that could have absorbed and helped offset some of the impact of the incremental hiring, right, that you're attributing the lower margin, too.
Andrew Krasner: Elyse, it's Andrew. No, it is absolutely helping offset or mitigate some of the continued and then the increased planned investment. And I think what you're seeing is there's some more pressure on the Risk & Broking margins. And while we're incredibly happy with the progress and the organic growth within that business, we recognize there's more to do on margin expansion, both in the short term and the long term. I want to reassure you that we know where the margin drags are and already taking action to address those. Let me walk you through them and I'll start with the short term. So on a year-over-year basis, the most significant headwind was the book of business sales, right? And that's about 270 of the 360 basis point decline within the quarter. In the second half, we anticipate similar levels of book sales as last year. The quarterly pacing of those may vary, but second half over second half should be pretty similar. The rest is attributable to some short-term headwinds, partially offset by the savings from transformation.  The short-term headwinds are from T&E and our continued investments in talent. In T&E, we're seeing the effects of inflation as well as the increase in travel post COVID. We're working to manage this by implementing mandates around essential travel, fare caps, things of that nature. We've already seen some improvement in the T&E costs from these actions and expect that to accelerate during the second half of the year.  On talent, the short-term margin headwinds are just from the gradual and lumpy ramp in productivity for new hires. We continue to expect a ramp in that production, which we do anticipate is going to cover the investments and yield a greater benefit going forward. So as a result of all that, we see the current margin headwinds as temporary and do continue to expect margin expansion within the Risk & Broking and the enterprise on an annual basis.
Carl Hess: Yes. Let me just sort of leverage a little bit on that, Andrew. I mean, first of all, our investments in the talent have actually been paying off in excess of what we had projected, to date, not that we're fully there yet, but the pace is actually in excess of kind of our original expectations. So that does encourage us. But as I look sort of a bit further than the rest of this year, right? I mean -- what we're doing is saying we think we actually have a great opportunity to deepen and broaden what we do. We see the talent we're able to attract and that encourages us, actually, as I said before, to double on what we're trying to go here.  Most of the investment is in talent, but there's also investment in things like MGAs and MGUs deepening our affinity platform and building out the next level of technology within our ICT business to support the insurance industry where we see strong demand. With respect to that talent investment, right, it is about high reproductive talent that can best leverage our platform. It is highly aligned to our specialization strategy. We do recognize that comes with the usual margin drag. This is a typical 12- to 18-month time until we get full productivity out of these people.  But I look forward and say, look, a year ago, we were all about filling gaps rebuilding teams after a period where we had been suffering heightened attrition due to business disruption. Looking forward, right, it is far more opportunistic and looking for talent that's going to drive the most profitable and fastest growing parts of our business, especially the global lines that Andrew referred to earlier.  I want to be crystal clear, right? This is about going on the defensive -- going on the offensive, we are not about backfilling gaps in the bench anymore. This is about offense, not defense.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregory Peters. One moment as we bring him to stage.
Charles Peters: Thank you for the increased disclosure around the free cash flow. And I wanted -- my first question, I wanted to focus on that, I guess, it's Slide 15, where you talk about your longer-term free cash flow target of 16%. It feels like the transformation program spend, that's going to be a layup, because that's going to come to an end. The improved profitability seems realistic, I guess. I guess when I look at the 3 buckets, the one I'm concerned about would be the TRANZACT cash conversion. That business for others has been problematic in terms of translating into free cash flow. And also in this free cash flow slide, you didn't mention DSOs and that used to be a lever for the company for improving free cash flow. So maybe you could give us some additional comments around this slide?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. Greg, it's Andrew. I'll start with the DSO component there. So we do expect incremental benefit from tactical working capital actions focused on opportunities that we see. And that sort of gets reflected in the long-term view on Page 15 in the plus symbol there, if you will. Some of the other actions, of course, do lead to improved working capital management as well. So that is absolutely factored into our plans over the longer term for improved free cash flow margin.  Specifically, with regard to TRANZACT, when we bought that business, we did expect it to be a high-growth business, and we have far exceeded our initial expectations in that regard. And I think that's a testament to the compelling offering that the company provides to its customers and the dedication of its team members in that business. As mentioned in the prepared remarks, the business creates a working capital headwind as it grows. And since we're required to incur significant upfront cash costs, it takes about 5 to 6 years depending on the product to eventually collect all the cash for a sale or a substantial portion of the cash for a sale.  But we were fully aware of the cash flow dynamics, right, at the time we acquired it, and it has evolved as expected. We continue to see improvement in that area as the business grows and matures. We do have that long-term receivable, which we can continue to focus on and will collect over time. We expect the business to become cash positive sometime in the next few years. And in the meantime, we do expect that drag to decline.
Charles Peters: Okay. Fair enough. I guess my follow-up question will pivot back to the margin piece and I know you've talked about it in your prepared remarks, you just answered Elyse's questions regarding it. You spoke about book sales and recruiting. I guess -- from a margin improvement standpoint, I guess I was a little disappointed with the second quarter results. I would have expected some for you guys to report some benefits. So when you said in your answer, book sales, is there going to be more drag from book sales in the second half of this year? And on recruiting, is there more margin drag on recruiting in the second half of this year versus where we were in the first half?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. Let me start with the book sale question. So we do expect some level of book sale activity in the second half of the year. However, we do expect it to be roughly on par with the book sale activity in the second half of last year. The quarterly pacing of that may vary, but in aggregate over the second half should be pretty comparable.
Carl Hess: Okay. With regard to recruiting, Greg, I guess one thing I'd note is sort of open positions of the company are at half the level they were a year ago. And so that should give you an idea of sort of overall where we're trying to do with recruitment. However, I want to point out that I think we're at a point in time, and yes, Lucy Clarke's arrival, I think, is a testament to this where the choice we've made very deliberately to specialize within R&B is it's the foundation of our growth, and it is significantly attractive to people who can actually help us generate revenue. We think that this is the time to capitalize on that.  And so we do think that targeted investments in our global lines and our industry strategy, this is exactly the right time for those to be paying off. So we're going to be looking to actively find that talent.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Newsome of Piper Sandler.
Jon Newsome: I had another sort of book of sale question. If we're looking at the profit margin of the businesses, you're looking -- you're using through book sales versus the rest of the business, are those book sales businesses have similar margins? Or is that another sort of source of margin compression for the company as these businesses are sold away?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. The books that we're selling generally have the same economic profile and margin profile as the broader business. So there's nothing specific about the margins of the businesses or books that we're selling.
Jon Newsome: That makes more modeling easier. Second question, a lot of what your peers have done with respect to margin improvement over time came to some very careful divestitures of businesses that you'll see every quarter from them. How does that fit into your strategy as well, if at all? Looking at sort of divesting? Are you looking at divesting some of these businesses that might have lower margins as well?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We won't comment on any specific M&A actions. But as you can imagine, portfolio management is always front and center for us. And of course, we do look across the broad base of our businesses to make strategic decisions about that portfolio.
Carl Hess: And I'd add, we use that for our acquisition strategy as well. We're looking for businesses where we can be a better owner than the current owner.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Motemaden from Evercore.
David Motemaden: I just had a question just on the new margin range for next year, the 22.5% to 23.5%. Could you just help me understand and think through some of the pluses and minuses that would help you be at the high end versus the low end of that outlook?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. I think part of it will be -- Carl mentioned some continued investment in talent as well as some platforms. So I think it will be the payback period from those investments. Another determining factor would be the pace at which some of the operating leverage becomes visible through the Transformation Program and some incremental savings from the Transformation Program as well. So the timing of that sort of is what feeds into the bounds of that range.
Carl Hess: And then I'll just add demand across various parts of our business, right? So while I think we've got a very diversified portfolio and that has enabled us to what storms, we do try to take advantage of conditions as we find them, like sort of demand across the portfolio, as you can see from the segment numbers, the growth remains strong there, and we're looking to make sure we stay focused on the areas where we see the strongest demand in the marketplace, whether that's in the specialty lines within R&B, our Health and Benefits Business, and focus within our Career business in a place where we see demand, which is sort of coping with new ways of working in the new normal.  I'd also add, there's upside in our wealth business, especially in the -- if capital markets stay up and in fact that we're collecting percent of asset fees across a large chunk of our investments business.
David Motemaden: Yes. Got it. That makes sense. And then I guess I was just on some of the hiring that you've made up to this point. Maybe you can help me understand just how far along you are in the ramp of production of those hires? And are we sort of hitting like a peak in terms of how those hires you've made in the past can contribute? And is that partially why you're sort of making additional strategic investments or maybe you could just help me understand where we are in terms of the ramp-up of the hires you've made up to this point?
Carl Hess: Sure, sure, sure. So as I alluded to a little while ago, we're actually very happy with the progress for our '22 [indiscernible] cohort of hires, right? They've actually performed in excess of where we think they thought we would be at this point in time. But no, they're not up to full productivity yet. As we've said, that's 12 to 18 months and sort of on average, we're about 12 months on that. The 2023 hires, which is a smaller number. It's only been half a year, right, are performing in line with expectations, but that's, of course, early days.  I think what I'm saying with respect to sort of looking forward, right, is we actually see significant strong demand for our specialty approach, and we think that there is talent we can attract under the way we have focused this company, which is different than the way others approach it to able to actually double down on that strategy and push that ahead. So it's -- yes, I think what we've seen from the '22 and '23 hires is encouraging, but that's not necessarily just saying, okay, more of the same. We think that it's actually a confirmation of our strategy and how it's resonating with clients that want us to move ahead.
Operator: Our question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods.
Unidentified Analyst: This is on for Meyer. I just have a question on [indiscernible] length. So given how well the organic growth has been playing out, do you guys see any changes in your investment?
Andrew Krasner: Any changes -- I'm sorry, any changes in the investment given the organic growth?
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, yes, yes.
Andrew Krasner: No. I think as Carl just alluded to, we do see continued opportunity for talent in the market. So we're not sort of filling gaps at this point as we had been historically. This is more about leaning forward and being on the offensive with regard to our talent investment strategy where we continue to see really strong opportunity for talent that aligns with our specialization strategy.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. My second question is on the free cash flow guidance. I know you guys gave the long-term guidance of 16%, just wonder improved 12% guidance of this year through to 2024 linearly? Or how does -- can you add some details on that?
Andrew Krasner: I'm sorry, can you repeat the question, please?
Unidentified Analyst: So for the free cash flow guidance, just wondering can you add some details on 2024? Or do you see it just improve linearly to the 15%?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I mean, yes, we do expect continuous improvement, but we haven't given any specific free cash flow margin guidance for 2024.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon from Baird.
Mark Marcon: With regards to the margin change, basically, at the midpoint, you've reduced the margin guide by about 50 bps, is that sufficient in terms of -- is that enough of a cushion to really improve the talent pipeline? And then thinking about the morale and retention with regards to your long-term associates, do you think that's going to be fairly meaningful in terms of driving further engagement and driving further productivity?
Carl Hess: So I think with regard to the 50 basis points that we do think that, that gives us the flexibility we're looking for. We can structure compensation, which, for us, of course, is highly variable, especially in client engaging to be able to manage the impact of recruitment.  With respect to morale, one of the biggest screens we use is -- are they going to fit well with the team, right? And that's been our approach historically. We anticipate that will very much be part of our approach going forward. It fits beautifully with a specialization strategy, because you're not looking for a lone wolf selling, right? It's about insights-based approach to helping clients manage risk fueled by data and analytics. And that ends up with someone who's quite committed to that and that by its very nature, makes it more of a team-based approach. So I think there's a sort of a virtuous cycle, we guess, with respect to our approach that actually makes team building easier and minimizes morale disruption that might take.
Mark Marcon: That's great. And then what's the tax rate that you're assuming for the '24 EPS targets?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We haven't specifically given that information but if you think about the current year adjusted tax rate it is modestly higher, as of now, year-to-date, and we expect something modestly higher on a full year basis year-over-year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Zaremski from BMO.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Great. And on the free cash flow, thanks for the added color. I just want to confirm that the pension income levels or the pension changes in terms of the impacting your EPS that doesn't flow through to cash flow, right?
Andrew Krasner: Correct. The pension income is noncash.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Got it. Okay. Switching gears to the segments. You've talked a lot about and you have been for a number of quarters by investing in talent opportunistically, is this also happening in the Health, Wealth and Career segment a bit? I just asked because margins were a little light there as well versus expectations.
Carl Hess: So we do see talent as flocking to the flag, right, in HWC as well. Although I think it's a bit different positionally than it is with -- as opposed to R&B. In that we've got a very, very successful leading wealth business. And with already, I think, a very good market position. So we don't -- you wouldn't typically see large-scale recruiting going on in that business. The recruiting is more focused on health and benefits where we do see the opportunity to gain market share. And we're just -- we think our position in broking globally is one where we can continue to capitalize.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar from Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: I guess my first question, Carl, just listening to the explanations behind the lowing of guidance for '24. It almost sounded to me like excluding the pension element that interest and inflationary trends were a net negative. I guess that's -- if I heard that correctly, it's a little counterintuitive to what I would have thought the net impact that broker would be? So I would love to hear a little more on that.
Carl Hess: So when I was talking about interest rates being negative, it with respect to the pension, right? It wasn't in respect of the fact that we do receive more interest income.
Yaron Kinar: I thought you'd also talked about the pressure from higher interest rate environments on M&A activity and on operating costs, right?
Carl Hess: No. I mean, we -- I think the puts and takes are a little hard to work out, right? But we do have a large scale as do others, right, M&A-focused brokering business and the freeze in that marketplace is obviously quite unhelpful on that side. So it's as I said, it's a bit more complex.
Yaron Kinar: Yes. But I guess if we take a step back, and again, excluding the pension element, wouldn't the higher interest rate and higher inflation environment be a net positive holistically?
Andrew Krasner: Not necessarily. I think it depends on the impact of inflation on different components of the income statement. So obviously, there's been a lot of wage inflation over the last 2 years, and that's not just related to new hirers, right, that does impact our existing wage base. There is inflation. We talked about the cost of travel has gone up meaningfully, things of that nature, that is mitigated, right, by the impact of fiduciary income. But as Carl mentioned, we do have some interest rate sensitive businesses, right, that get impacted by that as well like M&A-related products.
Carl Hess: Yes. So I guess I would not call it a huge negative, but it's not nearly the positive you might take it on looking at some components alone.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. I appreciate that. And then if we flip to the pension component specifically, if I'm doing the math correctly. The midpoint of the new guidance, you're talking about roughly $80 million worth of pension income in '24. And I understand we'll get another update at year-end. But if that math is roughly correct, can you maybe explain why we'd see another, call it, 30% reduction in pension income year-over-year when capital markets are actually up year-to-date and I think the level of interest rate increases has moderated a bit?
Carl Hess: Yes. So if you look at our pension plans, right, the asset mixes will have a heavy effect here. Our biggest plan is the U.K. plan, which actually doesn't have a lot of equity exposure at all in it as it has a fairly tight asset liability match. It's quite sensitive to both interest rates and inflation levels, because of the indexation of U.K. pension liabilities. The U.S. plan is more -- is invested to work into a U.S. plan would be invested with a mix of both bonds and other assets. But even within the return-seeking assets pool, there's a large part of alternative assets and other diversifying strategies, which won't necessarily move in line with the public equity markets. That protects us on the downside, but it does give up some upside in strong equity markets.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Ward from Citi.
Michael Ward: Andrew mentioned, I think, strong commercial pricing was less of a tailwind this quarter. We've kind of been hearing strength out there from peers and primaries. Just wondering, is it -- are you altering commissions? Is it just the comps? Any commentary would be helpful.
Carl Hess: So I mean if you look at the rate on the commercial risk side, I mean, overall, we're seeing flatter single-digit increases or even small decreases depending on local market conditions. Rate increases across many lines are moderating, but there are definitely some lines that aren't seeing any abatement at present U.S. property, probably being the most predominant one. Remember, we are a very global firm with respect to our mix. And that -- so you can't necessarily take our book as typical for others. But it's certainly in cat-exposed property rate increases are still coming through.  Casualty is a bit of a different story. There's more stability in the global portfolio with relatively small rating increases being written.
Michael Ward: Got it. And then I think Carl mentioned potential upside in the wealth business. Any update on the outlook for that one in the second half with markets being where they are?
Carl Hess: Yes. Well, I mean, with sort of pension funding levels being at a pretty hefty rate -- sorry, compared historically, right, the pension funds are pretty well funded. So the opportunity for pension risk transfer activity remains elevated, and we have a market-leading position that in the major markets. And then the other phenomenon just referring to is we've got an investment business that is a substantial part of that is compensated basis points. And with asset levels up, that's helpful for that business.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith of UBS.
Brian Meredith: Two questions here. Carl, I'm just curious, in the 2024 guidance, what is embedded with respect to the economic outlook? What would happen if nominal GDP goes, let's call it, 2%, 3%, would it be challenging to make your kind of guidance targets? And then what else are you embedded in that with respect to the commercial lines pricing environment?
Carl Hess: So with respect to rate, I mean, we and brokerage aren't necessarily as sensitive to rate. It is the carriers in that, and I think I've made this point in prior calls, right, when rates skyrockets, our clients will just simply retain more risk to try and manage their budgets. So we don't see rate is having a major effect on our prospects for '24.  I think with respect to sort of general economic conditions, as long as they're generally manageable, we've got a portfolio of businesses that has shown resilience and sort of good times and bad. And so providing clients are so paralyzed by volatility that they aren't willing to make decisions. We tend to do okay.
Brian Meredith: Got you. So a recession or something should matter?
Carl Hess: Maybe sharp and sudden recession where clients sort of have to swerve in their plans, right, is -- unexpectedly, right, is not necessarily helpful. Although even then, right, that may drive demand for consulting projects that help to manage the changing conditions.
Brian Meredith: Makes sense. And then my second question, I'm just curious, Carl, can you talk a little bit about just employee retention and efforts and what you're doing to keep people. I mean I look at your stock down 12% and all the other brokers are up mid-teens. And I can tell you just from any company work out, you're always looking at that stock price. What are you doing to kind of help keep people? And what does retention look like right now?
Carl Hess: So I mean, the most retention has been actually quite good, and attrition this year has been lower than our expectations and in line with industry -- our industry in general. So we're quite happy with how that's been playing out. Engagement is a huge part of employee retention, right? And that's often we do research on this, right, within our career business, right? And engagement goes far beyond compensation, right?  It's actually -- there's a number of factors that drive it. And we do eat our own cooking and try and take the advice of our career consultants to create a workplace that people actually want to be participate in, because they think they're making a difference for their own career, for their colleagues, for their clients and for society at large. That's not to say, compensation doesn't play in it, but it's by no means the determinative matter. And I think we're doing well enough that the attrition numbers are reflecting our efforts in that regard.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes from Truist Securities.
Mark Hughes: How are you approaching TRANZACT this year? It seems like the environment was a little more productive last year. Do you think this will be another strong growth year for TRANZACT?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We continue to expect healthy growth from that business. There's more to that business than just the Medicare Advantage market where we do sell other products and those products have different financial profiles and cash collection profiles with them as well. So we do make sure that we look to create a balanced portfolio across that business.
Carl Hess: And as we've said in prior calls, right, we do think the CMS regs that came out are manageable for us, and we've taken steps to adapt the business to them. So we don't view them as impacting TRANZACT's potential to thrive.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Rob Cox from Goldman Sachs.  It appears that we do not have Mr. Cox, so we will go on that as our last question. I'll give one moment to see if anyone else would like to ask questions. 
Operator: As I am showing no further questions at this time, and we have no closing remarks, that concludes our session. Thank you for participating in today's meeting.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-04-27 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the WTW First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to wtwco.com for the press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Todays call is being recorded and will be available for the next three months on WTWs website. Some of the comments in todays call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For more details discussed of these and other risk factors investors should review the forward-looking statements section in the earnings press release issued this morning, as well as other disclosures in the most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings. During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. For reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the companys website. Ill now turn the call over to Carl Hess, WTW's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Carl Hess: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for WTWs first quarter 2023 earnings call. Joining me today is Andrew Krasner, our Chief Financial Officer. Our first quarter results were great start for the year. The strong 8% organic revenue growth we delivered in the first quarter demonstrated our sustained momentum and intense focus as we continue to execute on our strategic priorities. We're particularly encouraged by the growing impact we're seeing from our recent investments in talent and technology, which has strengthened the value we're able to provide our clients and yielded improved retention and new business growth. Operating leverage on this robust growth and the continued succession of our transformation program drove 140 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion over the prior year, which translated into adjusted diluting earnings per share of $2.84 for the quarter, an increase of 7% year-over-year. Overall, I'm very pleased with our Q1 results, and with the excellent progress we've made since this time last year. We saw top line growth across all our businesses reflecting the increased value of WTW Solutions in complex economic environments. A mid financial sector turmoil, high inflation and ongoing geopolitical strike, we continue to see market dynamics that provide opportunities for WTW to respond to our client's needs, to improve outcomes and reduce risk. Now, I'd like to share some additional perspective on the reset of our near and long-term expectations for free cash flow announced this morning. Our previous target for three-year cumulative free cash flow through 2024 reflected our goal of substantially improving our free cash flow margin, this being in addition to achieving our revenue and margin targets. We have made timely and meaningful progress toward our goals for revenue and adjusted operating margins, and we continue to believe that our long-term free cash flow improvement opportunities remain substantial and achievable. These opportunities include optimizing structural and contractual aspects of our business, enhancing our system and processes and streamlining our working capital. However, we now believe that the best and most sustainable paths to realizing those opportunities will take us beyond the end of 2024. As a result, over the near term, we expect free cash flow as a percentage of revenue to improve significantly from 2022's base of 8% free cash flow margin. Over the longer term, we still anticipate growth toward peers free cash flow margins as the benefits from our improvement actions gain more traction and begin to drive a shorter conversion cycle. I want to make it very, very clear that we remain committed to delivering on our core operating results. Our achievements on those fronts so far, including our very solid start to 2023, give us confidence that we will be successful in delivering on those goals. Before turning it over to Andrew, I also want to update you on our grow, simplify and transform initiatives. Our grow initiatives take advantage of the opportunities in both core and fast growing markets using our analytics capabilities and specialist knowledge to help create a more valuable and differentiated client experience. In Risk and Broking, our specialized approach coupled with the strategic hires we've made over the past year has driven accelerated growth. In Health, Wealth and Career, we've had success cross-selling new solutions and products alongside our core advisory work. Our focus on specialization has driven us to find improvements to existing solutions, new product innovation and most recently identification and successful execution on opportunities for strategic collaboration. For example, we just announced a partnership with Zurich involving digital trading within our broking platform, which leverages data to structure risks to allow for a more competitive placement experience. Another example of our strategic partnerships is our new relationship with Sapiens, a leading global provider of software for the insurance industry. We've partnered with Sapiens to create integrated solutions to help insurers underwrite policies more efficiently. These are both great examples of how our innovations are driving growth by streamlining the very complex business of risk management and modernizing traditional broking, while giving our customers a quicker and more efficient experience. A third example is our partnership with Transamerica to oversee administration and record keeping for our recently launched LifeSight Pooled Employer Plant in the U.S. This new product will allow employers to offer a market leading defined contribution plan and employee experience with limited demand on their internal resources. Shifting to our simplify initiatives, we believe our improved sales and retention outcomes have resulted in part from our efforts to streamline the back end shared operation to our businesses. This has enabled us to deploy a more cohesive and consistent global model that leverages our scale and provides a smoother client experience from Prospect to Renewal. Finally, our transformation program delivered $75 million of incremental annualized savings during the first quarter, consistent with the expected pacing of $100 million in incremental run rate savings we expect to generate from the program this year. This brings the total to $224 million in cumulative annualized savings since the program's inception. We continue to search for additional opportunities for savings. Overall, we believe we're making progress toward our long-term organic growth, margin expansion and EPS targets. Continued execution of our strategic initiatives this quarter delivered healthier organic revenue growth, strong adjusted operating margin expansion and further savings from our transformation program. In closing, I want to thank our colleagues for their performance this quarter and their unwavering dedication. We are truly appreciative of their continued commitment to our vision and a relentless focus on our strategic priorities to grow, simplify and transform. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, Carl. Good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us today. Our clients continue to face a host of economic challenges including rising commercial insurance rates. However, pricing increases appear to be moderating as our fourth quarter 2022 commercial lines insurance pricing survey showed an aggregate increase of just below 5%. Data for nearly all lines continue to indicate price increases with the exception of workers' compensation and directors and officers' liability. The largest price increases came in commercial auto, followed by commercial property. We continue to focus on helping our clients with our specialized knowledge in risk and broking capabilities, so they can make more informed decisions about how to best manage their risk in the current environment. As Carl mentioned, we had a strong start to the year with first quarter revenue up 8% on an organic basis and solid growth across our portfolio of businesses. Our adjusted operating margin was 18.6%, a 140 basis point improvement over prior year, reflecting our growth and expense discipline along with the benefits of our transformation program. The net result was adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.84, a 7% increase over the prior year. Let's turn to our detailed segment results. Note that to provide comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis unless specifically stated otherwise. The Health, Wealth and Care segment generated revenue growth of 6% on both in organic and constant currency basis compared to the first quarter of last year. Revenue for health increased 8% for the quarter, primarily due to increased project work in North America related to helping clients implement, legislative changes and managed plan costs, as well as from strong growth in international with new client appointments supplemented by healthcare inflation and increases in clients covered populations. Wealth grew 4% in the first quarter. The growth was primarily attributable to higher levels of retirement work in Europe and North America including compliance and de risking projects along with new client acquisitions. This growth was partially offset by a nominal decrease in our investments business, which continued to be pressured by the declines in capital markets that occurred in the second half of 2022. Career experienced 4% growth in the quarter, driven by increased demand for advisory services and increases in data and software license sales. Benefits Delivery and Outsourcing generated 7% growth in the quarter. The increase was driven by new outsourcing clients and compliance projects plus strength in our individual marketplace with growth from higher volumes and placements of Medicare Advantage and life policies. HWC's operating margin was 24% this quarter compared to 20.7% in the same prior year period. This strong margin growth was primarily due to higher operating leverage. Risk and Broking revenue was up 10% on an organic basis and 5% on the constant currency basis compared to the prior year first quarter. Corporate Risk and Broking had an outstanding quarter with an organic revenue increase of 10% driven by growth across all regions in most lines of business, primarily from new business and improved retention. As we've indicated, book-of-business settlement activity has slowed after the uptick over the last two years, with only a one percentage point impact on organic growth for the quarter. Investment income was $12 million for the quarter due to higher rates and impacted organic growth for the quarter by one percentage point. North America had a strong quarter due to new and renewal business and increased retention. A result of the strategic investments and initiatives that Carl highlighted earlier. Europe also had solid new business performance across a number of product lines including aerospace, financial solutions and natural resources as our focus on building and strengthening our industry and product specializations continues to deliver robust growth. International also contributed to organic growth with double digit growth in all regions. In the insurance consulting and technology business, revenue was up 7% over the prior year period, primarily driven by increased sales and retention in technology solutions. R&B's operating margin was 19.9% for the first quarter compared to 21.6% in the prior year first quarter. Margin headwinds reflect the inclusion of profits up until the date of deconsolidation from our now divested Russia business in the comparable period. Absent this headwind, margins improved as a result of organic revenue growth in CRB, transformation savings, gain on sale and interest income, and partially offset by the run rate impacts of 2022 strategic investment hires. As we expected, last year's key hires have begun to contribute our performance in a meaningful way as exemplified by the solid organic growth this quarter and we continue to expect a ramp up in production this year. Now let's turn to the enterprise level results. We generated profitable growth this quarter with our adjusted operating margin increasing 140 basis points to 18.6% from 17.2% in the prior year. This improvement reflects the benefits of higher operating leverage from the increased top line growth and transformation related savings, which we expect to continue to be a key contributor to our ongoing margin expansion and the attainment of our 2024 margin goals. Please note that the margin tailwind created by interest income and book-of-business settlement activity was offset by the margin headwind from the divestiture of our highly profitable Russia business, whose results were included in the prior year up until the day to deconsolidation. Foreign currency was a headwind on adjusted EPS of $0.06 for the first quarter, largely due to the strength of the U. S. Dollar. Assuming today's rates continue for the remainder of the year, we'd expect a foreign currency headwind on adjusted earnings per share of $0.05. Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 19.5% versus 27.5% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 20.5% compared to 21.1% in the prior year. The current quarter adjusted tax rate is lower primarily due to the favorable impact of discrete items in the current year. The adjusted tax rate for the full year may increased moderately as a result of the UK corporate tax rate increase, which became effective on April 1. Our strong balance sheet gives us continued confidence in our ability to execute a disciplined capital allocation strategy that balances capital return to shareholders with internal investments and strategic M&A to deploy our capital in the highest return opportunities. During the quarter, we paid $87 million in dividends and repurchased approximately 432,000 shares for $104 million. We continue to view share repurchases as an attractive use of capital. We generated free cash flow of $92 million for the first quarter of 2023 compared to free cash flow of negative $10 million in the prior year. The $102 million year-over-year improvement in free cash flow was primarily driven by more favorable working capital improvements resulting mostly from higher cash collections and lower discretionary compensation payments made in the current year quarter as compared to the prior year quarter. Our Q1 results are reflective of the progress we've made since the beginning of 2022. We've come a long way, stabilizing the business, rebuilding our talent base, strengthening our organic revenue growth and accelerating the transformation program to drive greater profitability in the future. We're committed to delivering the same success with free cash flow generating. Though our actions on free cash flow have not yet yielded results within the timeframe we expected, we remain focused in the near term on driving meaningful improvement in our free cash flow margin for 2022's base of 8% free cash flow margin and in the longer term, making continual progress and moving more towards peer levels. As free cash flow generation remains a high priority, we've made enhancements to our original improvement plans to strengthen our organizational focus on cash flow. As you may have seen in our proxy statement, we have added free cash flow as a KPI for annual incentives in the executive compensation program and are working on implementing cash flow linked KPIs for others in the organization to drive broader accountability across the company. In addition, we are focused on pursuing long-term structural and contractual improvements to the cash aspects of how our businesses operate. As you might expect, this is the area where we have the largest class of opportunities to improve, but those opportunities are the most time consuming to realize. As a reminder, full year 2023 pension income is expected to be about $112 million. If this level of pension income remains consistent in 2024, it would pose a significant headwind to our 2024 adjusted EPS target. Pension income, which is sensitive to macroeconomic conditions is remeasured at year end. Accordingly, we will provide additional guidance on our 2024 pension income expectations and the resulting impact to the adjusted EPS target when we release Q4 2023 earnings results. Overall, we are excited by the strong start to 2023, with business performance ramping up as expected and the benefits of our investments in talent and technology starting to meaningfully contribute to results. In addition, our successful transformation efforts and operating leverage have allowed us to continue to drive margin expansion. We have made consistent progress in our commitments for organic revenue growth and increased operating margins in EPS. With that, let's open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will conduct the question and answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from C. Gregory Peters of Raymond James. Mr. Peters?
C. Gregory Peters: Good morning, Carl and Andrew. I guess let's kick off the Q&A with the organic and risk and broking seems to be accelerating. And looking over your comments in the slide deck, at the same time we're seeing some compression on operating margin. So I guess, as I think about that, maybe comment on where we are in the hiring super  the hiring cycle or reinvestment cycle of talent? And how you think about organic. I know you don't really like to guide quarterly, but it seems like there's quarterly sequential improvement. How are you thinking about it for the balance of the year?
Carl Hess: Sure, Greg. Thanks, and good morning. So, I mean, we're actually very pleased, right, with the progress we've made in terms of the revenue acceleration in risk and broking. And that's -- while there is some rate pressure, specifically in financial lines and in our M&A business where just simply economic activity in terms of merchant acquisition has declined and that has an effect. We're actually really pleased with the momentum across the portfolio. We're growing particular our global lines and we continue to grow across all geographies. We do see the momentum building up the hires we've made since the last part of '21 going into '22. These people continue to contribute and we've seen momentum build up in what they're bringing to revenue and the bottom line, and we anticipate that to be a helpful accelerate during the rest of the year. In addition, the results in insurance consulting and technology, driven by software sales are encouraging. This is sort of recurring revenue helps build a base that continues to be a strong performer for us. The environment for our services remains one where we have a lot of optimism regarding that. These are -- we are able to help clients with their risk management and risk mitigation strategies across a variety of back economic conditions. So I think we're pretty well poised for the year ahead. We continue to look for good talent in the business. As I've said before, right, we'll never stop that. But I think we've actually largely reloaded across the portfolio in terms of not having significant major gaps in what we're able to deliver to the marketplace. And that's been 1 of the reasons that the results are what they are.
Andrew Krasner: Greg, it's Andrew. I think just one other thing to think about as it relates to organic growth in Risk & Broking and across the enterprise as well as that of last year, there were $45 million of book sales. So we just want to be thoughtful about that going forward as it relates to organic growth. And I think you also had a question around margin. as well within the segment for the quarter. So Risk and Broking had a margin decrease of 170 basis points. And excluding interest income of $12 million and bookings of $7 million, the margin decrease was about 310 basis points. However, interest income and book gains were more than offset by a $37 million operating income headwind from the deconsolidation of the Russia business, which happened in the first quarter of last year, and that component equated to a 340 basis point margin headwind. So absent that, some growth there and margin.
C. Gregory Peters: I just want to follow up on the margin headwinds. It feels like that we shouldn't be seeing these type of headwinds as we move through the year. Is there any point in time where you think you'll hit that inflection where the hiring will normalize -- the normalized hiring will reflect in the margin results. Clearly, Russia is now over with after first quarter. But just trying to see how you guys are thinking about the cadence of margins this year.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. As you know, we don't give margin guidance by segment. But with regard to the full year, we're excited about the trajectory for margin growth within Risk and Broking. As you know, we ensure to ensure we maximize our future growth potential, and as Carl mentioned, right, started making some meaningful investments in the revenue-producing talent and we're now beginning to see those results from those investments to come through, and we expect that momentum to continue. So that, combined with the efficiencies created for transformation, we have confidence in the continued acceleration of margin improvement in that business over time.
C. Gregory Peters: sense. I guess the other question, I'll pivot to the free cash flow revision. And as part of your 2024 guidance, and I know you slipped in a comment about EPS in Russia and the other headwinds there, but -- or pension excuse me. But on free cash flow, can you talk about how the free cash flow update might affect your ability to buy stock back in the future? And maybe just give us an updated view on that.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. We think about share repurchase as 1 of the investment opportunities that we have, utilizing free cash flow. So of course, we balance the share repurchase activity across other organic and inorganic investments. And we monitor that continuously along with the rest of the capital structure. So we feel pretty good about our ability to continue to reinvest in share repurchases, if that's the right reinvestment decision from the free cash flow.
C. Gregory Peters: And just a point on the free cash flow guidance. Is there any unusual headwinds outside of restructuring that might hit 23 that weren't in '22?
Andrew Krasner: Outside of transformation nothing that we're currently anticipating or aware of.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Paul Newsome from Piper Sandler.
Paul Newsome : I'm sorry, I want to beat on the free cash flow change. Could you really just kind of hone in a little bit more on what changed in the last 3 months that changed the your thoughts. It just wasn't clear to me. I apologize if it's just me exactly what changed in the environment that changed your view on it?
Andrew Krasner: Paul, it's Andrew. So we previously believed that there were headwinds in risk to overcome. There were also multiple potential paths open to us to meet our free cash flow target by the end -- as you know, different circumstances in past can produce very different cash flow results and. Since February, we've updated our assessment of the various circumstances around free cash flow, including the progress of free cash flow improvement efforts, updated economic and financial market conditions, currency movements, business-specific dynamics and the expected level of transformation spend. And based on those recent assessments, we believe the potential path to achieving the prior target by the end of 2024 have narrowed. And therefore, we updated our target for future free cash flow to reflect our view that while we believe we'll make continual progress in improving free cash flow conversion. It's just likely to take us beyond the end of 2024 to realize the full opportunities that we see. We've come a long way, stabilizing the business, rebuilding our talent base. strengthening organic revenue growth and accelerating the transformation program to drive greater profitability. And we're still committed to delivering the same success with free cash flow generation. And while we would have liked to have made more progress on it to date, it's just taking longer to achieve than some of the other financial goals.
Paul Newsome : Similarly to the EPS goal, I mean, I would have thought that the best estimate of 2024 pension revenue would be this year's revenue. And I think consensus is reflecting some view that, that goal is going to be difficult to achieve. Why not just sort of with the band-aid off and lower than expectations [indiscernible].
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So we'll not know our expectations for pension income for 2024 until the end of 2023 when we perform our valuation and expect to provide relevant updates at that time. We're calling out the challenge presented by the pension income dynamics, and it's something we've talked about before, and which has continued its pension income remains pressured through 2023. And if that dynamic continues in 2024, it will be meaningfully harder to reach our existing target and if pension income rebounded to where it had been in the past. And having said that, we remain focused on driving the organic growth operating leverage and cost savings to achieve our long-term EPS target to help offset that headwind.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan : My first question since you guys are calling out the pension income and then obviously, we have the free cash flow update. Does that mean that you took another look, I guess, at the '24 guidance? And that you have confidence in the other components of the financial plan, your revenue target and margin goals? And so the only, I guess, component that there's concern about is pension income?
Carl Hess : Elyse, I think we're making great progress on our revenue goals and our margin goals. And things that we can control, we are driving through the organization and driving hard, and we're very happy with the progress we've made to date. The reason we call out the pensions is that's driven by external interest rates and capital market returns. And despite having a market-leading investment business, those aren't things we can control.
Elyse Greenspan : And then my second question goes back to the R&D margin. And I know you did call out some book of business gains last Q2, but you also get the benefit, right, that the investment income, higher investment income that can come through this Q2. But I just want to understand the comments. So it sounds like if we neutralize for Russia, produce our investment income and book gains, right? Maybe you would have got a little bit of margin improvement within RMB. So if that's the case, I think it's around 30 basis points, would you expect to at least see that 30 basis points of improvement from here? I'm just particularly concerned with the leverage within RMB, especially if you're able to continue to report high single-digit organic revenue growth in the segment?
Andrew Krasner: Elyse, and your math there is spot on. as I said earlier, we don't guide on segment margins. but we do expect that the margin trajectory to continue on a path, but it will be could be choppy quarter-to-quarter, and we do have the potential headwind from the book sales from last year, weighing on margin in Q2, for example. But over the long term, we're still very confident about the margin acceleration in that business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andrew Kligerman of Credit Suisse.
Andrew Kligerman : Maybe thinking about the organic revenue growth. You target mid-single digit following this quarter. And it strikes me that there could be materially more upside. I mean I think your net hiring risk and brokerage just by our calculation was up 7% year-over-year, maybe even more HealthWealth and Career's 4.5%. And I guess that you have a book of business headwind of $45 million in the second quarter. But you also had 1.5 point benefit this quarter from interest income and that should persist through the year. You've got inflation, which is helping drive up organic revenues, we saw a big number from a competitor of yours. So the question is, is that mid-single-digit guidance around organic revenue growth? Is the bias for potential on the upside to that? Or what should we be thinking about?
Carl Hess : Yes. Andrew, I mean, we're obviously pretty pleased with our progress this quarter, and we do expect healthy growth for the rest of the year. There is a lot of economic uncertainty out there. But despite the uncertainty, there's continued strong demand for our services across the portfolio. Yes, it is early in the year, right? So we are not adjusting our mid-single-digit organic expectations at this time. But you're right, the momentum in the business does look favorable. So -- and we -- that's one of the reasons we remain confident in our longer-term goals, closing the revenue gap with peers and continue to get to our long target, right? The strategic hiring we've made, the initiatives we talked about at the beginning of the call, all that's playing into the revenue momentum in the portfolio.
Andrew Kligerman : Got it. And then second question, just moving back to the free cash flow in the quarter of $92 million. But by our expectation, we were thinking maybe you come in somewhere between $300 million and $400 million. And just kind of hoping you could unpack what those pieces were that kind of came off course because last quarter, despite a pressured free cash flow number, you seemed optimistic that you could still get into that 3-year figure of 4.3% to 5.3%. You figured there were ways to kind of maneuver to that. And now we're looking at $92 million this quarter. And I'm wondering a, how did it get this low? What were the key pieces? And two, how do you get -- now that you've kind of tossed the 4.3% to 5.3%. And what seemed like a good -- forget the margins, it seems like you could just get to 1.6%, 1.7% a year. Is that something we could think about in 2025? Is that a real goal? And I'll stop there.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. So let me take that in 2 parts. So I think, first, just on the quarter free cash flow, I think this is the first time in a number of years where the free cash flow in the first quarter has been a positive number. It is typically a negative number just given it is when discretionary compensation payments are made. So we feel very good about the free cash flow number for the first quarter of $92 million. For the sort of long-term sort of view, which I think is what you were getting at around free cash flow generation, we think we've provided sort of a balanced view, right, a very short and longer-term guidance, we recognize that we have work to do in pursuit of our long-term free cash flow margin goal. And we're confident that the areas we identified will help us make sustainable improvements. And over the -- over that long term, we do expect to see continual improvement in free cash flow margin towards peer levels.
Andrew Kligerman : Okay. So that kind of 4.3% to 5.3%, if you kind of annualize it by '25, do you think you can be in that kind of peer zone with that kind of annualized experience? Or is it still too early?
Andrew Krasner: I think it's a bit early, but where we're focused on is continual improvement from where we are today and making sure that we work our way towards pure averages over the long term.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Zaremski from BMO.
Michael Zaremski : So pension income, any thoughts about the potential to close out some of the pension plans is that a possibility to take advantage of higher rates. Some of your peers have taken some structural actions and charges over the last many years to kind of minimize that volatility? Or does that just not make sense from an economic perspective?
Carl Hess : Our pension design is actually pretty immune. The open plan of the U.S., right, is the one where you design changes might do anything. And that's one where we've actually made design changes over prior years to reduce a lot of the volatility associated with a traditional defined benefit design. Our big plan in the U.K. is basically doesn't have accruals for people anymore. So design changes wouldn't do anything there. And the investment strategy we run against these plans is designed to largely preserve the funded status of the plan. despite capital market interest rate fluctuations. And actually, if you look at the pension footnote, you'll see that those strategies did exactly what they were supposed to do during last year. So we're pretty happy with how we manage the plans for stability.
Michael Zaremski : Okay. That's clear. Okay. Last question. Just very good results in Health wealth career. Just curious, with a 1% GDP backdrop in 1Q, were results surprising to you? One of your peers recently said on their earnings call that they feel that some of the services they provide are currently deemed to be a little less discretionary than they've been in prior decades in kind of as the company sort out this post-pandemic world. Any thoughts there?
Carl Hess : Yes. We'll speak to the peers, but I think the team has done a great job over the years of positioning us for growth under all sorts of different conditions. And I do think that the relevance of the services we offer is as high as it's ever been, right? I mean there is demand in our wealth business for pension risk management solutions that are indeed a bit more feasible under current economic conditions for pension plan sponsors. There has been strong demand for our health business, project activity due to legislative changes in North America and our continued expansion of our client base and helping our clients deal with health care inflation and the effect on their costs. And in our career business, where over the years, we've taken strong steps to make sure that -- there's less of an emphasis on discretionary project work and more on software recurring revenue continues to grow and our -- the software licensing that we're doing in that business has been a substantial part of that. So yes, we're quite happy. And I guess I'd point out, generally, employers are still struggling with the new ways of working and the advice we can help to help them cope with sort of the new normal in terms and sort of the fact that despite any potential recessionary as employment levels still remain very high. I do remain optimistic about the demand for our services in that area.
Operator: Thank you very much. Our next call comes from Robert Cox with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. We seem to have lost Mr. Cox. All right. We seem to have lost Mr. Cox. Well move on to our next question. Our next question comes from David Motemaden from Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Motemaden : So I wanted to just ask on the free cash flow and I just wanted to get a better sense of some milestones that we can track from the 8% margin in 2022. In the disclosure, you said that -- or you mentioned the absence of onetime headwinds that will help you improve free cash flow meaningfully this year. And that's obviously offset by the cost to achieve for the transformation program. But these onetime headwinds that you're saying should help you improve or the absence of these onetime headwinds that should help you improve free cash flow. Could you size those for us?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. And I think this is some of the detail -- it's Andrew, that we had shared previously, so we can definitely go through that again and provide some additional insight there. So there were about $200 million of headwinds from related derivative payments, there was about $200 million of headwinds from tax-related timing payments and also about $100 million of incremental onetime discretionary compensation payments that we had discussed.
David Motemaden : Got it. That's helpful. Thanks for laying those out for me. I somehow missed that. So -- and I guess, and then the timing of the transformation program, I think there's still overall $536 million of cost to achieve that will happen over the next couple of years. Is it safe to assume that pretty equal spreading that out over the next couple of years?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think that's fair. It does move around a bit quarter-by-quarter and year-by-year. I was -- when it hits the cash flow statement. But yes, I think that's a safe assumption for now.
Operator: Thank you very much for your question. Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is open. Mr. Kinar? All right. Well, we can move on to our next question, which comes from Mark Marcon. Mr. Marcon is with Baird. Your line is open.
Mark Marcon: Good morning, Carl and Andrew. So on Health and careers, good -- really good margin improvement. Can you elaborate a little bit on some of the key drivers there? And then I know careers the discretionary element has been reduced. But we're starting to see some signs of cyclical slowing in some components of the economy. Are you seeing any evidence of you're still remaining discretionary elements being pressured at all? And how should we think about that with regards to the margins going forward?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, it's Andrew. Thanks for the questions. On the first part, regarding HWC's margin progress, I think there's really 2 components that you see there. One is the operating leverage just inherent in the business and two, the impact of transformation savings more visible in the bottom line.
Carl Hess : With respect to career, right? I mean you start peeling back the wood and look at the mix of services we have there, right? I mean, the demand for executive compensation services remains strong, and we believe that it will remain strong, pretty much regardless of economic conditions. For work in rewards in general, as I sort of talked about in the prior question, right, we do see continued demand for people to sort of deal with how the new ways of working affect compensation programs and benchmarking. And we've taken steps over the years, right, to be able to offer more of this as a software basis than discretionary consulting projects, which helps with the stability. And then we've taken quite an initiative over the last few years to embed employee experience into all aspects of how we deliver services across wealth and career and that's actually led to some substantial revenue momentum and demand for our employee portal software offering. So we think that the business is far more resilient than it had been in times past.
Mark Marcon: That's great. And then obviously, there's been all sorts of questions about the free cash flow target moving a little bit. And you mentioned specifically changing the KPIs to emphasize from a behavioral perspective, addressing some of the things that could accelerate free cash flow conversion. How long do you think it would take to get there? Everybody's been asking, does this mean '25 or '26 when we get to peer levels. While we've got the public call going, is there a way to just say here are the specific things that we're doing and here's when we think would be a reasonable time period to accomplish that. Or a conservative time period to accomplish it?
Carl Hess : Yes. And I can go through some of the buckets of initiatives that we are focused on but don't want to sort of get into specific timing because we are much focused on continual improvement in that area. So first is strengthening the organizational focus on free cash flow. You had mentioned the KPI for annual incentives, things of that nature. The second category is around working capital improvement opportunities across all of our businesses. So we do currently see substantial opportunities across receivables, payables and some of the other key working capital accounts. And the third area is around optimizing the cash generation profile of our business portfolio. And that is, as you might expect, one of the largest classes of opportunities, but also the most time consuming to realize.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar : Thanks for giving a second opportunity here. So I'll just start with continuing, I guess, to have the line of questions on free cash flow. So I think you mentioned that you expect the near-term meaningful improvement from 2022's margin of 8%. Do you also expect near-term improvement to 2022 free cash flow margin if we were to adjust back the onetime drags?
Andrew Krasner: You do have to think about the transformation spend as part of that. But we do expect to continue to make progress on that metric over time. There may be some volatility inherent in that. But over the longer term, we do expect continual progress on that metric.
Yaron Kinar : Okay. And then with regards to the pension income and the potential drag to 2024 EPS guidance. Can you maybe tell us what pension income levels or range were contemplated when the initial guidance was offered?
Carl Hess : The initial guidance looked at a variety of different economic scenarios. So I don't think it was any one particular scenario for what was going on with the...
Andrew Krasner: And I think what's changed was just the rapid, right, the pace of the movement in rates and capital returns that factored into that, but it was originally set back in 2021. And if you go back over the average of 7 years or so of investment of pension income it was well north of $250 million. So I think just the macro environment changed which drove sort of the big change in the pension income.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charlie Lederer of Citi. Your line is open.
Charlie Lederer: Just looking at some of the drivers of strength in global lines over the last year or so, can you pack if there are or unpack if there are any particular lines that you're more excited about going forward? And I guess in aerospace, specifically, can you talk about whether you're gaining share or more benefiting from a favorable environment?
Carl Hess : We're very happy with the progress across all global lines. I did call out Phenex where we've got particular challenges, not particular to us. But I think looking at anyone who's got a similar footprint, you're going to find the same thing as the combination of rate and sector activity in M&A. But the results are actually quite strong across the portfolio. I'm not going to dive into particular concentrated areas, right, such as aerospace, but we're very happy with the performance of our teams, and I think we have great momentum going forward.
Charlie Lederer: Okay. And then I guess, can you provide any color on TRANZACT performance in the quarter? And then wondering if you have a view on CMS' new Medicare marketing rules and whether that could have an impact going forward.
Carl Hess : So we're quite happy with TRANZACT performance for the quarter, and we see -- we expect continued growth for TRANZACT this year. We do view the issuance of the recent CMS regulations as a manageable event.
Operator: Thank you very much for your question. Our next question comes from Meyer Shields of Keefe, Bruyette, & Woods. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields : Thanks. I was hoping -- pardon me, to get some color on where you see the needs for hiring now? Is it maintenance? Are there still some of the gaps that we saw in the aftermath of elevated attrition, I was hoping you could talk through that?
Operator: I'm sorry, we seem to have an issue with the line, you'll hold for just one moment.
Carl Hess : I think we're back now, operator. So the -- we have -- I think I'd put it this way, right? We don't have major gaps anymore, Meyer, the way we did in late 2021, 222. The teams have done a great job of bringing in talent across the organization. And that shows up and improved retention rates in the portfolio and some of the revenue acceleration we've seen in new business. So we're quite happy with where we are. As I said earlier, right, we'll always be on the lookout for good talent. So this is a people business and good talent is how you continue to grow this business. But we're happy with our human capital situation right now.
Meyer Shields : Okay. Perfect. That's helpful. Second question, does the revised free cash flow outlook impact your M&A potential strategy?
Andrew Krasner: It's Andrew. I think we're very comfortable with our capital position and the capital structure and the embedded financial flexibility that we have there to be able to take advantage of opportunities that come our way. So no concern from our perspective there whatsoever.
Operator: Thank you very much. And our next question comes from Mark Hughes with Truist Securities. Mr. Hughes, your line is open.
Mark Hughes : Yes. Thanks. Good morning. On the wealth business, if we do see interest rates decline in coming quarters, how does that impact the pension project work? Maybe refresh me on that?
Carl Hess : So the wealth business has 2 components, right? We've got our retirement consulting business which is largely recurring work, right? Valuations are pension plans, et cetera. And then we have project work, various sorts, including pension risk transfer. The market right now for pension risk transfer with funded status approved in pro pension plans across most major economies is a good one. And should rates decline, depending what sort of if equity markets rise in response to a rate decline, you probably wouldn't see deterioration in funded positions, which leaves pension risk transfer opportunities just as attractive for plan sponsors. But a lot of what we do is not just the actual transaction itself, but helping people monitor these conditions and determine whether other activities such as bulk home sums might be attractive. So we do anticipate continued demand in this particular area. I would point out that if you saw less demand for pension risk transfer, that's less assets leaving our investments business. So we've got a bit of a hedge in the portfolio there.
Mark Hughes : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Hughes. And thank you, everyone, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude our program, and you may now disconnect. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-09 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the WTW Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to wtwco.com for the press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Todays call is being recorded and will be available for the next three months on WTWs website. Some of the comments in todays call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today in the company and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements. One moment. Thank you. Some of the comments in todays call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed in todays company and undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For more details discussed of these and other risk factors investors should review the forward-looking statements section in the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings. During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. For reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the companys website. Ill now turn the call over to Carl Hess, WTW Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Carl Hess: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for WTWs fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me today is Andrew Krasner, our Chief Financial Officer. In 2022, we focused on executing against our growth, simplify and transform strategic priorities, continuing to bring the best of WTW to our clients and generating value for our shareholders. Im proud to say that we delivered on all of these commitments. Today, we are stronger, more resilient and better positioned than we were a year ago, and Im excited about what we will achieve going forward. Our fourth quarter performance reflects the momentum weve been building and is a solid finish to a great year. In Q4, we delivered 5% organic growth, which brought our full year organic growth to 4%, in line with the mid-single digit forecast for 2022. We also saw a modest margin expansion despite significant headwinds from prior year book of business settlement activity, which is expected to normalize going forward. We generated adjusted diluted earnings per share of $6.33, up 12% over the prior year fourth quarter. We also continued to execute against our capital allocation strategy completing another $440 million in share repurchases in the fourth quarter, bringing our full year total to $3.5 billion. Our transformation efforts continue to have a significant impact. During the fourth quarter, we realized $49 million of incremental annualized savings. This brings the total to $149 million in cumulative annualized savings since the programs inception and positions us well to achieve our 2024 target of $360 million. In advancing our simplified goals, we further refined our organizational structure by consolidating our Asia and Australasia operations into one Asia-Pacific region. This streamlined unit will be better able to leverage shared resources and to seamlessly serve clients in the region. Simon Weaver, who is previously the Head of Australasia will lead the new integrated region and be responsible for driving growth through closer collaboration across the business. For our grow initiatives, we remain focused on driving better outcomes for our clients through our innovative and differentiated offerings. Most recently, we launched a customized online platform for the aviation sector, which gives our clients access to WTWs expertise across the globe 24/7. Tailored to the unique challenges and needs of the sector, this platform allows airline and aviation-related clients to share technical expertise, news and insights, strengthening the breadth and depth of our client and industry relationships. We also advanced our grow initiatives with the recent introduction of WTWs collaboration with Liberty Specialty Markets and Markel. Together, we launched the pilot phase of an innovative digital commercial insurance platform. This is a significant step forward in our broader strategy to transform our digital capabilities across the entire value chain. The venture will improve connectivity, giving brokers efficient, flexible trading options. Elsewhere within Risk and Broking, the ongoing rollout of our industry specialization strategy in CRB is producing great results with our global lines of business driving high-single digit organic growth. Were also excited by the traction our grow initiatives have gained within Health, Wealth & Career. Our focus on making connections across our businesses produced meaningful benefits in the fourth quarter with a noteworthy portion of our discretionary project sales referred by other businesses. In 2022, we made significant investments in rebuilding our talent base. WTW hired over 9,700 colleagues last year, demonstrating the appeal of WTW as a destination for talent. Our investment has translated into revenue growth in 2022, and we expect this to continue throughout 2023. We also saw the benefit of our retention efforts with voluntary attrition remaining in line with macro trends. As a result, WTW finished the year with 46,600 colleagues around the globe, an increase that has restored our headcount to 2019 levels despite the divestitures made since that time. Overall, Im pleased with our fourth quarter performance. The progress we have made to date, executing our strategic priorities to grow, simplify and transform gives us confidence that WTW is on the right path to drive sustainable growth and value creation. In the year ahead, were focused on further accelerating our growth, driving greater operating leverage and prioritizing cash generation. The current complex economic environment supports our ambitions. Our clients are facing many uncertainties, including inflation, rising interest rates, softer GDP growth, a tight labor market, ESG risk and potential recession. The regulatory focus on pensions in an uncertain economic environment is also heightened. As weve seen historically, such volatility can create strong demand for specialist work and products that our unique combination of businesses provide. Im pleased with our ability to help clients evaluate their risks and opportunities in these complex environments. For example, recent market dynamics have provided defined benefit plan sponsors for the increased funding levels, which in turn has created flexibility to explore a range of potential alternatives including modifications to investment strategies as well as pension risk transfer options. Weve seen a significant increase in pension risk transfer projects, many of which evolved over multiple years and require a high degree of specialization. In addition, were seeing increased interest in clients reviewing their non-qualified benefits as well as investigating programs to manage their workforces, additional areas in which we are ideally placed to help. Many of our clients also continue to navigate sustained rising commercial insurance rates across various lines, insurers are pushing for premium increases. This causes even greater challenges for our clients as they try to manage complex risks. Were well-positioned to help clients through this difficult rate environment. Our customized tools ensure that clients get the best return for their premium dollar across their entire portfolio of risks. We call this Connected Risk Intelligence and believe it represents the future of financially efficient insurance buying. At the same time, we continue to build momentum. Our recent hires are becoming more productive. Were getting faster, more agile and better connected and our transformation program is delivering. We see continued demand from clients seeking our solutions to manage their unique challenges, which strengthens our conviction in achieving mid-single digit organic revenue growth in 2023. We expect to deliver another year of operating margin expansion led by an incremental $100 million in annualized transformation program cost savings and improved free cash flow. Andrew will share more details on our outlook for the year, but in short, were driving hard to achieve our long-term targets. In closing, our performance in 2022 demonstrated our focus on delivering on our commitments and our pursuit of profitable, sustainable growth. We believe that robust client demand in the face of a complex risk environment and the successful execution of our strategy will continue to drive momentum and we remain focused on achieving our goals and creating shareholder value. Last, but certainly not least, I want to thank our colleagues for their performance this year. I sincerely appreciate their dedication, service and continued commitment to our clients. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, Carl. Good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us today. As Carl mentioned, we finished the year on a high note and our outlook for 2023 is positive. Now Id like to share some further details on our financial results. The fourth quarter was in line with our expectations, with revenue up 5% on an organic basis. For the year, organic revenue growth was 4%, and we had solid growth across our portfolio of businesses. For the quarter, adjusted diluted earnings per share were $6.33, an increase of 12% over the prior year. For the year, adjusted diluted earnings per share were $13.41, representing 16% growth over the prior year. Now on to our detailed segment results. Note that to provide comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. The health, wealth and career or HWC segment generated revenue growth of 5% on an organic and constant currency basis compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Excluding the year-over-year headwind from book of business settlement activity, HWCs organic revenue grew 6%. Revenue for health was flat for the fourth quarter primarily due to a strong comparative arising from book gains in the prior year. Excluding this activity, health revenue grew 6%, primarily driven by portfolio growth and new client appointments in Europe and international as well as increased project work in North America related to helping clients manage increasing costs and implementing legislative changes. Wealth grew 5% in the fourth quarter. The growth was primarily attributable to higher levels of project work, actuarial valuation activity and new administration clients in North America and a combination of regulatory and settlement work in Great Britain. This growth was partially offset by a nominal decrease in our Investments business, which was pressured by declines in capital markets, an expected headwind we mentioned during our third quarter earnings call. The Wealth business finished the year with a strong fourth quarter, offsetting declines experienced earlier in 2022. Career experienced 9% growth in the fourth quarter. This growth was largely driven by strong client demand for talent and compensation products, including compensation benchmarking surveys and advisory work, as well as employee engagement offerings, which we expect to continue this year. Benefits Delivery and Outsourcing generated 6% revenue growth in the fourth quarter. The increase was largely driven by individual marketplace, with strong growth from higher volumes and placements in Medicare Advantage policies. As expected, TRANZACT delivered double-digit growth in its seasonally strongest quarter and for the full year, driven by a supportive macro environment and our focus on profitably growing the business. Technology and Administrative Solutions revenue also increased primarily due to new client appointments and increased project activity. We continue to see growth opportunities for these businesses and expect that they will continue their growth trajectory into 2023. HWCs operating margin was 39% for this quarter compared to 38.2% in the prior year fourth quarter. Excluding the impact of book of business activity, HWCs operating margin was 39% compared to 37.6% in the prior year fourth quarter. For the full year, HWCs operating margin was 26.1% compared to 25.6% in the prior year. The 50 basis point improvement was due to improved operating leverage and transformation-related savings. Risk and Broking revenue was up 5% on an organic basis and 3% on a constant currency basis compared to the prior year fourth quarter. Excluding the headwind from book of business settlement activity, R&Bs organic revenue increased 6%. Corporate Risk & Broking or CRB, organic revenue increased 3%. Excluding book of business settlement activity, CRBs organic revenue growth was 5%. The business generated growth across all regions, driven by new business wins in construction, natural resources and aerospace. Excluding headwinds from prior year book of business settlements, North America revenue increased with notable growth in construction. Europe and international also made strong contributions to CRBs growth with new business in construction and aerospace. In the Insurance Consulting and Technology business, revenue was up 17% over the prior year fourth quarter, benefiting from the timing of software sales, which had originally been expected earlier in the year as well as increased advisory work. For the year, ICT delivered strong growth of 9%, in line with our long-term expectations for this business. R&Bs operating margin was 28.3% for the quarter compared to 30.1% in the prior year fourth quarter. Excluding the impact of book of business activity, R&Bs operating margin was 27.6% for the quarter compared to 28.3% in the prior year fourth quarter. For the full year, R&Bs operating margin was 21.2% compared to 23.4% in the prior year. The decline in margin was due to our significant investments in talent. We expect these investments to continue to gain momentum in 2023 as the contributions of these hires become more meaningful. Now lets turn to the enterprise level results. Adjusted operating income was $882 million for the quarter with 32% of revenue, a 20 basis point improvement over the prior year. For the year, adjusted operating margin was 20.9%, a 100 basis point improvement over the prior year. Our improved adjusted operating margins primarily reflect the benefits of strategic portfolio management which were realized at the corporate level, alongside transformation program savings, which were realized at the segment level, but in some of our businesses were more than offset by our increased investments in talent during the period. As Carl mentioned, during the fourth quarter, we realized $49 million of incremental annualized savings. Transformation savings will continue to be a key aspect of our ongoing margin expansion efforts as were encouraged by the results this year, which exceeded both our original $30 million target for 2022 and our most recent forecast of $110 million for the year. To date, our transformation savings have outpaced our original expectations from a timing perspective, driven primarily by accelerated workforce savings, technology savings from migrating operations to the cloud and reductions in our overall real estate footprint. For 2023, we expect our transformation program to deliver approximately $100 million in incremental run rate savings by the end of the year with continued contributions from real estate, technology and process optimization. Foreign currency was a headwind on adjusted EPS of $0.25 for the year, largely due to the strength of the U.S. dollar. Assuming exchange rates remain at current levels, we expect foreign currency to be a $0.06 headwind in Q1 of 2023, but only a $0.01 headwind for the full year. We generated free cash flow of $674 million for 2022 compared to free cash flow of $1.9 billion in 2021. This decrease was primarily due to the receipt of the $1 billion termination fee in the comparable period and the absence of cash generation from the divested treaty-reinsurance business. Looking ahead, growing earnings and generating healthy free cash flow remain our priorities. Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the fourth quarter was 17.7% versus 20.8% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 22.2% versus 21.1% in the prior year, with the difference primarily due to the geographic distribution of profits. For the year, our U.S. GAAP tax rate was 15.4% versus 19.9% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the full year was 20.9%, more in line with the 20.7% rate in the prior year. In 2022, we returned a significant amount of capital to our shareholders, paying $369 million in dividends and repurchasing 15.7 million shares for $3.5 billion. We will continue to pursue a disciplined capital allocation strategy that balances capital return with internal investments and strategic M&A to deploy our capital in the highest return opportunities. While we expect share repurchases to remain the primary avenue for capital deployment, we continue to evaluate all our options to create value for shareholders. Turning to our 2023 guidance. Based on current market conditions, we expect to deliver mid-single-digit organic revenue growth alongside adjusted operating margin expansion despite continued investments in long-term growth. We also expect an improvement in free cash flow now that onetime cash outflows primarily related to our divested treaty-reinsurance business are behind us. As I mentioned earlier, we expect to see $100 million in incremental annualized transformation program savings. With respect to non-cash pension income, we expect to see a decline due to market volatility and interest rate movements. For 2023, we expect about $112 million in pension income as compared to $271 million in 2022. Id like to note that despite this dynamic, the funded position of our plans has improved. We remain focused on our long-term targets and recognize that to achieve them, we will need to build on prior momentum and continue to accelerate revenue, margin and cash flow growth. Each of these areas remains the subject of significant management attention. Overall, it was a strong quarter and year for WTW with performance that aligned with our expectations. Our results reflect a lot of hard work, which included vigorous hiring efforts, investments in technology, successful transformation initiatives and the unwavering dedication of our colleagues. We ended the year in a solid position, and Im confident that we will continue to build momentum in 2023 as we work to achieve our long-term targets. With that, lets open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, Thanks. Good morning. My first question. Can you guys just give us the impact of the book gains and the fiduciary investment income on both your revenue and margins for the fourth quarter as well as for the full year?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. Thanks, Elyse. Its Andrew. I think, as you point out, its meaningful to talk about those two components that underlie the revenue growth figures for the quarter. As you know, we had headwinds from gain on sale activities, and these were partially offset by sort of investment income. The tailwind from investment income was $24 million for the quarter and $43 million for the full year. And that was partially offset by the headwinds which we had from the gain on sale activity which was $65 million for the quarter and $63 million for the full year. I think its also important to note that we still would have had mid-single-digit organic growth and margin expansion absent those items.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you. And then my second question is on free cash flow, right? Given where you guys were for 2022, I mean youre still  youre running short of that three-year target that you guys have laid out. And so  could you just get  is there a line of sight to getting into that free cash flow target? And can you just talk through some of the ways youre looking to improve your free cash flow in 2023 and 2024?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. As we discussed on the last call, we faced more headwinds on free cash flow than we originally anticipated, including our exit from Russia and timing differences from cash payments made in 2022 on both the termination fee and the Willis regain. Non-recurring working capital items, including these tax payments and other economic factors had a meaningful impact on free cash flow in 2022. Looking ahead, weve not provided any annual free cash flow guidance, but we do remain committed to achieving our cumulative three-year free cash flow target of $4.3 billion to $5.3 billion. Were focused on free cash flow generation, we understand what is required to reach that target from where we are today, and we are lining things up to get there. We expect the one-off items and the related headwinds to abate were optimizing the cash generation profile of our business portfolio, and were focusing on tactical working capital improvements as well.
Elyse Greenspan: And then just one more quick one. So you did revise your 2024 EPS target last quarter. But then this quarter, right, you gave us the pension income guide, which is lower pension income for 2023. Is that embedded within the guide, the $17.50 to $20.50, right? That pension income will be lower, you would have a lower base in 2023 and still be able to get to that 24% EPS target?
Carl Hess: So Elyse, weve not adjusted our 2024 pension income assumption for the current headwind weve got in 2023. As weve seen during the last 12 months, a lot can happen when it comes to external factors, so a lot can change over the next two years as well. We do remain focused on driving organic growth, operating leverage and cost savings to achieve our long-term EPS target.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Gregory Peters: Good morning everyone. For my first question, Im going to focus in on both the adjusted operating margin. If I look at the full year and your results, its up 100 basis points from prior year. And in your prepared remarks, you talked about all the new hires that you successfully executed on last year. Can you talk about how those hires affected the margin results, the margin expansion results in 2022? And I guess when Im thinking about 2023 and 2024 as those employees get the new hires get more  get onboarded and they become more productive in year two and year three, maybe theres some tailwind on margin from that. So some perspective there would be helpful.
Carl Hess: Yes, Greg. So with regard to talent, I mean, were really pleased with the progress weve made on our higher efforts during the year. Net hiring for the year is positive. Our headcount is up by almost 2,500 to 46,600 employees, which is kind of back to 2019 levels, and thats despite the divestitures weve made since then. We do expect the contribution to the improvement in our talent base fee become more meaningful into 2023, and weve already seen positive trends as we progress through 2022. I think thats reflected in the revenue growth numbers from quarter-to-quarter. Were continuing to hire opportunistically in the number of open positions and base position, of course, are going to vary at any given time based on our needs. But were really encouraged by the progress weve made, and were going to continue to focus on expanding our talent base as necessary to achieve our growth targets. Youll probably see some further detail on our higher efforts in goals in our 10-K, which will be filed later in the month.
Gregory Peters: And just a point of clarification on that. I sort of viewed 2022 as like a hiring super cycle for you guys  is it  when I think about 2023, is it more  are we back to more normalized run rate type of additions? Or are you still  would you still think of 2023 is still looking out to make a substantial addition to your workforce?
Carl Hess: Well, we are continuing to hire opportunistically, as I said, Greg. And yes, theres always going to be some areas in a firm that is the span of services we do where you look and say, okay, we need to kind of advance what were doing more substantially than others. But I think were opportunistically is key, right? Whereas coming into 2022. As we talked about in earlier calls, we had more pronounced needs across the organization.
Gregory Peters: Yes, that makes sense. Okay. My second question, I guess, is my third technically, but my last question will be on organic revenue guidance. You provided the mid-single-digit guidance and I know you dont want to get mired down in the detail, but Im wondering if you could give us some idea of how you think the pieces inside Health, Wealth and Career and Risk and Broking might perform in 2023 in the context of the 2023 guidance. And I guess the reason why Im asking about this, as I look at the ICT results that were really strong, and Im just wondering if thats something like that can sustain itself? Thank you.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Thanks for that. We remain confident in our ability to get to the mid-single-digit growth in 2023 and beyond. Thats demonstrated by the organic revenue growth that we achieved this year, reflecting all of the momentum in our businesses. The continued growth from clients seeking our solutions coupled with our robust pipeline and investments that were making in our talent strengthens our conviction in our ability to achieve that mid-single-digit organic revenue growth in the future. Our focus remains on enterprise level, long-time organic  long-term organic revenue growth target in the mid-single digits and specifically regarding thoughts around the growth profiles of each of our businesses. Probably best to refer you back to our Investor Day materials from September of 21, where we did set some of that out business by business of what we expect long-term for each one of those components.
Gregory Peters: Got it. Thanks for the answers.
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore. Your line is open.
David Motemaden: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I was just wondering if you could size the benefit that the favorable ICT timing had an organic revenue growth in R&B in the quarter? And maybe just talk about how much of a headwind that would be in the first quarter of 2023?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, its Andrew. I assume youre referring to the comment about the timing of the ICT software sales? Is that right, David?
David Motemaden: Yes. Thats right.
Andrew Krasner: So that was stuff that actually we had expected earlier in the year that ended up occurring in the fourth quarter just to when sales cycles close, et cetera. So I think its best to look at that business on a full year basis, and thats in line with our expectations of how that business has performed over the longer term.
David Motemaden: Okay. Got it. Thats helpful. And then just looking at the R&B organic growth, I think it was 6% excluding the book of business drag and Im calculating around a 2-point also a 2-point benefit from fiduciary income. So Im getting to around 4% organic if I take out book of business impacts and fiduciary impacts, which is about the same as it was last quarter. So I guess Im wondering why we didnt see that  or I guess, first, is that right? And if so, why we really didnt see that growth accelerate versus the third quarter?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So I think the first point of clarification there is around the Risk and Broking growth rates. So 5% organic  6% organic, excluding the gain on sale and 6% excluding gain on sale and investment income. So it would have been 6% with or without the tailwind from investment income within that line of business.
David Motemaden: Okay. Great. Thanks. I missed that. Thanks for that.
Andrew Krasner: No problem.
David Motemaden: And I guess maybe just one more Ill sneak one in. Could you just size the adverse impact that the divested reinsurance business in Russia had on free cash flow this year? Because it does feel like a pretty big ramp to get to the low end of the free cash flow target over the next couple of years. So maybe just help us get a sense for what a more normalized free cash flow number would look like if we didnt have those items would be helpful?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We did talk a bit about this on the call, the last quarter. So I think we disclosed that the Russia business had about 1% of our total revenue base and a margin of more than double the enterprise margin. So there is some pretty healthy EBITDA cash flow associated with that. Additionally, we did write off a large amount of receivables that were associated with that business, which we were unable to collect. So theres a fairly sizable headwind, which presented itself from the divestiture and write-off of that business.
Carl Hess: Yes, just for clarity, that was our insurance broking business, not reinsurance broking which we  any of that would have already been divested with the Willis Re divestiture.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Michael Zaremski with BMO. Your line is open.
Michael Zaremski: Hey, good morning. I promise to just hold it to one question and a follow-up. First question, I just wanted to  I heard the answer to Elyses question about the pension income being factored into your long-term guide and it can be volatile. But I just want to be clear, its a meaningful headwind in 2023. And so are there other levers that youre pulling more so than you had kind of previously expected in 2023 to be able to show margin improvement?
Carl Hess: So just to clarify on the size of the headwind, as youll see in our 10-K, pension income for 2022 was $272 million and were guiding for $412 million in 2023. So that, I think, shows you the product quantitative basis what were facing. We do look at all levers available to us as we run this company. And to the extent weve got a headwind in the other direction, we search for what we can do elsewhere. That feels like how you manage the company every day. And just as weve seen during 2022, we can get all sorts of headwinds and directions, expected or not. We think the benefit of running the diversified portfolio we have, gives us the opportunity to adapt.
Michael Zaremski: Okay. And my follow-up, just curious, some of your peers have publicly talked about looking for ways to bring employees more back to the office and to better collaborate. I believe Willis has always kind of been collaborative and a more virtual environment. And youve been clear that a lot of the cost  some of the cost saves will come from less real estate. But any changes in kind of in your view on the meaningfully lower real estate footprint and kind of just the overall firms view of remote work? Thanks.
Carl Hess: So we absolutely have adapted really well to remote work, but we recognize the benefit of in-office collaboration as well. None of that is incompatible with a reduced real estate footprint and we are, I think, extremely successfully navigating back to work, back to collaboration and the flexibility that the workplace of tomorrow really wants from their employment. So Im really happy with how our colleagues have adapted and kept up to great work as they do, both in office and remote. Ive seen no lag in how were able to perform for our clients, and I think thats demonstrated by our results.
Michael Zaremski: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. Thanks for the call. I wanted to revisit the gain of the book sales impact. And if you could just give us a little bit more, maybe just walk us through, again, what the comparisons will likely be prospectively if we continue to have negative comparisons. And one thing Im not sure if I have it in my mind and maybe some others are not quite getting is I think theres two impacts. One is the actual comparison of having a gain a year ago versus not having today. But is that there also an impact of not having that book any more prospectively over the next year versus a year ago. And so how should we think about sort of those two pieces? And how long we will be talking about book gain comparisons.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So youre absolutely right. There is a second component, right, of the revenue that does bleed off, and that is sort of excluded from what weve been talking about in terms of the gain on sale headwinds that weve experienced in some of our businesses. We do expect that level of book sales to normalize going forward. And if you look back pre-2020, you can start to get a sense of what that normalized level looks like, and we do expect to be getting there in relatively short order as the events from 2021 get further and further away.
Paul Newsome: So does that mean that were essentially normalized into 2023 or we still going to be talking about this in the next couple of quarters?
Carl Hess: I think we put a book gains began to normalize as we progress through 2022, and we expect them to be in line with historical levels in 2023 as 2021 receives.
Andrew Krasner: So there may be some quarterly headwinds as that normalization continues throughout 2023. And well  as we have been provide detail on what that looks like.
Paul Newsome: Thanks. That was it. Ill see my second question to Elyse.
Carl Hess: Thanks, Paul.
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Andrew just to see if youre on mute.
Andrew Kligerman: Sorry about that. Good morning. I have been reading a lot about these net hires, particularly in the summer, you mentioned that construction and aerospace was quite strong. Could you give a sense of the kind of impact on volumes, sales, commissions that these hires might have in 2023 and 2024 as non-competes roll off? Because it looks like you had a very good result this quarter, but the real impact of these hires is something we should be thinking more about as 2023, 2024 numbers. Am I thinking about that right?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think that is right, Andrew. I mean we bring people on. We dont expect them to be fully productive from day one. Its typically about 12, 18 months before theyre fully productive. And so someone we brought on during the summer kind of  we expect to be hitting their stride in Q3, Q4, the following year in full, right? Do take those  because of the timing of renewals, right, they  and bunching around the end of the year, right? So thats where you might get some variation in that  how many months as opposed to the efficacy of the particular individual, right? But youre absolutely right that someone we brought on whos a great front office talent in 2022, well be hitting their stride in 2023 and beyond.
Andrew Kligerman: So it just sort of seems like the focus on the call of these book of business gains, it seems like were getting closer to normalized. Its just not something to focus on. This is where the focus should be. So my next question is on the Medicare Advantage sales. It was kind of interesting to read about some of the smaller public players that are very focused on it. They all seem to be seeing improvements in volumes and margins. And a lot of folks just kind of write this business off is a very low-margin business. But could you talk a little bit about the margins of Med Advantage as compared to the overall HWC segment? And could you talk a little bit about the prospects that you were seeing in the quarter and opportunity for continued growth.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Sure. Its Andrew. So were not going to get into the specific margins of specific products, but we are pleased with the level of profitability that we are seeing in that product and that business overall as it is a portfolio of different products, of course, primarily MA, but there is a nice balanced portfolio there as well.
Carl Hess: Yes. And I guess as far as the prospects, I mean, first of all, we have continuously run this business for sustainable growth, and that means looking for growth opportunities that are profitable rather than growth for growths sake. That philosophy has served us, I think, very well and its one we will be continuing. But the overall backdrop for that business remains very strong and our relationship with a variety of partners does position us well. From a macro perspective, Ive cited this before, but when you have 10,000 people becoming newly eligible for Medicare every day, it is quite a tailwind for the industry. Medicare enrollment is projected to grow 7.6% per year over the decade. And the percentage of Medicare eligible people who buy an MA plan rather than just use traditional Medicare is rising, its expected to grow from just over 40% to more than 50% by 2030. So those are all, I think good conditions for our business.
Andrew Kligerman: Excellent. Thanks a lot.
Carl Hess: Thank you.
Andrew Krasner: Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Rob Cox with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Rob Cox: Hey, thanks. Just on the wealth segment, you talked about a number of tailwinds and noted that some of these projects could last years. So Im curious if you could talk about how long you expect to benefit from sort of the stronger PRT levels and then really the regulatory-driven work?
Carl Hess: Yes. So whenever we have a change in regulation, theres typically a multi-quarter bump as clients trying to analyze and determine actions to take with respect to the change in the environment. The improved funded status of pension plans that weve seen during 2022 gives them additional flexibility to consider risk transfer options. And while as I noted, theres always chance for the economic climate and the funded status for those plans to change over time. Thats typically something we see a multi-quarter benefit from as well, right? And again, even if the fund as does change to economic conditions, that creates fresh volatility that clients need help  analyzing. So we think our strong position in all elements of servicing pension funds in the industry, we see some resilience to the results going forward.
Rob Cox: Got it. Thank you. And maybe just switching over to the transformation program. Any chance you could give us an update on kind of more finally, where these transformation savings are benefiting the margin between corporate and the two segments so far in the program?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Weve seen in your benefit from our strong transformation performance across the portfolio of businesses and in the corporate segment, what youre seeing play out primarily in the corporate segment is the fact that would be a reinvestment need and then talent, things of that nature is not as pronounced as it was, for example, in Risk and Broking. Hence, the transformation savings there more than offset by the investment hiring and to a lesser extent, in HWC where there was margin expansion and the transformation savings were a driver of that. But again, there was some level of reinvestment there, just not to the same extent that you would have seen in Risk and Broking.
Rob Cox: Thanks. Appreciate the answers.
Carl Hess: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Shanker with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Joshua Shanker: Yes. Thank you for taking my question. I dont know what Im going to find out asking this question, but learn something. When you look at the organic growth youre experiencing right now, can you talk a little bit about customer growth versus inflation versus product sales. And the mix of growth, what is actually growing when we try and break out the successes of the year?
Carl Hess: So theres  there are all of the above, right, does play into how we grow, right? Weve talked on prior calls about how various parts of how we price are in place in sensitive, whether its rates in our consulting business or asset values that underlie insurance and thus, the commissions we receive. We have also talked about how the fact that were back in the marketplace, right? During the period where we were involved with Aon, we stopped receiving RFPs, and that came back to us beginning with the fourth quarter of 2022, weve enjoyed the success winning new clients. And over the course of emerging from that experience, our retention rates of existing clients have also improved. And thats a credit to the hard work of all our colleagues, making sure that our well-earned reputations are superior client services maintained.
Joshua Shanker: When youre talking about client wins here, to what extent are they new clients to work in? Are they clients who might have been lost during the Willis and uncertainty period that you won back? And can you sort of give examples on what areas of the market youre seeing that market share gain within the space?
Carl Hess: Yes. So I mean, its a mix of all of the above I think. We have a lot of clients, and so youre going to have a lot of examples on the direction. If you look at various parts of our business, some of it just much more naturally sticky than others, right? Weve got a client of BDO, whos in an outsourced benefits relationship with us, typically with a three, five, seven-year contract. That business was extremely resilient during all of this and has looked resilient going forward, but we continue to add new clients in the mix as well. Our CRB business is where we saw the most volatility in the client mix, and thats one where I think our colleagues did a great job retaining clients, but it was under pressure. Now that we have a clear course and destiny. Weve seen client retention and client attraction both up as well as new expansion of existing client relationships. So theres a lot in the hood. We have a lot of variation in the businesses, but the direction, I think is encouraging across the
Joshua Shanker: Thank you for the sensible answers.
Carl Hess: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thank you. Andrew, just a quick question here on fiduciary income. You probably some nice disclosure in your Q last quarter on the tailwind from every 25 basis points. If I take a look at that, it would look like its probably a 50, call it, basis point tailwind to organic growth in 2023, just given where short-term rates are and maybe a little more meaningful for margins. Do I have that right?
Andrew Krasner: I think directionally, youre getting there. Remember, it does take time for investments to turn over. So the portfolio has to work through in that as well. But I think directionally, thats consistent with how were thinking about things.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thats helpful. And then my second question  go ahead, sorry.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. No, I was just going to say the other thing, dont forget, well have some gain on sale headwinds that continue through next year, right, that will temper that from a margin perspective.
Brian Meredith: Right, right, right. I got that. I got that. The second question would be a number of your, call it, peer companies or competitor companies highlighted the headwind from transactional business this quarter and maybe in the first quarter. Do you have a big transactional business? Was that a headwind at all this quarter to organic revenue growth and potentially first quarter?
Carl Hess: So we do have a transactional business of a successful one. Im glad to say. And we faced the same headwinds as others. Were  we didnt think about that as weve talked about our expectations.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist. Your line is open.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. Just a small question, in the transact business, anything that you saw around expected lifetime value seems like the enrollment season, people were more productive about new business. Did that have an impact on the persistency of the  of your customers there?
Carl Hess: Yes. We have taken actions, Mark, and good morning, to try and do our part to help with persistency, including working with carriers on sort of their customer treatment to make sure that customer satisfaction is as high as possible. And were happy that those actions seem to be fruitful, and well look to maintain that sort of thing going forward, including post-placement customer support on our end. We continue to examine our lifetime values, which, of course, are subject to outside actuarial estimate. And I think that we remain happy with how were going. I mean persistency has improved. And so no signs that we have anything but to continue our actions and continue to improve, how we go about that business to keep the numbers going forward.
Mark Hughes: And you say persistency has improved?
Carl Hess: I did.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Derek Han with KBW. Your line is open.
Derek Han: Good morning. Thanks. How do you think about buybacks to current valuations and just the way you think about buying back stock versus reinvestments for this year?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Sure. As weve got a fairly disciplined approach to capital management that does begin with looking at share repurchases as the primary use of cash. And given current valuations, we do continue to think that is a very attractive return although we do need to look at our portfolio of potential investments through a strategic lens and you need to continue to reinvest in the business organically or inorganically as appropriate to ensure that were investing for growth in the future.
Derek Han: Got it. Thats helpful. And then my second question is more on a high level. At your last Investor Day, you talked about kind of moving upstream to larger accounts. Can you just give us an update on how thats progressing? And how thats contemplated in your mid-single digit organic growth guidance for this year?
Carl Hess: Were happy with how we continue to be a large account reference there was principally across the R&D portfolio, right? Our existing HWC business skews large accounts to begin with. With respect to how were progressing in large market, I think Id just point to the fact that were growing and large market is very much a part of that. Some of the talent we brought on focus is there. But we think we play well across all market segments, and thats a strength we have for us.
Derek Han: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with Baird. Your line is open.
Mark Marcon: Good morning, and thanks for taking my question. Ive got two. One, when we take a look at Health, Wealth and Careers, most of the business is cyclically insensitive and across the Board. But you do have some cyclically sensitive elements within that business. Im wondering what youre seeing just in terms of client behavior buyer intentions in that area? And then I have a follow-up with regards to cost synergies.
Carl Hess: Yes. So typically, our career business is the one thats seen the most volatility to it through the economic cycle. We not see all that much of it this time as employers are trying to adjust to the new normal of work. And you even see that despite threat of recession in the job numbers that we posted here in the U.S. Weve also taken measures over the years to make that business some of us economically sensitive, switching to software and technology as part of the offering and to focus on some of the parts of the business that are also less economically sensitive like executive compensation as part of the mix. So not declaring victory, but I think weve made strides in removing some of the sensitivity there. The higher demand has been holding up well we think.
Mark Marcon: Thats terrific. And then with regards to the incremental cost synergies that you ended up achieving. Did that come primarily from real estate or personnel or a combination thereof? And whats going to drive the $100 million of additional cost reductions next year and any change to the 2024 run rate savings targets.
Andrew Krasner: So no change to the 2024 targets. The amount that sort of got pulled forward in Q4 is really just a matter of certain components moving faster than weve anticipated. And thats come across the portfolio of actions that weve taken, whether it was real estate or technology and optimization or right shoring, things of that nature. So were pretty pleased that it did come from all components of the program.
Mark Marcon: And thats the expectation for the $100 million as well in terms of this coming year?
Andrew Krasner: Correct. We do expect all components to be contributors going forward.
Mark Marcon: Great. Thank you.
Carl Hess: Thank you.
Andrew Krasner: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Im showing no further questions in the queue. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes todays conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-10-27 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the WTW Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to wtwco.com for the press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next three months on WTW's website. Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today and the Company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For more detailed discussions of these and other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in the most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings. During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the Company's website. I will now turn the call over to Carl Hess, WTW's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead, sir.
Carl Hess: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining for WTW's third quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me today is Andrew Krasner, our Chief Financial Officer. Our third quarter performance reflects the increasing momentum we see in the business and our intense focus on delivering on our commitments. As projected, our organic revenue growth accelerated, reaching 6% this quarter, fueled by the great efforts of our colleagues and the strength of our global client model and further augmented by the investments we have made in talent and technology. We generated adjusted diluted earnings of $2.20 per share and drove 110 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion. Thanks to our transformation program, continued expense discipline and operating leverage from new business. We also continue to execute against our capital allocation strategy, completing $369 million in share repurchases in the third quarter. That brings our year-to-date total to $3.1 billion. We are pleased with our third quarter performance and our progress executing our strategy to grow, simplify and transform gives us confidence in our ability to deliver against our guidance for 2022 and to drive growth and value creation over the long-term. A year-ago at our Investor Day, we laid out our strategy for how we take WTW forward and deliver robust shareholder returns. Before getting into the details of the quarter, I want to provide you with an update on these initiatives. While it's still early in our journey and there is more work to do, we have made substantial progress and are seeing encouraging signs that our investments and actions will yield the long-term improvement we expect. Our transformation efforts have made the most immediate impact. As I mentioned on our last earnings call, our focus on continuous improvement has helped us identify new opportunities in incremental sources of value as well as areas in which we can accelerate [progress]. During the third quarter, we realized $29 million of incremental annualized savings. This brings the total to a $100 million in cumulative annualized savings since the program's inception far exceeding our original $30 million target for 2022. Accordingly, we are raising our guidance on cumulative run rate transformation savings action by the end of 2022 from over $80 million to approximately $110 million. The additional transformation savings we've identified also supported increase to the total annual cost savings we expect the program to deliver by the end of 2024 from $300 million to $360 million. And as I said, there is still more work to do and we will continue searching for additional opportunities. Meanwhile, our Simplify and Grow initiatives are powering the increasing momentum we see in the business. One of our key simplify activities has been streamlining shared operations to improve sales and retention outcomes. Our accelerating growth and robust pipeline demonstrate the progress we've made deploying this more agile model globally. For our grow initiatives, we remain focused on investment in both core and fast-growing markets and innovation to drive differentiation and better client outcomes. In Corporate Risk and Broking, our investments in specialized solutions and strategic hires for our global lines of business are meaningfully accelerating growth with most lines growing double digits this quarter. In Health, Wealth and Career, we've seen strong uptake of our solutions that are cross sold across the segment and are increasingly bundling products into our core advisory work. Our focus on innovation is driving improvements to existing solutions as well as launches of new products. For example, WTW's Global Peril Diagnostic Tool is a sophisticated model which provides refined evaluation of comprehensive catastrophe risks. The model clarifies exposure to terrorism in 12 natural perils and includes live event tracking for events such as pandemics, earthquakes and windstorms. We've recently enhanced this tool with hurricane tracking advisory and resiliency scoring, upgrading the sophisticated foundational tool with next level analytics. Analytics is a key area for new product development as well, including the recent launch of Risk Intelligence Quantified or Risk IQ. This flexible and personalized platform provides risk specialists with autonomous access to the breadth of WTW'S leading risk and analytics solutions. Risk IQ puts managers in control of their analytic outputs, providing organizations with the ability to run business critical scenarios and prepare for potential losses. WTW is at the forefront when it comes to delivering valuable strategic solutions across this market, and Risk IQ further highlights our client center capabilities. Our new products reflect the evolution of our services to align with the changing needs of our clients. In addition, our ongoing investments to rebuild our talent base are proceeding as expected. The pace of hiring in the third quarter match that of the first half of the year. We also continue to see the benefit of retention effort with voluntary attrition remaining in line with macro trends. One Grow initiative from an Investor Day that has not been a focus for us to date is inorganic expansion. While we expect share repurchases to remain the primary avenue for capital deployment, we are still committed to identifying attractive opportunities to strengthen our portfolio and add scale and fill gaps in our capabilities via acquisitions as part of our broader capital allocation strategy, particularly with the market now tilting in favor of buyers. Over the past year, we've developed a strong understanding of where we could benefit from deploying capital, which enables us to be a disciplined and opportunistic buyer. The progress we have made to date gives us confidence that WTW is on the right path, but we also recognized that we have more work to do. We will share our more detailed outlook for 2023 next quarter, and we continue to believe we will deliver on our long-term organic growth and margin expansion expectations. While we are on this topic, I wanted to take some time to discuss our decision to reflect the impact of the Russian divestiture in our 2024 guidance. As you know, during the first quarter of 2022, we announced our intention to transfer ownership of our Russian subsidiaries to local management and work to identify potential longer term offsets to the impact of the exit. The transfer was completed in the third quarter, and given the current conditions, we do not anticipate resuming operations there in the foreseeable future. WTW's operations in Russia, which were almost entirely within our Risk and Broking segment, comprised approximately 1% of consolidated revenue for 2021 and were highly profitable. Due to the unusual circumstances under which the divestiture was made, there were essentially no proceeds from the transfer. As a result of this one-off event, we are unable to replace the lost earnings through reinvestment of proceeds. With the transaction complete, we believe it's now appropriate to revise the starting and ending points of our long-term guidance to reflect the divestiture of WTW's Russian operations, just as we would any other significant transaction. I want to make it very clear that despite revising our long-term targets, we remain committed to delivering the same level of improvement, mid-single-digit, organic revenue growth and 400 basis points to 500 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion as we set out at Investor Day. Page 4 of the earnings release published earlier this morning provides further disclosure on the divestiture and the related adjustments to our long-term guidance. Please note that our initial and revised targets exclude the potential effects of fluctuations in foreign currency rates. The ongoing situation in Russia is a stark reminder of the heightened geopolitical and macroeconomic risks all businesses face today. I want to take a moment to talk about how we are helping our clients navigate this complicated and uncertain landscape. Our solutions help clients manage their human, physical and financial capital to protect and strengthen their institutions, and these tools only become more valuable in challenging times. Inflation is top of mind. Our clients are increasingly seeking our advice and solutions to manage the impact of inflation on wages, healthcare costs, pensions and retirement plans. With tight labor markets persisting, solving these challenges is a strategic opportunity for clients. And we are helping them optimize total rewards spend, manage the cost of retirement and medical programs and efficiently fund and finance programs via pooling, global underwriting, captive strategies and delegated asset management. Another hallmark of the current environment is how quickly it's changing. In addition to working with our clients to manage traditional ever-present risks, we are seeing strong demand from clients for innovative solutions and tools to help them identify, quantify and manage fast-moving risks such as more volatile financial markets, climate change, geopolitical tensions, heightened ESG risk and reputational damage to name a few. We are rising to this challenge by bringing the best of our organization together globally, creating market-leading analytical tools to help clients make better informed decisions and crafting customized solutions to meet our clients' emergent risks. Our performance in the quarter demonstrated our focus on delivering on our commitments and our pursuit of profitable sustainable growth. We believe that the successful execution of our strategy and robust client demand in the face of a very complex risk environment will keep us on track to achieve our guidance for 2022. We continue to build momentum and remain focused on achieving our goal to create shareholder value. In closing, I want to thank our colleagues for their performance this quarter. We are truly appreciative of their dedication, service and continued commitment to our vision. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, Carl. Good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us today. As Carl mentioned, our clients are grappling with a host of macroeconomic and geopolitical challenges. Unfortunately, they have also continued to grapple with rising commercial insurance rates. While price increases appear to be moderating, WTW's Q2 commercial lines insurance pricing survey showed an aggregated increase of just below 6%. Data for nearly all lines continue to indicate significant price increases with the exception of works compensation and D&O liability. The largest price increase came from cyber followed by professional liability. In light of these additional pressure points, we continue to focus on helping clients evaluate their options so they can make better informed decisions about how to best manage their risk portfolios. Turning to our financial results. The third quarter was in line with our expectations. On an organic basis, revenue was up 6%, reflecting accelerating growth across all of our businesses. Adjusted operating income was $284 million or 14.5% of revenue for the quarter, up 110 basis points from $264 million or 13.4% of revenue in the same period last year as our growth and expense discipline combined to enhance our profitability. The net result was adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.20, representing 27% growth over the prior year. Let's turn to our detailed segment results. Note that to provide comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. The Health, Wealth and Career or HWC segment generated revenue growth of 4% are both in organic and constant currency basis compared to the third quarter of last year. Health which is comprised of our Health and Benefits broking and consulting business delivered growth of 6%, primarily driven by increased demand for products and advisory work in North America spurred by clients focus on mitigating likely 2023 cost increases and by U.S. legislative changes. Revenue also grew outside of North America as a result of new client appointments and increases in healthcare premiums. Wealth, which consists of our retirement and investment businesses grew 3% in the quarter. The growth was primarily attributable to higher levels of regulatory and project work in Europe as well as increased consulting work in North America. The growth was partially offset by a nominal decrease in our delegated investment solutions business, which was pressured by declines in capital markets. While we expect the headwind from the decline to persist into the fourth quarter, we see momentum building in the rest of the Wealth business during the remainder of the year, driven by new client acquisition and strong demand for specialist work in response to market volatility and legislative changes. Career, which includes our Work & Rewards and Employee Experience businesses also contributed to revenue growth for the segment, increasing 6% in the quarter. This growth was largely driven by strong client demand for talent and compensation products, including compensation benchmarking surveys, hiring assessments and employee engagement offerings, which we see continuing. Benefits Delivery and Outsourcing, which encompasses our Benefits Delivery and Administration and our Technology and Administrative Solutions businesses generated 2% revenue growth over the third quarter of 2021. The increase was largely driven by individual marketplace and reflected growth in Medicare Advantage revenue in our direct-to-consumer business. Outsourcing revenue also increased due to new client appointments and growth across the existing client base. We continue to see an environment that supports growth opportunities for this business for the remainder of 2022 and beyond. HWC's operating margin was 20.3% this quarter compared to 20.6% in the prior period. The margin declined primarily to investments in resourcing and technology to support future revenue growth. As economic uncertainty looms and market volatility persists, companies are dealing with high inflation rates, workplace stress caused by labor shortages as well as cost and risk management concerns related to pensions and health benefits. Against this challenging backdrop, HWC is helping companies better address employees' needs while managing business realities. Our near and long-term outlook for HWC remains positive as we expect its market-leading solutions and the ongoing demand drivers in its core businesses to continue to support organic growth. Risk and Broking revenue was up 6% on an organic basis and 3% on a constant currency basis compared to the prior year third quarter. Corporate Risk and Broking or CRB, revenue increased 6%. The business generated growth across all regions, primarily from new business with double-digit growth across most of our global lines of business. Book of business settlement activity was due to senior colleague departures in 2021 and is consistent with the levels seen in the prior year period. Thus, it did not affect CRB's year-over-year organic growth rate. Both Europe and International led CRB's growth with improved client retention and notably strong new business in natural resources, construction and aerospace. Solid growth in North America was driven by strong contributions from both construction and M&A solutions. In the Insurance Consulting and Technology business, revenue was up 2% on top of a tough comparable of 18% growth in the prior year third quarter, primarily driven by increased Technology Solutions sales. On a year-to-date basis, ICT has delivered strong growth, as trajectory continues to point towards a strong finish in the fourth quarter. R&B's operating margin was 13.7% for the third quarter compared to 17.5% in the prior year third quarter. Margin headwinds were driven by our significant investments in new revenue-producing and client service talent. Throughout this year, R&B welcomed new leaders and senior contributors across all geographies at both the regional and country level. Leveraging their industry expertise, these key hires have begun to contribute to our performance and we expect these contributions will become more meaningful going forward. The steady improvement in our talent base and client pipeline has strengthened our conviction that the work we have done to rebuild our talent base is gaining traction and will yield strong results. Now let's turn to the enterprise level results. In Q3, we generated profitable growth with adjusted operating margin increasing 110 basis points to 14.5% from 13.4% in the prior year, primarily reflecting the benefits of strategic portfolio management which was realized at the corporate level, alongside transformation program savings, which were realized at the segment level, but were more than offset by our increased investment in talent during the period. We continue to expect margin improvement each year as we work to deliver on our 2024 margin goal. As Carl mentioned, our transformation initiatives will be a key contributor to this ongoing margin expansion, and we are encouraged by the success of our early efforts. By accelerating shared services and our workforce centralization efforts, in addition to identifying incremental opportunities to drive collaboration through real estate portfolio optimization, we have far surpassed our original $30 million annualized run rate savings goal for the year. As a result, we raised both our near and long-term targets and now expect to deliver approximately $110 million in cumulative run rate savings by the end of 2022 and $360 million by the end of 2024. Foreign currency was a headwind on adjusted EPS of $0.20 through the first nine months of the year, largely due to the strength of the U.S. dollar. Assuming today's rates continue for the remainder of the year, we've updated our guidance related to our expected foreign currency headwind on adjusted earnings per share from a range of $0.20 to $0.25 to a range of approximately $0.25 to $0.30. We generated free cash flow of $337 million for the first nine months of 2022 compared to free cash flow of $1.8 billion in the prior year. This decrease was primarily due to the receipt of the $1 billion termination fee in the comparable period, the absence of cash generation from the now divested Willis Re business and additional tax payments made this year on both the Willis Re, gain on sale and the termination fee. Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the third quarter was 0.7% versus 22.5% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 16.8% versus 23.2% in the prior year. The current year adjusted tax rate is lower primarily due to lower U.S. fee expense and excess tax benefit on share-based compensation. We expect the full-year 2022 adjusted tax rate to be relatively consistent with our historical rates. We continue to pursue a disciplined capital allocation strategy that balances capital return to shareholders with internal investments and strategic M&A to deploy our capital on the highest return opportunities. During the third quarter of 2022, we paid $91 million in dividends and repurchased 1.8 million shares for $369 million. We are pleased by our progress with business performance ramping as we expected. For the remainder of the year, we see macroeconomic environment that is creating demand for our services and opportunities to help clients with our unique combination of solutions. We feel positive about the investments we have made in talent, innovation and operational transformation and are confident these investments will continue to drive organic revenue growth and margin expansion. With that, let's open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question is coming from the line of Gregory Peters from Raymond James. Your line is now open.
Charles Peters: Yes. Good morning, everyone. The first question will be on revenue, both the organic and the change in your fiscal 2024 targets. Just curious, Carl, in your comments, you talked about macroeconomic issues, particularly there seem to be some challenges in Europe, et cetera. And I'm curious how you're thinking organic is going to perform, especially with some of your businesses overseas in light of these economic conditions. And then if I think about the fiscal 2024 target, the revised target, it implies a compound annual growth rate of 5% or a little bit higher. And that's not something that's happened very often in the history of Willis Towers Watson. So just trying to bridge the gap between what's going on in the macro environment and what you're suggesting is potential for the company.
Carl Hess: Yes. Sure, Greg and good morning to you. So I look at it this way across our key growth drivers, which include strategic initiatives, hiring and industry conditions, we do see momentum building that gives us confidence in achieving the targets we've laid out. Our strategic growth initiatives are gaining traction, for instance, we're making progress on scaling our global lines of business and Corporate Risk and Broking. And we do expect the growth in these lines is going to continue to exceed these CRB average material. And we're also seeing a steady pace of new product launches, and we're focusing on high growth and high need markets like ESG analytics and climate risk. And what we've seen so far in terms of the performance of our new hires and front office sales and our client management roles has reinforced our expectation that the benefits of that hiring activity will meaningfully accelerate in the second half, and particularly some positive trends in CRB give us confidence in our improving growth outlook. I think looking macro right, industry conditions remain generally favorable and our business has historically been inflated from general macro volatility, and we're certainly seeing some of that. The need for sound advice and risk management solutions typically only intensifies during dynamics times such as these in the markets, and many of our clients look to us for help in navigating using labor markets, financial markets, and the geopolitical environment. In HWC, we're seeing strong demand and growth across the [HWC] businesses. The macro environment remains reasonably supportive and the buildup of our technology offerings further enhances our resilience and reinforces our confidence in our positioning. In R&B, we think the company-specific headwinds we had are mostly behind us, and expect we'll continue to narrow that growth gap as our high reactions gain momentum. Macro uncertainty is proving to be a bit of a tailwind as our clients seek to better manage their risk in a highly complex environment.
Charles Peters: So just a point of clarification, you ran through a lot of information, I appreciate that. When I think about talent rewards, I used to have a lot of economic sensitivity to it. How does that bake into your thought process as you had your fiscal year 2024 revenue targets?
Carl Hess: Greg, I'd point out two things, right? One is that the effects of COVID and new ways of working are stimulating demand for services as our client base is sort of looking to manage their workforce in light of the changes to the nature of full-time work in the gig economy. So some of the sensitivity we would have normally seen through the economic cycle, actually just hasn't been there this time. And the second is we have pivoted the business over the years from a rather pure consulting and project-oriented business to be much more reliant on annuity revenue and software. So it's simply a more resilient business than in the past.
Charles Peters: Thanks for that clarification. My second question is just on the other parts of the fiscal 2024 on the revised targets. The margin is lower, the free cash flow numbers are lower. And I was wondering if you could spend a minute and talk to us about the gives and takes on those  the revisions to those parts of your estimates.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. Hi, Greg. It's Andrew. Thanks for the question. On the margin, it is purely a function of the impact of the Russian business as well as when we think the pacing of the incremental transformation savings will come online during the three-year period. The free cash flow guide and change really has three components to it. The first is the Russian divestiture where we received no cash proceeds and also had the loss of both the revenue and cash generation from future business but also the receivables, right, that we already had accounted for, which were uncollectible. The second component was the incremental cost to achieve the $60 million of transformation program savings at the same 2.5x rate that we've been talking about. So that's an incremental $150 million. And the third component is timing differences from cash tax payments made this year on both the termination fee and Willis Re gain which our Investor Day guidance contemplated would incur entirely in 2021. As we've mentioned in our prepared remarks last quarter, part of our decrease in free cash flow this year was due to some of these tax payments taking place this year rather than when we had originally anticipated just due to some of the complexity and timing considerations.
Charles Peters: Got it. Thanks for the detail.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question is coming from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi, thanks. Good morning. I want to go back to the question on the guidance, right? So if I look at the operating margin in the new 2024 guidance. At the midpoint, you're lowering that by $125 million. And I know Russia right, $120 million, and it's a high-margin business, but it seems like that is higher than just losing Russia. Is there something else going on there? Or maybe it's just that the saves are back-end loaded, but it seems like there's some other earnings that are leaving 2024 relative to your prior guide other than just Russia?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think  Elyse, it's Andrew. I think some of the disconnect there, maybe just when the timing of the saves  the incremental saves are coming online. But the change in margin has really been driven purely by the impact of the Russia divestiture.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of this current quarter, right, the segment margins were both weaker, but there was lower unallocated expenses. Is there something going on with the corporate unallocated expenses that drove them down this quarter? And is that sustainable? Or was there just something difference between the corporate cost that you downstream to the segment this quarter versus prior periods?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Our margin expansion in the quarter was driven by the benefits of our transformation program savings and also some strategic portfolio management actions which were more than offset by some of the increased investments in talent team at the segment level. We had corporate savings as well, but just not necessarily the same level of reinvestment that you would have seen within the segments. There is also the impact of some of these businesses that we decided to exit coming out of the deal termination, which are not allocated to the new segments as well as the effective management of the stranded costs from the Willis Re divestiture.
Elyse Greenspan: Are most of the Willis Re stranded cost gone at this point?
Andrew Krasner: I'd say they're being effectively managed given that we are still in the midst of a transition services agreement with Gallagher.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question is coming from the line of Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome: Good morning, congrats on the quarter. Sorry to beat a dead horse, but I got kind of confused here following your answer to Elyse's question about these expenses impacting the 2024 guidance. So is it the idea that we're ahead of taking cost cuts, but those cost cuts are happening sometime at a later time, perhaps, perhaps beyond 2024, and that's affecting the guidance? And I apologize for my confusion.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. No problem, Paul. I was referring to the incremental $60 million that we announced on top of the initial $300 million. So it was really about the pacing of the incremental $60 million.
Paul Newsome: And that's happening sort of after 2024, so it's not helping the 2024 as much as we would expect?
Carl Hess: I think that's the right way to think about it. It will be more weighted towards the back end of the program rather than during the current period or near-term.
Andrew Krasner: Which I think, Paul, is something you'd expect by savings that we've identified later in the process.
Paul Newsome: No, that makes sense. I think we're still struggling a little bit with the math because of the  it looked like there was quite a bit more than the Russian loss in the event, which is high, but it also looked like there was sort of less of an impact from the cost cutting. So I guess I'm still  I apologize again for my confusion, but it just doesn't seem like the numbers are adding quite the same like maybe there's something else in there that we or just missing and apologize for my confusion.
Carl Hess: Yes. No, I think you just need to be thinking about the margin on the Russian business in the appropriate fashion and you can triangulate on the reguide on the margin.
Paul Newsome: Okay. I'll do that. Thank you very much. Appreciate the help.
Carl Hess: Great. Thanks, Paul.
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question is coming from the line of David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Motemaden: Hi. Thanks, good morning. I just wanted to go back to the margin target reduction, the one point reduction. Maybe we could just put some numbers around Russia, some specific numbers because I'm sort of calculating it being a 30 basis point to 40 basis point adverse impact on the margin, so there's a bit more, at least, that I'm thinking is in there, so maybe if you could just clarify that. And then secondly, on the fiduciary income, I think that is something that is going to be a tailwind. Maybe could you just talk about how much of a benefit that, that had this quarter? And also, is that  I think that's going to increase going forward that's going to help the margin. I'm assuming that's baked into the guide as well, but if you could just clarify that as well.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. On the margin recast, it's important to keep in mind that the margin on that business, as we've said, is more than double the enterprise-wide margin. So you can use that to get to the recasted margin range. And then on investment income, we haven't disclosed the specific numbers. I think you'll see some information in the Q that might be helpful in framing that. We are definitely starting to see some modest benefit from the rising rate environment, come through in the financials. But of course, as rates rise, we've got to turn over investment portfolios and that takes time to work through the system full.
Carl Hess: Yes. I mean, back to Russia for just one second. I mean you've got to recognize, as you think about our Russian business. We have been operating there for over 40 years, right? We had a very strong position in the country. The nature of the business was largely project-based work, one-off and starts with a pretty high profit margin, but it was a minimal local presence required to service business. And we're able to leverage our existing global operating infrastructure on the global platform. And thus, able to do this in the country in a very cost-effective manner.
David Motemaden: Got it. Okay. I guess it was much higher than double than, I guess, the enterprise-wide margin then much higher. Okay. That's helpful. And then maybe just switching gears on M&A. I've just noticed  I mean, the cash balance is very high. You guys are, I think, under your leverage target by quite a bit. And yet the buyback, I think, is definitely a little bit light versus, I think, just given the cash position and the leverage profile. So I'm wondering if  are you guys contemplating any larger scale M&A? Or I guess, why haven't we seen the buyback really ramp up just given the cash on the balance sheet?
Carl Hess: So I'll start on M&A, and maybe Andrew can comment a bit about buybacks. As we laid out at last years Investor Day, intentional portfolio management to optimize value is fundamental to our Simplify initiatives, and we're still looking across our options to create value for shareholders, and that includes divestitures as well as opportunistic M&A opportunities. And now that the market is finally tilting in favor of buyers a bit, that should strengthen our  look for opportunities to strengthen our capabilities in key functional areas and important geographies. But we're continuing to employ a disciplined capital allocation strategy that balances capital return with internal investments and strategic M&A to look for the highest return possibilities.
Andrew Krasner: And just on the repurchase front, we have been pretty consistent in our messaging that share repurchases are going to come at the pace of free cash flow generally speaking, unless we find alternative uses for that. I won't get into the details of the cash balance, but we do consider that cash balance as well as the free cash flow when looking at repurchase decisions as well as our financial leverage. And with rates where they are, we're very thoughtful about incremental leverage and the cost that, that comes with that.
David Motemaden: Got it. So I guess  yes, so the cash target balance is kind of $1.5 billion sort of where it ended the quarter is kind of the cash level that you guys think is necessary to run at?
Andrew Krasner: No. I don't  I think we can run leaner than that, but we do have to keep cash on hand for future obligations as well as funding share repurchases and managing the cash flow.
David Motemaden: Thank you.
Andrew Krasner: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question is coming from the line of Andrew Kligerman with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Andrew Kligerman: Hey, thank you and good morning. I'm trying to get at net staffing in the third quarter. How did that improve incrementally? And just around that, maybe as I think Andrew talked earlier about a survey of Willis where clients are seeing pricing in the aggregate up by 6% on average. And then you talked about 6% organic revenue growth. So would a) I interpret that meaning that your kind of client base has been very stable kind of very flattish, and the uptick in organic revenue has been largely by pricing and exposure growth? And then the part b of it is net staffing, how did that change Q-over-Q?
Carl Hess: So let me start with staffing. And we don't do headcount on a quarterly basis. We will discuss headcount detail in our 10-K. So hiring has been strong, and the hiring activity in Q3 matched that in the first half and it's fortified by the fact that we see the benefit of our retention efforts. Voluntary attrition has remained consistent with the macro environment and the external benchmarks we use to measure this. So our year-to-date hiring has exceeded voluntary terminations. Our headcount continues to increase. And sort of getting to the revenue aspect of your question, we anticipate that the contributions from the equipment in our talent base to become more meaningful going forward.
Andrew Krasner: And just on the dynamics around growth, right, there's different factors pushing and pulling in the opposite directions, right? So I think we've been pretty clear that coming out of the breakup of the transaction last year that things like retention, right, were challenged, particularly in certain geographies and certain lines of business. And of course, in the opposite direction, you have rate and new business and things of that nature. So there are offsetting factors that contribute to the organic growth profile.
Andrew Kligerman: Got it. And not to belabor too much, the issue EBIT revenue target change. Carl, you seem somewhat optimistic last quarter that you had some puts and takes where you really wouldn't have to worry about pressures. You seem confident that you could meet those 2022 targets for 2024. So now as you've made a change due to Russia, what I'd like to know is what would give us confidence that we're not going to see another change for the weaker? And if there is another change, what might be some of the risks that are kind of prominent in your mind right now?
Carl Hess: Yes. So when we came up with our initial targets, where we looked at a variety of scenarios to what could happen between now and 2024, right? Different economic outlooks all sorts of different things, right? I don't think we factored in that we would be divesting a business of the scope of and size of Russia for no cash proceeds to reinvest, right? That, I think, is enough of a one-off that we felt justified in the transparency we're giving you on recasting targets. But I thought that we were going to have a divestment for zero. Yes, it's a bit outside the main term. And frankly, I think that is a bit unique and extraordinary.
Andrew Kligerman: So bottom line, you feel very confident in 2024. And then with that, that extra $60 million of expense saves, would that get you back in $25 million for that operating margin target of 24% to 25%?
Andrew Krasner: We're very pleased with the progress we're making [Technical Difficulties] on the expense savings, and that's one of the reasons why we said we maintained sort of the delta between starting and end to get there and we actually see more daylight developing. That's why we raised the [$300 million to $360 million].
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. And maybe if I could just sneak one last in. And you did  Carl, you mentioned at the beginning, attractive opportunities for M&A. Could you give us a sense of what areas maybe that have kind of prompted you to see some practice, what pockets of your businesses might be compelling?
Carl Hess: So while I was speaking attractive, right, it was the fact that valuations appear to be coming down from levels where we just didn't think that they could be value accretive to us, right? And so there are opportunities across the span of the businesses we operate in. As we look to what makes sense for us, right, it's going to be, whether it's a geographic adjacency of an attractive economy that will fit our business profile. Or a specialty area where we see that fitting in very nicely to what we do very well in the marketplace.
Andrew Kligerman: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question is coming from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist. Your line is now open.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Okay. Thank you. Good morning. In the Benefits Delivery and Outsourcing, some of your competitors have had to adjust their assumptions around customer longevity and here I'm talking about TRANZACT. I'm just sort of curious, your current view about your assumptions there. And then also curious your view of the competitive environment as we kind of get into enrollment season, how the competition looks in terms of the push for leads and advertising, that sort of thing?
Carl Hess: Sure. So let me begin with the second part of that, and I'll get to the assumptions. We're quite happy with our positioning on TRANZACT and the opportunity, right? Again, this is a place where the market addressable to us, expands by 10,000 people a day. That's how many people become Medicare eligible, newly for Medicare every day. And the people who  the percentage of people who decide to buy a Medicare Advantage plan, rather traditional Medicare continues to rise and expect it to go from 40% to over 50% by the end of the decade. There is clearly growth potential in this market. As you point out, right, there's been some volatility amongst our competitors and the careers, and that does have some effect on us, some retention in the  retrenchment in the market with some of our competitors, and that can impact us to our advantage. But certainly, churn in careers books of business can impact our persistency rates. Well, we have taken steps, right? I think that put us in a different position than most of our competitors. We fortified our lead qualification process and have set up a post-placement customer care team to make sure that people are satisfied with the coverage they're electing. And that, plus our disciplined cost management enables us, we think, to continue growing while others have to slow down to focus on their profitability. With respect to persistency rates, right, this is something we examined, right, within the portfolio on a line-by-line basis. And we use independent actuaries to make sure that we're validating our team's view of what we think the persistency will be. And continue to evaluate how the market looks and what that will be.
Mark Hughes: Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question is coming from the line of Mark Marcon with Baird. Your line is open.
Mark Marcon: Hey. Good morning. It's Mark Marcon from Baird. You mentioned that headcount is actually up on a sequential basis relative to Q2. Salaries and Benefits are down by 2.4% year-over-year, 2.7% sequentially. Is the primary reason why Salaries and Benefits are down on a dollar basis because of FX? And a small element of Russia, you mentioned that the presence on the ground was fairly minimal. So I'm just trying to understand that element and to  what do you attribute to the decline to?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think FX is a meaningful component of the difference that you're seeing there in that line item given where our employee bases are located.
Carl Hess: I would add that part of  our transformation program involves workforce relocation as we simplify where we do work. And so  not front office, but a significant part of our mid and back office hiring has occurred in our international businesses, where we tend to enjoy a lower wage structures.
Andrew Krasner: We also have the impact of our transformation program and where  again, where folks are located and making sure that the savings are coming through, and you're seeing some of that materialize there as well.
Mark Marcon: Yes. And I would imagine you're also optimizing different roles and the expenses of various roles in order to optimize things from a long-term perspective. To what extent could those trends continue, when we think about it just as it relates to that, if the headcount continues to go up?
Carl Hess: Yes. We're always looking to make progress in that ratio. It's a constant focus for us. As I said, optimizing the workforce is a really important component of the transformation program. And hence, the comp and bend that falls out of that is an important metric.
Andrew Krasner: And that's not just necessarily a location, right, that can be automation.
Mark Marcon: Great. And then with regards to  just going back to the prior question with regards to TRANZACT, I mean is it your general sense that based on everything that you're currently seeing out in the market that TRANZACT should be able to go back to its kind of historic level of performance? Or are there elements that would make it more like last year just because of certain vagaries in the market right now?
Carl Hess: Yes. A couple of things there. I think, one, it's important to remember that growth rates will likely moderate as that business becomes bigger and bigger. That's just the simple fact of the math. The other thing to keep in mind is that over 50% of the individual marketplace business revenues were generated in the fourth quarter. So it's best to think about that business on a full-year basis, not focus on any particular quarter. We performed very strong this year and continue to feel positive about our current market positioning. And we're also encouraged by the early signs we're seeing for the quarter. But again, it's still very early in enrollment season.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question is coming from the line of Robert Cox with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert Cox: Hey. Maybe an update on the magnitude of book settlements you might expect in 4Q and beyond because I know you've maintained the organic growth outlook for 2022, but you faced a difficult compare with the $74 million in book sales from 4Q 2021.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We still expect to see some book sales throughout the rest of the year that relates to 2021 events. We do expect those to normalize even further as 2021 recedes from view. This dynamic was anticipated in our long-term forecast for mid single-digit growth. And as you point out and as a reminder, in Q4 of 2021, there was approximately $74 million of book sales, $39 million of that was in the segments. We do not anticipate that level to repeat this year.
Robert Cox: Okay. Thanks. And can you give us some more color on the tailwinds you're seeing in the Wealth business, particularly in the UK and with respect to the increase in project activity related to financial market volatility?
Carl Hess: Yes. So when markets fluctuate a lot, right, our client base in the Wealth business, specifically our retirement business, needs to often reforecasting of what their cash funding requirements or their accounting expense requirements are going to be. So it just generates a significant amount of project work for us in the markets where they're major defined benefit plans. And when the volatility stops, that work will stop, but we don't seem to have any lack of volatility these days. I'd probably offset a bit by the fact that within the Wealth business, of course, we have our investments business and a certain amount of that business is based on asset-based fees and with lower capital market levels over the year, that has been a bit of a headwind for that business.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question is coming from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. Your line is open.
Meyer Shields: Good morning. Am I connected?
Carl Hess: Yes. Hi, Meyer.
Meyer Shields: Hi. Good morning. Thanks. So two quick questions, if I can. First, I guess, one of the questions you are getting a lot this morning in e-mail is whether there are other regions of the world where you similarly have very outsized margins that are like Russia, just in terms of understanding the scope of the margin expansion program and where it does apply?
Carl Hess: So as with any diversified business, we're going to have places and lines of business that are more profitable than the group average and less profitable than group average. And so the answer is we have some, right, but are generally the areas where we have either specialist capability that's hard to replicate or that there are regulatory barriers to entry. So there is competition that might be plus an open competition, are going to be areas where there maybe opportunities to have higher profits than average in the business. So the answer is there are places. However, we are a broadly diversified business, right? And we do just discuss where our revenue is sourced from. And so there are many geographies where we have significant revenue concentration outside of the size of Russia. You can see our top five listings on 10-K.
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful. And then just going back to TRANZACT very briefly. To because of other competitors are pulling back and providing, I guess, a better opportunity for near-term growth at TRANZACT. Is that going to have a negative impact on cash flow?
Andrew Krasner: That's a dynamic that we manage very closely, as you can imagine. So we do make sure that the growth we're targeting is profitable growth and do balance that against the cash consumption in that line of business. So we don't expect it to be a significant drag. But of course, we do manage that dynamic closely.
Meyer Shields: Okay. Fantastic. Thank you.
Andrew Krasner: Good. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. I am showing no further questions at this time. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-07-28 17:11:08) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to WTW Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to wtwco.com for the press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next three months on WTW's website. Some of the comments in today's call may cause you forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in the most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Tower Watson's SEC filings. During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. I will now turn the call over to Carl Hess, WTW's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Carl Hess: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for WTW second quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me today is Andrew Krasner, our Chief Financial Officer. In the second quarter WTW delivered results that as expected built off the solid start we had to our year. We generated organic revenue growth of 3% and adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.32 as we continue to make progress on our strategic initiatives. Our transformation program continued expense discipline and operating leverage from new business generation drove 30 basis points of adjusted operating margin despite headwinds from our growth investments. We also continued to execute against our capital allocation strategy and completed $471 million in share repurchases in the second quarter, bringing total share repurchases for 2022 to $2.7 billion. Overall, we're pleased with our second quarter performance and remain confident in our ability to deliver against our financial goals in both 2022 and the longer term. This confidence comes from our ongoing execution against our strategy to grow, simplify and transform as well as our continued progress in rebuilding our talent and ramping our productivity. Through the first half of the year, we've already seen top line benefits from our investments in talent and we expect that benefit to meaningfully accelerate in the second half of the year. I'm particularly pleased with the results of our transformation initiatives. We realized $35 million of incremental annualized savings during the second quarter, bringing the total to $71 million cumulative since the program's inception will more than double our original $30 million target for 2022. Accordingly, we're raising our guidance on cumulative run rate transformation savings identified by the end of 2022 from $30 million to over $80 million. It's important to note that this increase is not simply pulling forward savings previously included in our $300 million medium-term target. Our focus on continuous improvement has helped us identify both areas, in which we could accelerate progress as well as new opportunities and incremental sources of value. As a result, we now expect the program to generate annual cost savings in excess of $300 million by the end of 2024. In the second quarter, we also made progress on our grow initiatives bringing to bear the full capabilities of one WTW for our clients through both new and existing solutions. Our strategic focus on scaling our global lines of business and Corporate Risk & Broking is gaining traction in the market with growth in these lines exceeding the CRB average by 50%. We also maintained a steady pace of new product launches, focusing on high-growth high-need markets such as ESG analytics and climate risk. In April, we launched our ESG analytics program at the US RIMS Conference. It's already generating early results by simplifying our client outreach and solving ESG data, analytics and reporting needs for clients and has been part of seven-figure wins in two pilot markets in 2022. We believe this solution has the potential to scale further in multiple markets around the world and we're building a world-class suite of climate risk management tools and solutions under our climate quantified banner. Following, our development of the climate transition pathways of accreditation framework and the launch of our climate transition index with stocks in 2021, this year we introduced our climate transition value at risk data and software for asset managers and asset owners. Earlier this month, we announced the acquisition of one of our longtime climate analytics and software partners, further enhancing our technical capabilities. Our investments in this area are positioning us to be a global leader in helping organizations and manage climate transition risk. While new products are important, our approach to everyday innovation is also supporting our growth priority as we nimbly respond to legislative and other environmental changes. As suggested by the everyday label, there's lots happening in this area. So I'll share just one to give you an idea. In response to the US health care No Surprises Act, we quickly developed and introduced transparency bundles, a cost-effective communication solution that supports clients in meeting their compliance obligations and is easily sold as an add-on to our existing clients. Lastly, together with our strategic growth initiatives, our intense focus on onboarding talent has built a strong foundation for revenue growth in the second half of 2022 and beyond. The pace of hiring in the second quarter matched that of the first quarter and our new hires in sales and client management roles doubled compared to the second quarter last year. We also continued to see the benefit of retention efforts, with voluntary attrition at reasonable levels and aligned with macro trends. In sum, we've been hard at work this quarter, changing the way we operate in creating a leaner, more innovative and more agile WTW. I'm confident that as these initiatives mature they will improve our long-term financial performance as we expect them to deliver significant shareholder returns. Before I hand it over to Andrew to discuss our financial results, I want to take a moment to talk about the resilience of our business in the face of dynamic and challenging economic conditions. We believe WTW is well positioned to weather macroeconomic uncertainty, including both inflation and potential recession. Our portfolio of businesses is relatively noncyclical. We estimate that about 80% of our revenue base is recurring, often built upon nondiscretionary solutions and services. In addition, our clients span a variety of industries and geographies and our solutions tend to increase importance and value in complex economic environments. For these reasons, our business is less sensitive to economic downturns than companies in some other industries. As an example, in 2020, when US GDP declined by 2%, we still posted organic revenue growth of 2%. Similarly, if you looked at our predecessor company's results from the 2008, 2009 economic downturn, you'd see that they continue to grow organic revenues by 2% to 4%. That said, we do have some exposure in economically sensitive lines of business, where the work we do is discretionary in nature, primarily in our Health, Wealth and Career segment, but we would expect the impact of that exposure and recession to be relatively low. Overall, our performance in the quarter was aligned with our expectations and reflected our commitment to profitable growth and the successful execution of our strategy. We continue to build momentum and remain focused on delivering on our long-term goals. In closing, I want to express my gratitude to my incredible team of colleagues who live our values and have delivered every day for our clients in a volatile and challenging environment. With our sharpened focus, we are well positioned to continue driving growth and executing on our transformation. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew for more detail on our results.
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, Carl. Good morning everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us today. Before turning to our results, let me take a minute to expand on Carl's comments about WTW's ability to navigate difficult economic conditions. With interest rate spiking and equities exceptionally volatile in the second quarter, we believe the market is clearly signaling concerns about the near-term future of the economy and corporate profits. As Carl mentioned, during the previous economic downturns, WTW continued to thrive and grow revenues. We have also repeatedly demonstrated our resilient cost structure, which has allowed the business to maintain its earnings power during challenging economic times. Despite inflationary pressure on labor costs and the post-pandemic normalizing of variable costs, such as travel, we remain steadfast in exercising financial discipline and our outlook on near-term and long-term margin expansion remains unchanged. Turning to our financial results. The second quarter was aligned with our expectations. On an organic basis, revenue was up 3%, reflecting growth across most of our businesses. Adjusted operating income was $314 million or 15.5% of revenue for the quarter, up 30 basis points from $318 million or 15.2% of revenue in the same period last year as our growth and expense discipline combined to enhance our profitability. The net result was adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.32, representing 9% growth over the prior year. Let's turn to our detailed segment results. Note that to provide clear comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. The Health, Wealth and Career or HWC segment generated revenue growth of 2% on both an organic and constant currency basis compared to the second quarter of the prior year. Health, which is comprised of our Health and Benefits broking and consulting business delivered growth of 8%. This includes a gain recorded in connection with book of business settlements related to senior staff departures that occurred in 2021. Excluding the book of business gain, Health's organic growth was 3%, primarily driven by new client appointments and further bolstered by project work. Wealth, which consists of our retirement and investment businesses had a revenue decrease of 7% for the quarter. The decline was primarily due to a headwind from outsized performance fees that were recorded in the prior year quarter in our Investments business as we've discussed previously. We expect to see significant improvement in the wealth businesses during the second half of the year, driven by new client acquisition and strong market demand for specialist work in response to market volatility and legislative change. Career, which includes our Work & Rewards and Employee Experience businesses also contributed to the revenue growth for the segment, increasing 5% in the quarter. This growth was largely driven by strong client demand for advisory work, data products and software licenses. In Benefits, Delivery & Outsourcing, which encompasses our Benefits, Delivery & Administration and our Technology and Administrative Solutions businesses, revenue increased 7% from the prior year second quarter. The increase was largely driven by individual marketplace and reflected growth in Medicare Advantage revenue in our direct-to-consumer business. Outsourcing revenue also grew with new client appointments and growth across the existing client base. We continue to see a macro environment that supports growth opportunities for this business in 2022. HWC's operating margin was 18.7% this quarter compared to 18.6% in the prior period. Excluding the impact of foreign currency and one-time fees from book of business gains and performance fees, the margin expanded 80 basis points, driven by strong operating leverage and in-year savings from our transformation program. Our near-term and long-term outlook for HWC remain positive,. as we expect its market-leading solutions and the ongoing demand drivers in its core businesses to continue to drive organic growth. Looking at Risk and Broking, revenue was up 3% on an organic basis and 1% on a constant currency basis as compared to the prior year second quarter. Excluding a modest headwind from book of business settlement activities R&B's organic revenue increased 4%. Corporate, Risk & Broking or CRB revenue increased 3%. Book of business settlement activity which stemmed from senior colleague departures that occurred in 2021, declined nominally from the prior year, but did not meaningfully affect CRB's year-over-year organic growth rate. The business generated growth across all regions, primarily from new business with notable strength in our M&A, Aerospace, Natural Resources and FINEX specialty lines. International led CRB's growth, driven by growth in Natural Resources and Construction lines. Growth in North America and Europe came from both new business and improved client retention, driven by the expansion of our teams in those regions and colleague retention rates at senior levels have continued to show improvements. In the Insurance, Consulting and Technology business, revenue was up 9%, compared to the prior year second quarter, driven by increased technology solutions sales and higher demand for advisory work. R&B's operating margin was 19.7% for the second quarter, compared to 23.1% in the prior year second quarter. The margin decline was driven by our significant investment in new revenue-producing and client service talent. In Q2, R&B welcomed new leaders across all geographies. These key hires will deliver their industry expertise and specialty insights to clients across the globe in lines such as Construction, Aerospace, FINEX, Natural Resources and Facultative. Seeing steady improvements in our client pipeline has strengthened our conviction that the work we have done to rebuild our talent base, will yield strong results throughout the second half of the year. We believe, these actions will enable us to significantly accelerate organic growth and meet our longer-term goal of mid-single-digit revenue growth for this business. Now let's turn to the enterprise level results. In Q2 we generated profitable growth, with adjusted operating margins increasing 30 basis points to 15.5%, from 15.2% in the prior year, primarily reflecting improved operating leverage and our transformation initiatives which more than offset our increased investments in talent during the period. We continue to expect margin improvement each year, as we work to deliver in our 2024 margin goals. As Carl mentioned, our transformation initiatives will be a key contributor to this ongoing margin expansion. Our early efforts in this area have been very successful. By accelerating shared services and workforce centralization efforts, and identifying incremental opportunities to drive collaboration through real estate portfolio optimization, we have far surpassed our $30 million annualized run-rate savings goal for the year. As a result, we raised both our near- and long-term targets. Foreign currency with a headwind on adjusted EPS of $0.17 through the first half of the year, largely due to the strength of the U.S. dollar against the euro. Assuming today's rates continue for the remainder of the year, we've updated our guidance related to our expected foreign currency headwind on adjusted earnings per share, from a range of $0.15 to $0.20 to a range of approximately $0.20 to $0.25. We generated free cash flow of $198 million for the first six months of 2022, an $89 million decrease from free cash flow of $287 million in the prior year. This decrease was due primarily to the absence of cash generation from the now divested Willis Re business as well as additional tax payments resulting from both the Willis Re sale and the deal termination fee received last year. We continue to prioritize returning capital to shareholders and executed aggressively on this commitment. During the second quarter of 2022, we paid $91 million in dividends and repurchased 2.1 million shares for $471 million. Of that $471 million $253 million was completed during May and June. We also raised our repurchase authorization by $1 billion to $6.5 billion of which approximately $2.1 billion remains. We continue to be committed to deploying excess capital and free cash flow into our highest return opportunities and still believe that the return we can achieve from repurchasing shares remains highly attractive. Accordingly, we expect to continue to deploy free cash flow in this manner, subject to market conditions. Overall, we're off to a good start in 2022 with the performance of the business ramping as we expected it would. As we think about the rest of the year, we see macroeconomic challenges that will create demand for our services and opportunities to help clients. We continue to feel positive about the investments we have made in talent, innovation and operational transformation and are confident those investments will drive organic revenue growth and margin expansion we have forecast for the year and position us to achieve our 2024 goals. With that, let's open it up for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you.  Our first question comes from Gregory Peters with Raymond James. Your line is open.
Gregory Peters: Good morning, everyone. So I guess, what I'd like to focus on, is the revenue targets in the slide 8. I think you've reiterated the target of achieving a $10 billion revenue results in fiscal year 2024. And there's, a lot of headwinds. You've got ForEx , that's gone against you had to dispose the Russian operations and potential weakening of some economies. And I'm just curious about the pathway, it would suggest that organic and total revenue growth has to accelerate the next couple of years to get your objectives. So can you give us some sense of how you think you can get to that $10 billion target?
Carl Hess: Sure, Greg and good morning to you. So, when we originally set those targets back in Investor Day right, we were looking at three years and a lot can happen over three years and some of which I think in terms of economic cycles, we don't try and predict exactly when they're going to occur, but we know they can occur. So, we tried to do chart a path that we thought was reasonably resilient against a variety of economic conditions that might occur over the 3-year period. And we try not to get too excited about what might happen over quarter-to-quarter because a lot of these things will even out. FX headwinds can turn into FX tailwinds. Recession can turn back into growth and we think all of that can occur. And we think we've got a portfolio of businesses that is reasonably resilient against a variety of economic conditions. So, for instance inflation can drive higher asset prices which will drive and turn higher premiums and thus commissions. I -- we've got a healthcare business where healthcare inflation will drive up the price of insurance and so on and so forth, right? So, the fact that we've got a diversified portfolio of businesses that historically has performed pretty well, across a variety of places, the cycle gives us pretty good confidence.  Now that's not to say, Greg, that we were there predicting Russia would happen but we did allow for things like that to happen over a three-year period because simply the world is an uncertain place.
Gregory Peters: Okay. I guess my follow-up question and it's so many areas to touch on. And I think let's just focus on the hiring. Can you give us some additional detail around the new hires you brought in terms of percentage of workforce or just some granular details on what's going on? We see the headlines. It's kind of hard for us on the outside to get a sense of the progress being made because an announcement that you're hiring this broker or that broker against the context of an organization that employees thousands of -- tens of thousands of people it's kind of hard to gauge what's really going on. So additional detail there will be helpful.
Carl Hess: Sure Greg. So, as we mentioned our hiring activity during our second quarter was matched that of the first quarter which in turn was the highest it's been since 2019. Our attrition rates, on the other side are very consistent with industry benchmarks that we use to gauge our progress there. So, hiring has exceeded voluntary terminations. Our headcount continues to increase.  We focus strongly on the front office and sales and client management jobs and we're making we think very good progress. And some of that, yes has played out in the trade press but we're net positive. We're continuing to see people attracted to the proposition we represent and we're looking to hire people into physicians that make sense for our strategy, right?  On the broking side, we think where we specialize, we win and that's the reason our global lines continue to grow faster than our overall business and we think we are a very attractive employer for people joining that. We do think that as we've said -- you're right that we bring the people on the revenue will follow overtime. And that's one of the reasons we have confidence in sort of our improving accelerated revenue outlook for the rest of the year.
Gregory Peters: Got it. Okay. Well, those are my two questions. Thanks.
Carl Hess: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. Your line is open.
Paul Newsome: Good morning. Could you give us a little bit more detail about the impact of some of these book gains on the margins. It looks like there was at least some unusual level of book gains in the quarter and maybe that had a margin impact of something that would have not necessarily be recurring respectively?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Paul it's Andrew. Happy to answer that one. As you think about the margin for the various segments and the enterprise, if you exclude the impact of the gain on sale and the performance fees right which presented a headwind within HWC. The HWC margin, as we mentioned during the prepared remarks, would have expanded 80 basis points without that headwind. Risk and Broking would have been the same with or without the impact of the gain on sale. And at the enterprise level, there would have been 60 basis points of margin expansion on an underlying basis, if you will.
Paul Newsome: Great. Thank you. My second question or actually I was thinking about the comments you made from the economic sensitivity in the past. I think you referred to the predecessor company. Were you thinking of Willis or Towers or kind of both that's combined, because I think in 2008 2009, they were separate companies?
Carl Hess: You're absolutely right. We were separate and we were citing both in terms of how we performed during that period. And I should add, right, we've taken steps to further build up our resiliency in the businesses since then. For instance, if you look at the mix of business between consulting and technology in either our human capital or our insurance consulting and technology businesses, that's shifted far more towards the technology side of things, which means we're talking multiyear contracts that are less sensitive to economic volatility. And that was a very deliberate step we took to make sure that we thought that the business had more sustainability to the growth rates over time. So, very deliberate on our part.
Paul Newsome: Fantastic. Ill let some other folks to ask question. So, appreciate the help as always.
Paul Newsome: That is all, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Elyse Greenspan: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. My first question is just on the outlook for the second half of revenue growth. So, in your prepared remarks, you mentioned that you expect the benefit from talent to meaningfully accelerate in the back half. So can you give us a sense of how much revenue you're expecting from the new hires in the second half of this year? And then also, within your full year guidance of mid-single-digits, are you expecting any additional book gains in the back half of the year?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Sure. Hi Elyse, it's Andrew. I'll start with the concept of hiring translating into growth. We have been hiring at a fast pace but we have a lot of experience onboarding talent, and it's always been the case that the revenue lags the hiring activity by several quarters. As we said last quarter, we expect the first half of 2022 to be a gradual build then the second half to reflect all of the accelerating benefits and the narrowing gap with the industry. What we saw in the first and second quarters remains consistent with those expectations with some positive trends in our Corporate Risk & Broking segment. We are seeing top line benefit and expecting that to meaningfully accelerate in the second half. Looking beyond that, you should expect that the hires we're making now will continue to make a contribution and even larger contribution as we move into 2023. And your -- I'm sorry, Elyse, the second question?
Elyse Greenspan: I was just curious, does the full year guidance, when you say mid-single-digit organic, are you expecting any additional book gains or just what we saw in the second quarter?
Andrew Krasner: We still expect to see some throughout the remainder of this year that relate to 2021 events as we've seen through the first half of this year. We do expect them to return to a normalized level over time.
Carl Hess: And just a general comment, right? As we try to give you our outlook on things, sort of the known, knowns, right, whether it's book gains or performance fees and changes in that. We're trying to -- we factor that in into our expectations rather than treat those as surprises that we're trying to give you later in the period right? So we're...
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then, when you guys say, mid-single-digit organic, I don't think you guys have ever defined that. I know some peers had said that 5% or greater. Do you see that as 4% or 5%, like when you set the baseline from mid-single-digit what percentage are you using?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, yes. You're in the correct range in terms of how we think about it, Elyse.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Thanks.
Andrew Krasner: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Motemaden with Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
David Motemaden: Hi. Thanks. Good morning. I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the hiring, it sounds like that's accelerated and headcount has grown on a quarter-over-quarter basis. I'm wondering specifically, just if we're looking at it on a year-over-year basis, are we at a point yet where we're seeing headcount growth on a year-over-year basis, particularly in producer roles in R&B?
Carl Hess: Yes and yes. That's quite correct. We very deliberately targeted, beginning with just about a year ago, making sure that we focused on rebuilding our front office and that's big -- a good deal of success in doing exactly that. So we're very happy with the progress we've made in increasing our head count year-over-year and are continuing to look for the right people to bring on to continue to accelerate our growth. But the direct answer to your question, David, is, yes.
David Motemaden: Great. Thanks. That's helpful. And then, I just wanted -- on the cost saves, it's good to see that you guys are ahead of schedule and increase the target to $300 million target. It sounds like the incremental upside is coming from some of the real estate optimization that you guys are doing, could you just remind me of the $300 million plus, I guess, now over $300 million of cost saves, how much is coming from real estate optimization? And what does that imply about how much of your real estate footprint you plan to cut?
Carl Hess: So as we identified at our Investor Day presentation, we've got three major buckets with respect to the transformation program. We've got real estate, our footprint there. We've got technology and what we can do to accelerate our journey to the cloud and standardize technology across the organization and we've got operational efficiency measures that we're taking. As we look toward our improved outlook, we see potential in all of these, not just real estate. You're correct that real estate was the first element of the program we could move on and we have acted expeditiously. But our improved outlook for over $300 million for the program is from all those cylinders, not just the real estate program in isolation.
David Motemaden: Got it. And just to follow up on that. Is it -- I had remember, there was $180 million $200 million of the $300 million was coming from real estate from just real estate optimization. Any sort of sense for how much of your total real estate footprint you plan to cut that's embedded in that outlook?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think, the -- your reference to the $180 million, there is probably a ballpark figure based on some graphical representations of what we put out there. As we think about our footprint, it is a meaningful reduction in our footprint. We won't get into specifics in terms of what percentage of our real estate portfolio that is, but it is quite significant. And as Carl has discussed in the past, right, the sort of reconfiguring of that workspace that remains after the fact to foster client interactions and collaborations with our colleagues.
Carl Hess: Yes. We're actually taking the call here today David from our Philadelphia office, which is one of the early conversions we've made toward -- looking toward the new footprint. It's actually a great place to meet people.
David Motemaden: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Cox with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Robert Cox: Hi. Good morning. Could you talk about the puts and takes on free cash flow in the quarter and how you see free cash flow growing throughout the remainder of the year?
Andrew Krasner: Yes, absolutely, Robert. Thanks for the question. The decrease in free cash flow was primarily driven by the elimination of cash generation from Willis Re which was divested, as well as some additional tax payments resulting from both the Willis Re sale and the receipt related to the termination payment from the business combination. So that's what's really driving that change. Our focus, as you can imagine, remains on our long-term goal of the $5 billion to $6 billion by 2024 that we set at Investor Day as opposed to any, sort of, short-term performance or volatility that may arise quarter-to-quarter.
Robert Cox: Got it. Thank you. And then just a second question going back to the transformation initiative. The comments were that the savings were in a pull forward of savings. So I guess, my question is, is it fair to assume that the $50 million increase in your 2022 savings target also is a $50 million increase to the $300 million run rate. And then in an upside scenario, how much more savings do you think you could get here because it looks like you're getting -- you're finding additional savings? Thanks.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So the increase for the current year is a combination of things that we've been able to accelerate some real estate , some non-real estate, but also some new opportunities that we have identified as the program has moved along. So I'm not sure that the direct translation of the excess this year applies uniformly to in excess of the entire program. We do expect to -- the excess this year applies uniformly to in excess of the entire program. We do expect to -- think about our more detailed guidance going forward and if there's stuff to share there we would do that about when we give our thoughts on 2023 towards the end of the year.
Robert Cox: Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from Mark Hughes with Truist. Your line is open.
Mark Hughes: Yes. Thank you. Good morning. I think you got growth in Medicare Advantage. I know that's been a pretty dislocated area lately and I think you were alluding to the macro environment supporting growth. Does that apply to the Medicare Advantage as well? How do you see that shaping out particularly as we get an early look at maybe enrollment season?
Carl Hess: So early days for enrollment season Mark. Good morning. I'll address, sort of, both of those. First of all in terms of the market opportunity, as we're fond of citing right, 10,000 people become newly eligible for Medicare every day. And the percentage of Medicare eligibles who buy an advantage plan rather than just use traditional Medicare continues to rise. It's expected to go from just over 40% to more than 50% by the end of the decade. So there's clearly the growth potential in this market. And that's even not -- even taking into account current people receiving Medicare. Now with respect to, sort of, indications for the year, remember most of transact's revenue is fourth quarter, right? It's -- that's our vast bulk of our selling season. So Q1, Q2, Q3 I think early days and really difficult to infer, sort of, what's happening today into what that might mean for the end of the year when our deal -- our big sales campaign and overall annual enrollment takes place.
Mark Hughes: Okay. Now on the capital management front, about a good amount of stock back this quarter. Is this a reasonable run rate for the balance of the year?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think, it's fair to say that the rate at which we have acquired shares during the end of last year and the first half of this year would come down and as we've said before we expect to manage our share buybacks using our free cash flow generation as opposed to the large amount of cash that we had on our balance sheet from the sale of Willis Re and the termination payment. So I think that's a good way to think about it.
Mark Hughes: Okay. Thank you very much.
Andrew Krasner: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies. Your line is open.
Yaron Kinar: Hi. Good morning, everybody. My first question just going back to the cost save target that's now increasing above $300 million by the end of 2024. What does that mean for the operating profit margin target of 24% to 25%? Is that also increasing? And if not what offsets are you seeing?
Andrew Krasner: No. The profit margin target out in 2024 is a range, right? So it provides for variability and opportunities that we may uncover along the way. So I think the right way to think about that is still the 24% to 25% target.
Carl Hess: And one point, I'd just like to make about the transformation program in general. While this is a three-year program we don't anticipate. At the end of it, we're going to be done finding opportunities for continued margin improvement across the organization. The entire management team is committed to looking at how we can be the best and most efficient WTW we can be. And so that's one of the reasons, we've seen additional opportunities in the prior quarter that have caused us tell you where we think we're headed on that. But at the end of the day regardless of what the outcome is for the transformation program we'll be continuing to look for further opportunities to be an efficient company.
Yaron Kinar: Got it. And then I think both in your prepared comments and in response to a previous question around the margin impact from the bookings in HCW. You had lumped in the book gains with performance fees when you were making these adjustments. So just conceptually, am I thinking about it correctly that the book gains would have been adjusting those how would have been a bad guide on margin, but then it's more than offset by a good guide from the performance fee adjustment?
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. In terms of the headwinds and the tailwinds in margin, I think you're thinking about that right. The  I think the right way to examine all of the one-time items is to look at the headwinds and the tailwinds and the headwind from the performance fee was larger than the tailwind from gains on sale at an enterprise level.
Yaron Kinar: Can you quantify either?
Andrew Krasner: I think it's  it will be disclosed in the Q that will get filed later today so you can pick up that detail from there.
Yaron Kinar: Thank you.
Andrew Krasner: Thank you.
Operator: We have a question from Brian Meredith with UBS. Your line is open.
Brian Meredith: Yes. Thanks. Two questions here. First, Carl I'm just curious could you talk a little bit about what client retention levels will look like and maybe break it out between the two business segments and how that's been trending over the last call it 12 months? And is that what's also giving you some more confidence and your ability to make that mid-single-digit organic growth in the second half of the year?
Carl Hess: Yeah. I'll take that from a qualitative perspective as we don't disclose retention rates. But I look at it this way, right? Last year, we were a year ago pretty much to the day we're at a point of maximum uncertainty for the organization, which did have an effect on retention rates in the business, having a clear destiny and strategy that our clients I think appreciate and like has been extremely helpful in terms of making sure that the core base of our revenue, which is recurring revenue from clients, we think it's about 80% across the organization. Remains very, very strong and they continue to hand us new opportunities to deepen those relationships. There is a variety across the portfolio. So our  for instance our Retirement business is incredibly sticky and remain so over the past several years despite any disruption you might have seen. And we're seeing that play forward in just the exact same way it has over the past few decades, right? Our talent businesses the career at Health Wealth and Career historically have been more project oriented and so there is just simply a lower retention rate inherent to that business, again, which we've addressed through our buildup of our software offerings, which are stickier in nature. On the R&B side, right? Our analysis indicates that a lot of our growth is actually coming from new, which is a very healthy sign for what we've been doing. And as we've stabilized retention rates in the business following the last couple of years' worth of activity that stabilization should lead to the acceleration of growth we expect during the rest of the year.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thanks. And then second one for Andrew. I'm just curious, fiduciary income that you're getting what impact did that have in the quarter maybe on a year-over-year basis and kind of the benefits potentially on the margins and inorganic growth? I imagine there's a nice little pickup.
Andrew Krasner: Yeah. I don't have all of that detail at hand, Brian. But you're right for every quarter 25 basis points rate movement. We pick up about $4 million of investment income given the investable fiduciary cash. So, it has started to have an impact. However, the -- we have to have the portfolio turnover right to be able to reinvest at the higher rate. So, it does take a little bit of time to work through the P&L, but we are seeing positive impact and momentum there.
Brian Meredith: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. Your line is open.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hi. Good morning. Thank you for taking my questions. Carl, I thought of just ask you a little bit about how you're thinking about the accelerated and incremental cost savings you're generating from the program over the course of this year, or -- and just holistically actually, are you thinking about that as, hey, anything extra that we find, we really want to just focus on driving the top line of the business, continued hiring, continued investments, or are you thinking that there will be some of that will be dropped to the bottom line?
Carl Hess: Yes. Thanks, Shlomo. Good morning. I view this as a bit of an and, right? We have a three-year target for revenue. We have a three-year target for margin. And we want to chart a sensible course that gets us to that at the end of the day. So, there are going to be times where we invest for growth, and there are going to be times where we'll take the savings and recognize that we've been able to permanently transform ourselves to be a more efficient company. And we want to judge that as circumstances come right? So, I think that will be a quarter-to-quarter thing. I wouldn't read to -- a individual quarter into a pattern of how we're going to balance those two out. But we have a set of goals, and we know that there's tension between them, and it's our job as a management team to get there at the end of the day. And that's an active discussion that Andrew and I have all the time.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And then, was there any impact to the business by excluding the Russia stuff from last year. As we talk about book of business, we talked about investment income fees, but was there anything the Russia business that was a negative year-over-year?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I mean, we -- when we announced that we were exiting the country and the business there. We disclosed some information in an 8-K that would give you the size of the ongoing impact from a revenue perspective. So, yes, there is a bit of a headwind from a revenue perspective, most notable in our Risk and Broking business, as you might expect just given the history of our business there focused on that part of the market.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America. Your line is open.
Josh Shanker: Yes. Thank you. And I appreciate some of the color on earlier questions. I wanted to dig a little deeper. On the move from $30 million to $71 million of cost savings so far with up to maybe even over $80 million by the end of the year. That's a big change. I guess you talked about one real estate rationalization. I'm not a restructuring specialists, can you walk a little through what happens that you can find so quickly opportunities to save money. I'm just curious, it's a lot of money, and congratulations, and I'm wondering how that works.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, sure. I'll start on the real estate side where as we sat down and continuously analyze the real estate portfolio, there were opportunities to reconfigure or exit space that were economically attractive that weren't necessarily apparent to us when we sketched out the program at the end of last year. That drove a meaningful part of it. And as we moved along, there were similar types of situations related to IT and other areas of our business where we were able to take advantage of some right-shoring opportunities that made economic sense for the business. And then, the other part that drove that was also, new opportunities, right, that hadn't been uncovered at the outset of the program that we were able to identify and execute on relatively quickly.
Carl Hess: Yes. I would point out before we extrapolate too far right the next phase of opportunities right will require a more measured approach right, things like technology modernization, our process optimization. We don't want to disturb our business momentum. And so we will be approaching those in a measured way consistent with the overall timing we have around the program.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And then I think, I know the answer even other questions. But if you have like put thing -- organic growth in the three buckets retention, new business and price for what you're selling I imagine to get in step with your peers the element that's been weak so far as the new business production has retention been on power with your expectations? Are you getting the price from the market where your service is?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. As we look at growth to-date and where we expect the growth to come from price will be a contributor, but as you sort of alluded to not the main driver, right. New business has been in line with our expectations and we'll we expect to continue to accelerate given all of the hiring that's taking place as Carl mentioned in the front office. The retention rates are in line with our expectations. They've improved over the last year. We continue to expect improvement in that metric as we continue through the rest of the year into next year.
Josh Shanker: Thank you very much.
Andrew Krasner: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Autonomous. Your line is open.
Ryan Tunis: Thanks. Good morning. Yes. So back in February in the 10-K, you guys disclosed a number of unfilled seats. I think it was 2,800 then. Could you give us an update on what that number looks like today?
Carl Hess: I don't think we have that to hand Ryan. So we can follow-up to the extent if that is comfortable for you.
Ryan Tunis: Sure. No problem. And then on the Wealth business, you mentioned some headwinds you think it will get better in the second half of the year. Could you give us some idea of ignoring those headwinds this quarter? I think you said it was negative 7% organic, but stripping out those headwinds where did you see core organic in the Wealth business in 2Q?
Carl Hess: So I think the answer is absent that performance fee Wealth would have been down to three. And that's principally due to timing work within the Retirement business. Retirement is the bulk of our Wealth business, right? It's our Retirement business and our Investments business, Retirement a bigger business for us. And so the timing of that project work is the principal cause of that decline. We actually have visibility into take a rebound of activity during the remainder of the year.
Ryan Tunis: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Marcon with Baird. Your line is open.
Mark Marcon: Good morning and thanks for taking my questions. I have two questions that are macro related. The first one is aside from broking are there opportunities to raise prices in any areas with any sort of significance given the inflationary environment. We're starting to hear from other companies that they've been taking up price where historically they haven't. So I'm just wondering if you have any opportunities from that perspective.
Carl Hess: We do. We -- our consulting businesses charge on a variety of basis, but one of them is still good old billable hours and we have the ability to modify billing rates. Some of that is subject to contracts in force which may specify hourly rates but others are prevailing rates and we have that flexibility. So -- and that is something we do look at in all sorts of economic conditions.
Mark Marcon: Great. And it sounds like you're opportunistically taking advantage of the environment and doing that?
Carl Hess: We look to pull all levers in our portfolio when it comes to the revenue side of our business as well as the expense side. So I think the safe answer to that is, yes.
Mark Marcon: Okay. Great. And then the second one is obviously we're in a slowing macro environment. There's no doubt about that. There's some debate about whether or not we're entering a recession or not. And I'm wondering how are you thinking about levers to continue to hit the targets. Obviously, you're -- you've got a cost reduction program that's proving to be even more successful. But just wondering, if things get a little bit worse historically like Julie's business, it's been highly responsive to the fluctuations and we've made adjustments. How -- philosophically how are you thinking about that given that we're in the process of rebuilding headcount rebuilding recruiting and retaining. Do you still have the flexibility to make adjustments, or how should we think about it -- or are you more focused on the three-year goal? And if a year falls a little bit short, because of the macro that's not really the overriding concern.
Carl Hess: I think it's an, and in the way we approach this, right? We don't ignore the short term. We certainly don't ignore the long term and we manage the business for the greatest amount of resilience, we can. And there are -- as I said, there are levers we can pull here, right? I mean one of them is like many firms in the industry a lot of our compensation is variable. And so as our performance varies, that we share the rewards and the burdens of that variation in performance. So that's, one. We have done our best to sort of again transform our businesses so they are less economically sensitive, and Julie's done a lot of work over the years in just that in the rear side of the business. The Wealth side, the Health side are less economically sensitive. And so as I said, as we moved from a pure consulting provider to a solutions provider, we've taken some of the economic sensitivity out of that business. I think particularly, what makes this one a little interesting right now, is that there's still great demand for our Career business in the light of the great resignation. And now the great -- what are we going to do ride inflation? And so the demand for our services looks very strong, over the short term despite the economic clouds we're seeing.
Mark Marcon: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and thats all the time we have for question. I'd like to turn the call back to management, for closing remarks.
Carl Hess: Thank you very much. Great question today and really happy for the engagement with you. I just want to point out that while we think, we have made good strides and I appreciate the chance to explain, how we are managing this business going forward. There is more to do, right? As I said earlier in this call, right the three-year program we've outlaid is a good start to achieving all the WTW can be. We think we have a great time and we look forward to continuing dialogue with you as we achieve it. Have a great day, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-04-28 16:43:14) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the WTW First Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to wtwco.com for the press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Todays call is being recorded and will be available for the next three months on WTWs website. Some of the comments in todays call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in the most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings. During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. For reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding the measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the companys website. I would now turn the call over to Carl Hess, WTWs Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead.
Carl Hess: Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us for WTWs first quarter 2022 earnings call. Joining me today is Andrew Krasner, our Chief Financial Officer. The first quarter marked a solid start to our year, with results that were in line with our expectations and reflect improved momentum in our business. We generated organic revenue growth of 2% and expanded adjusted operating margins by 200 basis points, driven by new business generation and continued expense discipline. We also continue to focus on executing our capital allocation strategy and have now completed $4.1 billion in share repurchases since our 2021 Investor Day. Overall, weve had a solid start to the year and remain confident in our ability to deliver on our financial goals for both 2022 and the longer term. Before discussing our strategic progress and operating results, Id like to share our heartbreak and dismay over the crisis in Ukraine. We wholeheartedly wish for a peaceful solution and remain steadfast in our support for all our colleagues and their families in the region who have been affected. Their safety and well-being have been top of mind in the past months. WTW has been in daily contact with any colleagues whove chosen to remain in the Ukraine and provided financial and accommodation support to those who chose to relocate. Our own special contingency risks operation is providing guidance and assistance to our Ukraine country leader. Were also encouraging our colleagues to utilize our matching gifts program to help increase financial donations for disaster relief. Im proud of how our colleagues who come together in support. Thank you for showing up for each other. In addition to supporting our employees, WTW is supporting clients in key areas related to this crisis, including claims and risk across various lines such as political, investment, supply chain and cyber. As previously announced, WTW decided to withdraw from our business in Russia and transfer ownership to local management who will operate independently in the Russian market. In a few minutes, Andrew will talk more about the financial impact of our decision to exit Russia. Now Id like to provide a few updates on our progress against our company-wide priorities. At our last Investor Day, we unveiled our grow, simplify and transform strategy, and we executed against each of these strategic priorities during the first quarter. Innovation has always been a key area of focus for us. And as One WTW, we strive to bring the diverse capabilities of the enterprise together to innovate on behalf of our clients to address current and unmet needs, and we continue to do so in the first quarter. Let me walk you through just a few examples. Our Risk and Broking segment launched ESG analytics and diagnostics, which provides a multisource comprehensive analysis of a firms ESG performance. We also introduced a bespoke reputational risk solution designed to help our clients understand, manage and recover from reputational crises. Both products address ESG risk, which is an area of rapidly growing importance for our clients. Our ongoing product innovation continues to drive growth in our Risk & Analytics business within Risk and Broking. In Health, Wealth and Career, we unveiled a new employee insights platform called Engage to help clients understand their employees views on various topics that affect the employee experience and, ultimately, business performance. Weve had fantastic client feedback on Engage to date and are excited about its potential. Im pleased to say that our commitment to innovation continues to be recognized by the industry. During the quarter, WTW secured the top spot in Advisens Pacesetter Index and annual recognition of product innovation leadership in the P&C insurance industry. WTW topped the index having launched 16 new products and services in 2021. Im proud of our team for earning this recognition, which reinforces our capabilities and our dedication to delivering innovative and actionable solutions for todays complex challenges in people, risk and capital. At our Investor Day, I also spoke to you about our actions to simplify the business and make it easier and quicker to engage with our clients as we work to bring the best of WTW to them. Weve advanced on this front as well, refocusing the company into 2 operating segments across 3 geographies to create a more streamlined structure and enhance the agility of the team while also enabling us to leverage common technology, platforms and processes. We also shared our focus on transforming WTW to enhance speed to market and promote efficiency, and Im encouraged by the progress weve made on our transformation initiatives. We realized $16 million of incremental annualized savings during the first quarter, bringing the total to $36 million since the programs inception. This exceeds our original $30 million target for all of 2022. And as part of this program, we introduced WTW work styles, a program which modernizes the way we work to align our real estate footprint to a hybrid working environment and contributes to our transformation program savings. WTW work styles reflects our belief that colleagues can be successful working in a variety of our ways and our confidence that a high-performing culture is the result of exceptional talent, not real estate. Speaking of talent, our rate of hiring in the first quarter accelerated by 23% compared to the fourth quarter of 2021, reaching our highest hiring volume in a single quarter since 2019. Our new hires in sales and client management roles tripled compared to the first quarter last year. We also continue to see retention efforts gain more traction in Q1, with voluntary attrition dropping 19% from Q4 of 2021 and a significant decline in senior level departures. Weve seen the same positive dynamics play out in our Corporate Risk & Broking segment. Let me take a minute now to touch on some of our financial highlights for the quarter. On an organic basis, revenue was up 2%, reflecting growth across most of our businesses. Adjusted operating income was $371 million or 17.2% of revenue for the quarter, up 200 basis points from $338 million or 15.2% of revenue in the same period last year as our growth and expense discipline combined to enhance our profitability in the period. Net result was adjusted diluted earnings per share of $2.66, representing 22% growth over the prior year, in part due to our aggressive share repurchase program. Overall, our performance in the quarter was aligned with our expectations and reflected our commitment to profitable growth and the successful execution of our strategy. We continue to build momentum, and we believe our progress has us on track to reach our financial goals for 2022 and to become a $10 billion plus company by 2024. In closing, I want to express my gratitude to my incredible team of colleagues who live our values and have delivered every day for our clients in a volatile and challenging environment. With our sharpened focus, we are well positioned to continue driving growth and executing on our transformation. And with that, Ill turn the call over to Andrew for more detail on our results.
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, Carl. Good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us so early in the day. The first quarter saw dramatic macroeconomic and geopolitical changes that required us to navigate rapid and significant shifts in our markets that we expect will continue to evolve throughout the year. High inflation, uncertainty around how long it will last and tight labor supply are impacting our clients people strategies in a variety of ways. Geopolitical and economic factors are affecting the insurance landscape, with events in Ukraine likely to dampen the short-term moderation in pricing growth. Monetary policy and inflationary forces are expected to translate into remeasured asset values and exposures, ultimately translating into premium growth. We continue to navigate through this complex and dynamic backdrop and have delivered a good start to the year, with most of our businesses contributing to organic revenue growth. Before we turn to our detailed segment results, let me take a moment to touch on our exit from our Russian businesses. As we previously reported, we made the decision to exit our operations in Russia, which comprised approximately 1% of consolidated WTW revenue for 2021, primarily within our Risk and Broking segment. The lost profits from our Russia operations will create modest margin headwinds for the company in 2022 and beyond. However, we have taken swift action to deploy near-term cost mitigation measures and to identify longer-term offsets, which gives us confidence in achieving our guidance for the year and reaching our 2024 financial goals. Lets turn to our detailed segment results. Note that to provide clear comparability with all periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. The Health, Wealth and Career, or HWC segment, generated revenue growth of 2% on an organic basis and 3% on a constant currency basis compared to the first quarter of the prior year. Career, which represents our Work & Rewards and Employee Experience businesses, led revenue growth for the segment, increasing 7% in the quarter, following growth of 3% in Q4 of 2021. This growth was driven by strong demand for rewards consulting, pay benchmarking and software. Health, which is comprised of our Health and Benefits broking and consulting business, delivered strong growth of 6% through a combination of increased retention, new client appointments and project work. Wealth, which represents our Retirement and Investment businesses, had a revenue increase of 1% for the quarter, driven by growth from new clients. In Benefits Delivery & Outsourcing, which encompasses our Benefits Delivery & Administration and benefit plan administration businesses, revenue declined by 2% from the prior year first quarter. The decline was largely driven by individual marketplace and reflected a shift in revenue timing from our B2B Medicare exchange business, which we expect to normalize over the course of 2022, as well as lower growth in Medicare Advantage revenue in our direct-to-consumer business. We continue to see a macro environment that supports growth opportunities for this business. HWCs operating margin expanded 110 basis points to 20.7% in the first quarter, driven primarily by strong operating leverage from our growth. We see HWCs historical industry-leading margins continuing. HWCs market-leading solutions and the tailwinds in its core markets should continue to drive organic growth. Both our near-term and long-term outlook on HWC remain positive. Now lets look at Risk and Broking, or R&B. R&Bs revenue was flat on an organic and constant currency basis as compared to the prior year first quarter. Excluding a headwind from a book of business gain on sale that was recorded in the prior comparable period, Risk and Brokings organic revenue growth was 2%. In the Insurance Consulting and Technology, or ICT business, revenue was up 9% compared to the prior year first quarter, with increased technology solutions sales alongside increased demand for advisory work. Corporate Risk & Broking, or CRB, revenue declined 1%. Excluding the book of business sale I mentioned earlier and Russia-related revenue, CRB increased 3% and, growth across all regions, primarily from new business with notable strength in our FINEX and M&A lines. Excluding headwinds from prior year book of business sales, North America led CRBs growth, where colleague retention rates at senior levels have continued to show significant improvement. Excluding our Russia business, international and Europe also contributed to CRBs growth. Risk and Brokings operating margin was 21.6% for the first quarter compared to 21.9% in the prior year first quarter. Excluding the headwind from book of business sale in the prior period, the margin increased 130 basis points for the first quarter as a result of top line growth alongside continued cost management. Risk and Brokings organic growth has trailed industry averages, primarily due to elevated colleague departures and reduced hiring during the period when the business combination was pending, 2 factors that we believe are now behind us. We continue to expect that the actions we have taken will enable us to narrow the growth gap over the course of the year, with pace accelerating in the second half of 2022 as the impacts of our actions build and headwinds subside. Overall, our outlook for Risk and Broking remains positive with mid-single-digit revenue growth expected over the longer term. Now lets turn to the enterprise level results. In Q1, we generated profitable growth with adjusted operating margins increasing 200 basis points to 17.2% from 15.2% in the prior year, a product of our focus on strategic priorities and cost management. We continue to expect margin improvement each year as we work to deliver on our 2024 margin goals. As Carl mentioned, our transformation initiatives will be a key contributor to that ongoing margin expansion. Our early efforts in this area have been very successful, and we have already surpassed our $30 million annualized run rate savings goal for the year. We are actively seeking further cost transformation opportunities, and well update you as those progress. We had free cash flow of negative $10 million for the first quarter of 2022, a $155 million increase from free cash flow of negative $165 million in the prior year. Approximately $50 million of the increase was core free cash flow improvement while the remaining $105 million was driven by onetime items. The onetime items consist primarily of legal settlement paid -- payments made in the prior year, totaling $185 million, partially offset by a net $80 million in other nonrecurring items, such as cash inflows from now divested businesses like Reinsurance, which increased prior year free cash flow, and cash payments related to transaction and transformation costs, which decreased current year free cash flow. We continue to prioritize returning capital to shareholders and executed aggressively on those commitments. We paid $98 million in dividends for the first quarter of 2022 and repurchased 9.9 million shares for $2.25 billion, achieving the $4 billion near-term share repurchase target we set at Investor Day. At the end of Q1, approximately $1.6 billion remain under our current repurchase authorization. We remain committed to deploying excess capital and free cash flow into our highest return opportunities and continue to believe the return we can achieve from repurchasing shares remains highly attractive, and we expect to continue to deploy free cash flow in this manner. Overall, were off to a good start in 2022. As we think about the rest of the year, we see macroeconomic challenges that will continue to create demand for our services and opportunities to help clients. We continue to feel positive about the investments we made in talent last year and this year. We are confident those investments will support revenue growth and that we will achieve our targets for the year. With that, lets open it up for Q&A.
Operator:  Our first question comes from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: So my first question is on the comp and benefit ratio, I think it was down about 270 basis points year-over-year. How do you see that evolving now that attrition and hiring have inflected?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Theres a lot of different components moving within the salaries and benefit line. Part of it is FX. We also had businesses that were part of the group last year, such as Miller, who were not in this years numbers as well. It will take some time for some of that to work through the system. So we expect to return to more historical normalized ratios and levels over time as that stuff clears through.
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And do you see any lingering impact from book sales for the rest of the year?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So there were no book sales this quarter. And obviously, we had the headwind from the first quarter of last year. We expect to return to more normalized levels over time as weve talked about in the past. However, theres always the possibility that there may be some, over the next couple of quarters, that relate directly to events that would have transpired in 2021.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Motemaden with Evercore ISI.
David Motemaden: Just a question. You had spoken in the previous response about returning to a more normalized comp and ben ratio over time. Obviously, a lot of different things have been moving around here from business sales. And I guess Im just wondering what would you define as a more normalized comp and ben ratio that we should think about over time?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think the best way to look at that is to go backwards, look at some of our historical comp and ben ratios when there was less M&A activity, less ins and out within the business and some more stable FX.
David Motemaden: Got it. Okay. Thats helpful. And then maybe good to see on the share repurchase that was completed, the $4 billion, ahead of schedule. Understanding you still have some left on the authorization, but I guess Im just wondering, cash level still look healthy, leverage is still below your target. I guess maybe you could talk about how youre thinking about and how we should think about timing of a new authorization and completing the existing one.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I mean in terms of authorization, right, that -- we always make sure we have enough headroom to be able to capitalize on opportunities that may present themselves. And of course, we balance the share repurchase pacing with free cash flow now that were sort of through the large amount of cash on the balance sheet from the termination payment. And the divestiture of Willis Re. So I would expect the pace to moderate over the rest of the year. But we continue to believe that our highest return opportunity is the investment in our own shares.
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo.
Elyse Greenspan: My first question was just on client retention. Can you give us a sense of where the client retention was this quarter? Where was it last quarter? And then how should we think about how thats going to impact organic in 2022? And what kind of the base case for client retention through the year embedded within that mid-single-digit organic growth guidance?
Carl Hess: Yes. So we dont disclose retention. But clearly, some of the headwinds we faced last year have dissipated. And we expect that to show up in the retention figures as well. There are a couple of factors there, right? One is organizational uncertainty, which has clearly dissipated with a clear path forward post the merger termination. And second is the human capital effects that the uncertainty had within our workforce and the fact that weve been able to reverse that with our hiring successes and building back the team to where it needs to be. So were quite happy with both of those, and we think that, that tells a pretty good story for what retention can be going forward as well as, of course, the traction of new business.
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then I noticed you guys did not provide the TRANZACT revenue this quarter. Im not sure if youre willing to disclose that if you can. And then I see that the Benefits Delivery & Outsourcing business, right, that was negative 2% organic. So Im assuming you saw a decline within TRANZACT. And would that be your expectation that, that business would decline this year? And is that also embedded within the mid-single-digit organic growth guidance?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Elyse, its Andrew. I think there are a couple of pieces to that, so Ill try and unpack all of that. And if I miss anything, please let me know. So first, the metrics that we are providing are aligned with the way that were running our business under the new segmentation. In the past years, we did provide growth figures for TRANZACT to give further clarity into the growth for the first few years during the acquisition. Well continue to give color on that business, but the level of detail will be different just given the new segmentation. In terms of growth for that business, there were some timing headwinds for TRANZACT that occurred in Q1. We fully expect those to normalize over the full year. As mentioned previously on some calls, we run that business for profitable growth and continue to have high expectations that TRANZACT can continue strong growth. We see a macro environment which really supports the growth opportunities in that business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker with Bank of America.
Josh Shanker: A couple items. One is in terms of thinking about the book of business drag, can we quantify that? And should we expect it to continue through 4Q 21 -- 4Q 22, that is?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So the book of business drag for this quarter over the last quarter was about $15 million. So thats whats created that headwind for that particular business. As you can imagine, these things are a bit episodic and involve sometimes lengthy discussions with counterparties as they get worked through. So its hard to say with any certainty what the timing may look like for any of those throughout the rest of the year. But as I said earlier, we do expect to return to a normalized level over time and anything that does pop up throughout the rest of this year directly related to events from 2021.
Josh Shanker: And do we need to budget anything in for revenue loss on the Russian side in our, I guess, inorganic numbers?
Andrew Krasner: No, its divested. So it will come out in the organic numbers.
Josh Shanker: Okay. And then one last one. Can you -- maybe you cant, I was wondering if you can talk about gross hires versus net hires in the quarter, talking about how youve grown and whatnot. Is there any way -- youve got to have some percentages, but we dont have the basis. Can we talk about in terms of headcount?
Carl Hess: Yes. Yes, we dont give that level of detail, but were -- at least from my point of view, I guess, in a happy place of hiring being up and departures being down, which the net effect, therefore, has to be positive.
Josh Shanker: And do you give the employee count at quarter end yet?
Carl Hess: Annually.
Josh Shanker: Only annually. Okay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James.
Greg Peters: So Carl, I guess were about 7 months into your results since you mapped out what your fiscal year 2024 targets would be. And Im just curious if you could give us an updated view on how you view the progress to date versus where you want to be and what you mapped out to investors for fiscal year 24.
Carl Hess: Sure, Greg. Thanks. I mean were pretty happy with where we are with both respect just kind of how were doing in 2022 and 2024. Were making progress, and were what we said we would do. And I think the signs thats happening are there, right, in terms of kind of the resumption of growth. And we talked a little bit about the human capital aspect of that, and were starting to see that take. The hires we did in 2021 begin to generate results for us in 2022 and the steps we took to stabilize the workforce, again, leading to retention and growth efforts. And with respect to our plans for 2024, right, the transformation progress has been at or above what we said it would, and were continuing to see good opportunities there. So I think my general tone is, I think were pretty happy, and weve done what we said we would do. And hopefully, you agree.
Greg Peters: So the bottom line on that is that you are holding firm on your targets, you think theyre still achievable. It looks like the revenue number might be a little bit of a -- its not a layup anymore, especially with Russia falling off, but that would be the assessment that youd like us to take away from this, right?
Carl Hess: Thats right. We didnt know about Russia. No one knew about Russia, but we knew when making our plans that things would happen, right, good things and not so good things, right? Were very...
Greg Peters: I guess the second question I had, and this isnt news to you, and youve heard it in some of the prior questions, but its just -- theres this -- theres -- the new hires come at a cost, and theres a lag between the time you onboard them, theyre actually -- and then they actually produce revenue. And so theres this inflection point of increased cost versus limited revenue. And I guess as we sit on the outside watching your progress, trying to understand the cadence of how thats working within the company, you talk about the wonderful new hire results, and I assume a big chunk of that is forward-facing sales. But were trying to see how that works with the margin assumptions because the upfront cost versus revenue, if that all makes sense.
Carl Hess: So a couple of points, and then Ill let Andrew talk as well. First of all, I mean, not all businesses have that delay between onboarding and revenue, right? So demand for, for instance, so whats going on today in our Work & Rewards business is such that we can put people to work as soon as we get them on the payroll, right? Theres a lot of demand in the marketplace for those services. And the training time to do it, the WTW way, is pretty quick. And of course, some people in sales and client management roles will come to us with existing relationships that theyll be bringing with us as well. So its not a sort of nothing for a long time is the natural way of doing this.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. And the other thing I would add, right, is when we set out our 24 targets, we accounted for the need to make investment hires throughout that period. The pace of margin improvement over that period wont be linear, but we do expect it to be present every year throughout that journey. And of course, weve got various levers at our disposal to make sure that, that happens.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Marcon with Baird.
Mark Marcon: Wondering if you can just talk about your -- how you were conceiving the mid-single-digit organic revenue growth for the year in terms of that target. To what extent do you think you were intending for that to be back-end loaded because of the dynamics that we talked about with regards to newer hires taking a while to add revenue at least within Corporate Risk & Broking? And to what extent should we modify our expectations now that there are more concerns from a cyclicality perspective in terms of what could end up occurring within the economy as rate hikes are pursued and Europe is kind of going through energy stresses.
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Its Andrew, why dont I take the first part of that, and then Ill hand it over to Carl to talk about the macro environment. So in terms of pacing of organic growth, I think its in line exactly with our expectations going into this year. We did expect the pace of that to accelerate during the second half of the year as we continue to narrow the gap with some of our peers. The hiring that Carl talked about sort of depends on the line of business, how quickly the revenue comes online. And weve accounted for that in our plan and commentary about sort of the pacing of organic growth throughout the rest of 2022.
Carl Hess: And with respect to the, say, rate, I mean, we think no matter what the dynamics, we deliver a differentiated and tailored approach to risk management for our clients. And thus, even an environment where the pace of rate increases, moderating can be quite good for our business. Clients work their way through their risk exposures. And just as when rates go up sharply, they may tend to rein in how much theyre spending and retain more risk. As rates moderate, that doesnt necessarily translate into decreased spending or decreased revenue for us. And with respect to the recessionary -- potential recessionary environment, I think Id point out that the need for good advice and great risk management solutions typically only intensifies during dynamic or turbulent times in the markets. And today, were seeing numerous opportunities to provide advice and solutions to our clients as they grapple with these sorts of issues. So we continue to monitor the financial impact of our business, these potential outcomes and adapt our strategy as necessary. But in general, these industries are ones where theyre pretty resilient to economic cycles.
Mark Marcon: Great. And then with regards to just your answers with regards to BDA and the timing of certain headwinds within that business, can you just elaborate in terms of what you meant by that? And what would be the trigger for getting back to growth in that business prior to the new enrollment period?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. You need to look at that business on an annual basis, right? And on an annual basis, we absolutely expect meaningful growth from that business. So dont focus too much on the one quarter of results on a year-over-year basis over the course of the year, right? It will continue to show positive momentum.
Carl Hess: Yes. I mean, TRANZACT really has 2 sales cycles, right? Theres the big Q4 cycle and a smaller Q1 cycle, and theyre really pretty independent.
Mark Marcon: Got it. And then lastly, the transformation program is off to a strong start. Youve restructured about $11 million in the quarter. How should we think about that over the course of this year?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So we entered the year with a meaningful run rate savings, have achieved incremental run rate savings in the first quarter. I think you could probably do some simple math there to try and figure out how much of what weve announced so far will end up being captured this year. The expectation is that we will continue to look for opportunities, to add to that throughout the course of the year and capture as much of that as possible. And as we discussed during the prepared remarks, were constantly evaluating new opportunities, and well come back with an update on that as that develops.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Wilson (sic)  with Piper Sandler.
Paul Newsome: Its Paul Newsome. Thats a new misname from you. Usually, its like Newman. The -- I just want to ask a couple of modeling questions. One is on the tax rate. Any thoughts on that? I wouldnt think a U.S. tax rate, 21%, would be kind of a normal tax rate for you folks, given the -- but maybe just any thoughts you have to help us model that would be great.
Andrew Krasner: Yes, were not providing tax guidance for 2022. However, based on the current environment, we dont foresee any large swings in our projected tax rate for 2022, based on where its been historically. Of course, it doesnt take into account any future legislation, which could have a positive or negative effect on our tax rate.
Paul Newsome: But if we look back sort of before maybe this quarter, that would be kind of a better place to look than this quarter .
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think if you look on an annual basis over the last 2 years, it will give you a pretty good indication of our expectations.
Paul Newsome: Thats great. And then just a couple of more modeling. Any thoughts on some of the restructuring, the pace of some of the restructuring charges that we should expect prospectively as we try and reconcile the difference between the net and adjusted?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We havent disclosed the exact pace of the spend of the $750 million, which we mentioned during Investor Day. You would expect a lot of that to be front-end loaded over, say, the first 2 years, which would be sort of the opposite of what you would expect from the savings, which might be more back-end loaded and accelerate over the course of the 3-year period.
Paul Newsome: And then finally, I guess, similar, unallocated net. Its always been a little bit of a black box for us trying to model Willis. How should we think about cost savings coming through relative -- and I assume that thats a piece of whats going to happen with the segment level as well, but maybe Im wrong. And how should we think about that?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Can you just elaborate on the question there a little bit?
Paul Newsome: Well, theres potentially a corporate, right, level of expenses that come through under the segment level? Historically, a pretty good size number. And I was just wondering if thats part of the expense cuts that weve been talking about and how much we should think about that possibly changing over time?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. No, I think youre asking about the costs, and those will be distributed back to the areas that they are associated with.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: I had a quick question just about the headcount for hiring and attrition. Again, the sequential numbers are definitely showing improvement, but we are dealing with a situation where the fourth quarter is a situation where people dont move around all that much. And I was wondering if you can -- just on the historical experience youve had with Willis Towers Watson, if you could talk about what the levels of hiring and attrition are relative to kind of historical levels that youd normally see in kind of the first quarter, just to give us some context on a longer-term basis.
Carl Hess: Yes. So I mean, our first quarter hiring was the highest weve had in any quarter since the first quarter of 2019. So I mean, its, I think, quite strong by any measure. In terms of attrition, we see this getting back to normal levels. There -- yes, if you look at things like a 12-month rolling attrition, right, things get very distorted by the effect of COVID and then coming out of COVID. So those numbers are a little tough to read. If we look at sort of things like monthly attrition, of course, theres a lot of lumpiness to the figures and some timing that we have to examine, right? For instance, weve got, as you said, fourth quarter termination rates versus immediately after we pay our short-term incentives, right? And so theres  in those numbers. However, we see this normalizing is the easiest way to put it, right, to levels that are much more in line with what weve seen historically for the organizations, precombination.
Shlomo Rosenbaum: So if you go to pre-COVID times, are you significantly different? Or are you just modestly different right now with the good line of sight to normalization?
Carl Hess: Again, theres -- the visibility here is a little hard because if you look at it on a 12-month basis, were factoring in COVID periods. If we look at it on a monthly basis, right, taking something and annualizing it sort of magnifies what might be pretty small number differences. So I dont want to overgeneralize here, but were pretty happy with the numbers were seeing on the attraction and retention.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith: Two questions here. First, hopefully, the first one is a quick simple one here. Andrew, what was the actual benefit from book sales in the second quarter of 2021, just so we know what the headwind is as we look at organic for 2020 -- 2Q 2022?
Andrew Krasner: For Q2 of 2021?
Brian Meredith: Yes, exactly. Yes, exactly. For 2Q of 2021, what was the benefit of book sales so we can kind of understand kind of what the impact will be in 2Q -- or the headwind will be?
Andrew Krasner: I think if my memory serves me correctly, it was about $30 million, 3-0.
Brian Meredith: $30 million. Great. Thats helpful. And then the second question, Im just curious, so if I think back when the merger was going on, Im sure there were a number of clients that left during the merger or, , decided to leave during the merger because of some of the regulatory stuff that was going on. Im just curious, what impact do you think thats having on your organic revenue growth, call it, fourth quarter and this quarter? And what do you think the drag will be here in the next couple of quarters?
Carl Hess: So I mean, there was clearly an impact, right, and twofold, right? One is clients leaving. The other is sort of new clients not signing up, right? Again, back to my earlier comments about  and  out instead of one. We see that dissipating over the balance of the year, Brian. And part of that is due to a strong vibrant WTW is definitely a magnet for clients as well as people, and were very happy about that. And the second being comparables, right? So the effect, so if something goes away and looking at versus prior year numbers. So if you want to sort of take that as a straight line out, thats not a bad place to start in terms of assumption.
Operator: And we have a question from Yaron Kinar with Jefferies.
Yaron Kinar: Just one quick follow-up on TRANZACT. So I think since the acquisition, weve seen the publicly traded peers valuations compressed quite a bit. At what point does that factor into looking at a potential goodwill impairment charge?
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So its Andrew. Thank you for the question. We continue to believe and, I think, have demonstrated that weve got a very different business than some of the stand-alone publicly traded peers. We have different relationships with the carriers. Weve got different processes around lead generation and verification. So while we do take a look at that, of course, we dont believe were impacted by completely the same dynamics as those companies.
Operator: Im showing no other questions in the queue. Id like to turn the call back to management for any closing remarks.
Carl Hess: So we thank everyone for joining us this morning. As we said, were happy about the progress weve made, both with respect to 2022 and our 2024 goals. We look forward to further engagement with you as we take WTW forward to be the best that we can be. Thanks very much, and have a great morning.
Operator: This concludes todays conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-08 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the WTW Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to wtwco.com for the press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next 3 months on WTW's website.
 Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of the other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in the most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings.
 During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. For reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website.
 I will now turn the call over to Carl Hess, WTW's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead. 
Carl A. Hess: Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for WTW's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. Joining me today is Andrew Krasner, our Chief Financial Officer.
 I'm pleased to be here today for my first earnings call as WTW's CEO. I've officially been on the job for about 6 weeks, and it is truly an honor to lead this company. WTW looks very different than it did over 30 years ago when I first joined the company, and it's been an extraordinary journey, one defined by continuous innovation and change.
 As we move forward as an independent company, we recognize the need to grow, simplify and transform. Our recently refreshed brand and new magic stock ticker, WTW, are key signals of this new era. Our new brand evolves our identity to both reflect our rich history and also inspire our future. We may have a new brand, a new ticker and a new leadership team to set us on a bolder path, but certain things will never change: our client focus, teamwork, integrity, respect and excellence. These are our values. They are in our DNA and at the core of everything we do. WTW leadership and colleagues are excited about this bold new approach, and we hope you are, too.
 I'm pleased to report that we continue to see progress in our independent path forward. As we mentioned back in October, we executed on our incentive plans, which provide both short-term and long-term retention benefits, and these have been well received. We've also seen significant measurable improvements in colleague engagement.
 Meanwhile, the pace at which we've been attracting new talent to fuel our path forward has been truly impressive. We hired more people in the second half of 2021 than we hired during the entire year in 2020, and the elevated attrition levels we saw in '21 are behind us. We also made some early progress in our transformation program, which Andrew will expand upon later in the call. Last but not least, we've been steadfast in applying financial discipline as illustrated by our full year margin to year-over-year margin improvement.
 As crude stewards of our financial assets, we plan to continue our emphasis on returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases, which we believe provide the highest return opportunity. We're encouraged by the progress we're making on our strategic initiatives. While we have hard work ahead of us in 2022, we're kicking things off with renewed energy and conviction. Our talented colleagues will strive to meet and exceed the expectations of the clients and individuals we are privileged to serve.
 In the current environment, our clients are striving to create continuity and clarity in an environment of ongoing disruption. Future-focused leaders acknowledge that risk has become a mainstream element of business decisions and will remain so. Today, the frequency and complexity of threats continue to increase due to factors including geopolitics, economic volatility, population health, climate change, supply chain, talent and technology.
 To combat threats and create opportunity, organizations must connect current and future risks; act on environmental, social and governance and sustainability commitments; and build organizational resilience. The time to act is now. WTW's unique perspective connect solutions, strengthens organizations and helps clients better prepare for and thrive in an uncertain future.
 For example, WTW designed the world's first parametric insurance solution for Belize's sovereign debt restructuring. This unique transaction includes targeted insurance protection to cover Belize's loan servicing obligation in the event of certain natural catastrophes such as hurricanes. Hurricanes can create large-scale devastation and disruption to economic activity, thereby halting development. The custom solution allows Belize to focus scarce financial resources on recovery rather than debt servicing and reflects WTW's commitment to using our expertise to shape and fortify resilience in the communities we serve.
 Before we discuss our fourth quarter results, I want to take a moment to directly address our talented and valued colleagues. We have an exciting future ahead, filled with opportunity, and I'm delighted you're here to be part of it. Thank you for your hard work and dedication, and most of all, thank you for your commitment. I'm truly appreciative of your efforts to drive our vision to be the best company in the business and achieve our full potential as One WTW. I'm proud of the company we've built, and I'm excited to be leading us through the next phase of our journey.
 So now let's turn to our financial results. Please note that all metrics referenced are on a continuing operations basis, except where stated otherwise. As a reminder, we substantially completed the sale of Willis Re on December 1, 2021. We recorded a gain of $2.3 billion in connection with the disposal of Willis Re. That gain is included in many of our GAAP profitability measures, which we'll point out as we move through the commentary.
 Overall, our results lined -- aligned with our expectations. But to be crystal clear, they do not reflect the near- and long-term potential of this company to drive organic growth and margin expansion. As mentioned earlier, our hiring levels are among the highest in recent history, and we're confident that the peak of colleague departures is behind us.
 For the full year, we posted 6% organic revenue growth, and our adjusted operating margin was 19.9%. While the results reflect the expected delayed impact of disruptions experienced earlier in 2021, the underlying strength of our business and our early progress on executing our strategy gives me confidence that we remain on track to deliver strong shareholder value over the longer term.
 Reported revenue for the fourth quarter was $2.7 billion, up 1% as compared to the prior year fourth quarter, up 2% on a constant currency basis and up 4% on an organic basis. Income from operations was $690 million or 25.5% of revenue for the fourth quarter as compared to $579 million or 21.7% of revenue in the prior year fourth quarter. Adjusted operating income was $868 million or 32% -- 32.1% of revenue for the quarter, up 170 basis points from $812 million or 30.4% of revenue in the same period last year.
 For the quarter, diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $19.19 as compared to $3.66 in the fourth quarter of prior year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $5.67 for the fourth quarter, reflecting an increase of 9% when compared to $5.19 in the prior year.
 Now let's take a look at each of our segments in more detail. To provide clear comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. Segment margins are calculated using segment revenue and exclude unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles, certain transaction and integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions as well as other items which we consider noncore to our operating results. The segment results include discretionary compensation.
 The Human Capital & Benefits, or HCB, segment revenue was up 3% on an organic basis and constant currency basis compared to the fourth quarter of the prior year. For the full year of 2021, HCB revenue grew 3% organically. Technology and Administration Solutions revenue grew 11% in the fourth quarter primarily due to increased project work in Great Britain and Western Europe.
 Our Health and Benefits revenue increased 6% for the quarter. The increase reflects robust demand in H&B consulting and a gain recorded in connection with a one-off book of business settlement, offset by slower growth in brokerage. The settlement relates to an isolated incident of senior staff departures earlier in 2021.
 Talent and Rewards revenue increased 3% in the quarter, following growth of 17% in Q3 and 22% in Q2. Throughout the year, this growth has represented a rebound from the 2020 slowdown in discretionary projects, plus increasing market demand, particularly for products like compensation benchmarking surveys. The lower growth in Q4 relative to the prior 2 quarters reflects the typical seasonality of compensation survey sales, which peaked in Q2 and Q3, as well as some capacity constraints for advisory services. With expectations for continued strong demand in product and advisory services and having ramped up hiring in the fourth quarter, we are well positioned.
 Retirement revenue was down 1% compared to the prior year fourth quarter, with increased funding and Guaranteed Minimum Pension equalization work in Great Britain offset by declines in North America due to a reduction in work in Canada to implement regulatory changes and lower demand for bulk lump sum projects.
 HCB's operating margin was 31.2% for the fourth quarter compared to 31.3% in the prior year fourth quarter. On a full year basis, HCB's operating margin improved to 27.0% from 26.0% in the prior year. Year-over-year, excluding the impact of currency and gains from book of business settlements, HCB's margin declined by 150 basis points for the fourth quarter but increased by 90 basis points for the full year. The fourth quarter margin declined as a result of higher expense growth driven by hiring to meet expected strong market demand as we build capacity for robust revenue growth. The full year margin increase reflects continued sustainable expense reduction efforts.
 Historically, HCB has had industry-leading margins, and we believe that trend will continue. HCB's overall market tailwinds should continue to drive organic growth momentum for HCB. Both our near-term and long-term outlook on the segment remain positive, and our expectations for revenue growth are unchanged from what we communicated at Investor Day, mid-single-digit growth.
 Now let's look at Corporate Risk & Broking, or CRB, which had a revenue increase of 1% on an organic and constant currency basis as compared to the prior year fourth quarter. For the full year of 2021, CRB revenue grew 5% organically. Our hiring levels are the highest in recent history, and colleague departure levels have decreased. North America's revenue was up by 4% in the fourth quarter, including gains recorded in connection with book of business sales and settlements. The book sales and settlements relate to producer departures occurring earlier in 2021.
 International's revenue increased 10% compared to prior year. There was strong performance in M&A in Asia and Australasia and natural resources in Eastern Europe. Latin America also contributed to International's revenue growth with new business wins in Brazil and Central America. Great Britain's revenue declined 5% as a result of lost business and timing. The decline reflects the delayed impact of disruption from earlier in 2021. Revenue for Western Europe was down 5% due to the departure of senior staff prior to the deal termination, which continue to pressure the business in certain geographies. Although earlier departures have hindered our growth for several quarters, we are seeing some positive momentum. New client wins include one of the largest commercial and retail banks in the region.
 CRB's operating margin was 31.2% for the fourth quarter compared to 32.3% in the prior year fourth quarter. On a full year basis, CRB's operating margin improved to 23.0% from 21.2% in the prior year. Excluding the impact of currency and the benefit of book and business sales and settlements, the margin declined 240 basis points for the fourth quarter, but increased by 80 basis points for the full year. The fourth quarter decline was mostly due to investments to support future growth.
 The full year margin expansion reflects the continuation of effective cost management. CRB's organic growth trailed industry expected averages for the last 3 quarters of '21 primarily as a result of elevated colleague departures and reduced hiring during the period when the business combination was pending, 2 trends that we believe are now behind us.
 Currently, we expect to see lower growth in the first half of 2022 compared to the second half of 2022 as the gap versus industry expected averages narrows. While events in previous quarters have challenged us and temporary headwinds from those events remain, our outlook for CRB remains positive with mid-single-digit revenue growth over the longer term.
 Turning to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance, or IRR. Revenue for the fourth quarter was $199 million, an increase of 32% on an organic basis and a decrease of 2% on a constant currency basis as compared to the prior year fourth quarter. IRR revenue includes a gain from a book of business settlement, which relates to reinsurance assets that did not transfer in connection with the sale of Willis Re.
 IRR excludes all other revenue associated with the Reinsurance line of business, which has been reported as discontinued operations. It also excludes revenue from Max Matthiessen, which was sold in September of 2020; and Miller, WTW's wholesale broking subsidiary sold in March of 2021. These sales account for the wide disparity between organic and constant currency.
 The Insurance Consulting and Technology, or ICT, business, where revenue was up 5%, led the segment's growth with increased demand for advisory work alongside technology sales. Our investment businesses grew revenue by 11% from new business, growth in delegated assets under management and, to a lesser extent, increased performance fees.
 IRR's operating margin was 25.3% for the fourth quarter compared to 12.5% in the prior year fourth quarter. On a full year basis, IRR's operating margin improved to 19.5% from 14.5% in the prior year. Excluding the impact of currency and the benefit of book of business settlements, the margin declined 240 basis points for the quarter, but increased by 220 basis points for the full year.
 The fourth quarter decline was primarily caused by the headwind created from divestitures. The prior year fourth quarter margin includes the contribution of the now divested Miller subsidiary, while the current year fourth quarter margin does not, which distorts comparability. Miller subsidiary was sold in March of 2021. The full year margin expansion was the result of careful cost management efforts, combined with strong top line growth from the 2 businesses that remain in IRR, ICT and investments.
 Turning to the Benefits Delivery & Administration segment, or BDA. Revenue increased by 5% on an organic and constant currency basis from the prior year fourth quarter. The growth in revenue was largely driven by Individual Marketplace due to a favorable shift in the revenue timing for our B2B Medicare exchange business, along with continued strength in our direct-to-consumer business. The Benefits Outsourcing business also contributed significantly to BDA's revenue growth with increased project work driven by temporary federal policy changes affecting group health care plans.
 BDA's operating margin was 49.2% in the fourth quarter and 22.4% for the full year, having declined year-over-year by 110 basis points and 150 basis points, respectively. The year-over-year margin decline for both the fourth quarter and the full year was the result of increased investing in resources for the 2022 annual enrollment period, coupled with headwinds on lead conversions. The BDA segment has posted 10% organic growth for 2 consecutive years, and we continue to feel positive about the momentum of this segment.
 Overall, our financial results for 2021 are in line with our expectations, reflecting the complexity of navigating a significant strategic shift along with some bright spots, highlighting our commitment to profitable growth. I'm pleased we effectively managed our cost and delivered margin expansion and adjusted EPS growth despite top line growth pressures.
 In closing, I want to reiterate my gratitude to our colleagues and also thank our clients and shareholders for their support. I believe the company is well positioned to capitalize on the opportunities that lie ahead. I look forward to reinvigorating growth and to successfully executing our transformation plan. I am confident the best is yet to come as we boldly look to lead and shape our industry going forward.
 And with that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew. 
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, Carl. Good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us. As expected, the fourth quarter performance faced headwinds from the delayed impact of disruptions from earlier in the year. They reflect the challenges we've previously identified and are actively working to address. To that end, we continue to push forward with our strategic goals as we finished up the year and made some early progress on our transformation efforts.
 In the fourth quarter, we incurred restructuring charges totaling $26 million. From the actions taken in 2021, we expect to have annualized savings of $20 million, primarily from the reduction of real estate costs, the benefits of which will be recognized in 2022. The $20 million gets us 2/3 of the way towards our $30 million annualized run rate savings goal for 2022.
 For the full year 2021, we generated profitable growth, increasing adjusted operating margin to 19.9% from 18% in the prior year. The adjusted operating margin expansion was comprised of 150 basis points of underlying growth stemming from financial discipline. This was coupled with around 100 basis points of growth from gains on book of business sales and settlements partially offset by around 60 basis point headwind from prior divestitures and FX.
 The expansion of our adjusted operating margin, despite top line growth pressures, highlights our dual commitments to growing profitably and focusing on cost management. As a result, we continue to expect margin improvement each year as we deliver on our 2024 margin goals.
 Now I'll turn to the overall detailed financial results. Income from operations for the fourth quarter was $687 million or 25.4% of revenue, up from the prior year fourth quarter income from operations of $579 million or 21.7% of revenue. Adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter was $868 million or 32.1% of revenue, up 170 basis points from $812 million or 30.4% of revenue in the prior year fourth quarter.
 For the fourth quarters of 2021 and 2020, our diluted EPS from continuing operations were $4.54 and $3.62, respectively. For the fourth quarter of 2021, our adjusted EPS was up 9% to $5.67 per share as compared to $5.19 per share in the prior year fourth quarter. Further, discontinued operations represented a $14.64 loss on a diluted EPS basis for the fourth quarter of 2021 and a $0.04 on diluted EPS basis for the fourth quarter of 2020. Total diluted EPS, including both continuing and discontinued operations, increased to $19.19 for the fourth quarter of 2021 compared to the prior year fourth quarter of $3.66.
 Foreign currency rate changes caused a decrease in our consolidated revenue of $19 million or 1% of revenue for the quarter compared to the prior year fourth quarter with a $0.06 headwind to adjusted diluted earnings per share this quarter.
 Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the fourth quarter was 20.8% versus 19.5% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 21.1%, up from the 17.6% rate in the prior year. The increase was due to the geographic distribution of profits.
 Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the fourth quarter with a strong capital and liquidity position with cash and cash equivalents of $4.7 billion and full capacity on our undrawn $1.5 billion revolving credit facility. WTW remains well positioned from a liquidity perspective. We continue to have significant financial flexibility, which allows us to invest in transforming the company's operations to unlock growth potential while simultaneously returning capital to shareholders.
 Free cash flow, which includes discontinued operations, was $1.9 billion in the year ended 2021 compared to $1.6 billion in the prior year. The increase in year-over-year free cash flow was due to the receipt of the termination fee, net of increased transaction and integration fees of $948 million. This was partially offset by net legal settlement payments of approximately $185 million for the previously announced Stanford and Willis Towers Watson merger settlements and higher compensation and benefit payments of approximately $250 million and $383 million in tax payments primarily related to the disposal of Willis Re. Absent these items, free cash flow would have been $1.8 billion, up 15% versus the prior year.
 I want to point out that we made some changes to our statement of cash flows to reflect new guidance on restricted cash presentation in FASB ASC 230. These changes consisted of revising the classification of WTW's fiduciary fund balances on a consolidated statement of cash flows for the last 3 years. These revisions had no impact to our cash flow from operating activities or free cash flow metrics.
 In terms of capital allocation, we paid $374 million in dividends for the year ended December 31, 2021, and repurchased 7.2 million shares for $1.6 billion. We remain committed to deploying excess capital and cash flow into share repurchases. As part of our Investor Day discussion, we communicated approximately $4 billion of near-term share repurchases and a willingness to fund further share repurchases using our free cash flow unless other investment opportunities with superior return potential arise.
 At current price levels, we believe that repurchasing WTW stock continues to be our highest return opportunity, and we have significant resources to capitalize upon that. With $1.6 billion completed in 2021 and another $1 billion completed through today, the pace of our share repurchases highlights the conviction we have in the future of WTW and the plans we laid out at Investor Day despite the current headwinds. We expect to conclude the remainder of the roughly $4 billion of repurchases as expeditiously as practical, depending on market conditions and other factors.
 At our Investor Day, we also announced our plans to streamline the structure of our organization by changing from 4 segments to 2 segments effective January 1, 2022. We are now operating under that new structure with just 2 segments: Risk and Broking and Health, Wealth and Career. Accordingly, going forward, our financial reports, supplemental disclosures and related commentary will reflect our new structure.
 Our 2021 financial results are a reflection of our resilience and our focus on strategic priorities. Although we have had near-term business challenges, we have undeniably strong assets, which gives me confidence in our ability to continue driving value for all our stakeholders. There is a lot of opportunity ahead, and we remain focused on executing our strategy and setting the path for sustainable success.
 And now I'll turn the call back to Carl. 
Carl A. Hess: Thanks, Andrew. And now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question will come from the line of Greg Peters from Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: I want to first focus in on the organic revenue results. And more importantly, I'm looking at your slide deck, Slide 11, where you talk about the expectation of delivering mid-single-digit organic revenue growth for '22, if I were to read the tea leaves, getting the most pushback on the results for last year, driven by the unusual book sales and other anomalies going through it. So Carl and Andrew, maybe you could give us a little bit more color on why you think you're going to be able to produce a mid-single-digit organic revenue result for the full year. And it certainly seems like the Risk and Broking will have some headwinds at least in the first half of the year. So some additional color there would be helpful. 
Carl A. Hess: Sure, Greg. And thank you. So a couple of points. I guess we're expecting, as we said, right, mid-single-digit organic revenue growth for the company. And though we're not giving segment level guidance on that, we are -- there are a few clarifying points I think we can make. We do think CRB is going to continue to gain traction throughout the year, right? I mean the events in prior quarters have challenged us, and there are definitely temporary headwinds from those events that remain. 
 We're highly confident in our hiring strategy. We've indicated before that hiring precedes revenue when it comes to people. And with that in mind, when we look at what's required, we think the broking business during the next 2 quarters will be building acceleration, and we'll be seeing the gap narrow with CRB peers in the second half of the year.
 And for the remaining 2/3 of the company, we think they'll perform at peer levels or better, right? The comments about CRB, which it is a major part of our business, does leave out the 2/3 or so of the rest of the company. And though we're not providing detail by segment, overall market tailwinds should continue to drive organic growth momentum in the HCB, soon to be former as we'll talk about, right, HCB and BDA businesses, where we have a terrific portfolio of related businesses, helping organizations and individuals in the most important areas of health, wealth and career. So yes, I think our strategy remains very much in line with the -- financial perspective that we outlined at our Investor Day in the fall. 
Charles Peters: Carl, in that answer, you highlighted hires. Maybe you could just give us some additional color on the hires versus what had transpired last year, which was a lot of departures. 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. So I'll focus in on CRB, and I think that's where a lot of the focus on the questions were from the prior quarter on that. So we are keeping a very close eye on those areas, and we acknowledge that we have a lot of work before us, but here are some things we can say about our view that things are going in the right direction. Our incentive plan activity regarding retention completed in Q4 was very well received, and we are very encouraged by what we can say.
 We've seen colleague departures trend downwards since Q3 in CRB. We do see that colleague departures, and we are closely monitoring this data, right, have been slowing down since Q3 for CRB. And that trend makes us optimistic we are heading in the right direction. And joiners are positive. As I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we've been hiring -- we've built an investment headroom to continue to execute on our hiring strategy into '22.
 In CRB, specifically in Q4, we had the highest net positive rate in terms of joiners, outnumbering levers amongst all of our segments. And then looking at the data that's just come out, January is our biggest hiring month in CRB over the last 2 years at all levels, including senior hires. 
Charles Peters: I guess the final question would be just as you're hiring -- bringing in new people, there's a lag between the time they hit the books and hit the P&L statement from an expense standpoint to the time they're actually producing and generating revenue. And depending on the situation, that lag can be up to over a year. So I guess what I'm ultimately getting at is you're making these investments and yet you're also forecasting adjusted margin expansion for the full year '22. So I'm just trying to reconcile the investment piece, which seems to be necessary, versus your expectation for adjusted margin improvement. 
Carl A. Hess: And we agree with the fact revenue trails hiring. And we've allowed for that in what we think of the timing of how this is going to work out, right? I mean we think that if we're successful, it's going to show in the financial results that's the path we're on, and that's one of the reasons we expect to see lower growth in CRB in the first half compared to the second half as the gap to industry narrows. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. And Greg, it's Andrew. And on the margin point, right, the margin expansion is for the entire company, right? And the revenue, I think, that you've been asking about and the investment hiring is particular to -- or more focused on one segment. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mike Zaremski from Wolfe Research. 
Michael Zaremski: Question on the HCB segment. Last quarter, I think this quarter, too, you talked about continued momentum expected there. I think revenue growth is a little bit light. Maybe you can talk through, maybe unpack. I know you called out some capacity constraints. And I see that you also called out Retirement being slightly negative. Are there any kind of onetime-ish items or anything we should be thinking about? 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. So let me start with Retirement, then we'll back up to the capacity issues and the other businesses. So our outlook for Retirement, which is a large business for us, right, is positive. I mean healthy pension funding positions as the result of interest and equity market movements during 2021 provide good opportunities for derisking and bulk lump sum work in North America. With respect to GB, right, which is a big business for us as well, right, the trend for risk transfer from company-sponsored pension schemes to the insurance sector is expected to continue. And our view is that 2022 is going to be a good year for derisking because of the healthy funding position I've already alluded to.
 It also depends on pricing. There's more activity when bulk annuity or longevity pricing is particularly good. And availability of assets that offer a decent yield and that insurers [ deal can back ] annuity, we'll also sort of get all that. 2021 saw about GBP 43 billion of bulk annuity and longevity swap transactions completed. We think that number is going to increase to exceed GBP 55 billion for 2022. That would be the biggest year ever. And we are well positioned to capture a significant share of this market increased activity.
 On the other hand, when you have an environment like this, we give less advice on funding issues because there's fewer funding issues to be had when pension schemes are well funded. And then we have some initiatives going. So our need to -- or work to address Guaranteed Minimum Pensions continued as does momentum for our LifeSight product we discussed in September at our OneDB offering.
 In North America, bulk lump sum activity has been more muted the last several years. And as a result of the activity we've had, there's probably less potential volume going forward. We do expect an increase in [ BOS ] activity over 2021. But this is really dependent on what happens with interest rates over the next few months. And so we will see. But there are definitely opportunities in the derisking marketplace where we have a very good position.
 With respect to some of the capacity constraints I was alluding to before, these are most pronounced in our Talent and Rewards business, which has a large share of project-oriented revenue, although we have a nice mix of revenue when it comes to things like comp surveys as well. We have, just as we have been for hiring in CRB, addressing the T&R hiring issue as well, and we think that will give us the opportunity to capture market as we go forward. 
Michael Zaremski: That's helpful. And maybe as my follow-up, switching gears to free cash flow levels. You broke out $250 million of incentives and benefit-related items negatively impacted free cash flow for the year. That kind of grew quarter-over-quarter. Are those items going to fall off in '22? And have you broken out the free cash flow impact of maybe onetime items related to the cost-cutting measures you're taking? 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. We do expect those numbers to abate going forward. And I think your -- the second part of your question was around the transformation spend. Is that correct? 
Michael Zaremski: Correct. If [ that will impact ] cash. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Yes, it will impact cash, and that's something that will be broken out as we continue to report on that program separately. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Michael Phillips from Morgan Stanley. 
Michael Phillips: Carl, I want to go back to, I guess, the first couple of questions on recruiting, if I could. On CRB, can you say how close you are today with kind of where you want to be, which is the absolute level of producers in that segment? 
Carl A. Hess: We've made good progress, but we continue to search for good talent around the world we think can be great fits for the organization and can help us grow. So to the extent we can find those, whether it's in one-offs or in bigger chunks, we're definitely on the look. So as I said, happy with the progress, but it is a journey. And part of this is getting us back to where we were, and part of this is sort of looking toward our growth ambitions for our company over the next several years. So we're definitely continuing to remain in the market, Mike. 
Michael Phillips: Okay. I mean kind of follow-up on that then, I guess, is recruiting efforts are difficult across the board in the industry. So you're not alone there. But it seems like it might be more difficult for a company that's going through some turmoil. So anything you can share on any premium you might have to pay? Are you paying 20%, 30%, 40% premium to get people in the door versus what you normally would have to pay? 
Carl A. Hess: I don't think that we pay any premium compared to what anybody else does. If anything, I think our new strategy is resonating with people in the market. They're actually excited about the fact that WTW is independent company with a very -- some very determined ambitions in the marketplace going forward. So the conversations we've been having with talent we're tempting have been very positive in nature. And we're delighted our clients and our carrier partners and the talent out there seems to be voting for the strength and viability of us as an employer of choice. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question goes back to some of your opening comments. You said the results aligned with your expectations. And it does seem -- I want to focus first on CRB. It does seem like the slowdown in revenue, right, got worse this quarter. So just realizing that, I guess, that was in line with your expectations. Could you help us think through your expectations from here? How do we think about the growth trending in the first half of the year relative to the 1% that I imagine was lower, right, when we ex out the book of business gains? Can you just help us think about extracting the growth within that segment? 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. So I mean the flip side of revenue increases lagging hiring, as we discussed a couple of questions ago, is that revenue decreases from people leaving, right, don't occur immediately either, right, due to the renewal cycle, et cetera. So it wasn't -- the numbers for the fourth quarter weren't a surprise to Andrew and me. In fact, I think we discussed where we thought they were going to be for the company. And I think we definitely had our fingers on the pulse, and we think we've got our figures on the pulse going forward as well in terms of the fact that the people we've been bringing in over the past few months will indeed take some time to ramp up.
 We've built that into how we view our financial model going forward. And we think we can continue to grow this business while maintaining our path on margins to get to our 2024 targets, right? We are trying to balance a set of competing objectives, and we very much have all those objectives in mind as we look how to build the business. 
Elyse Greenspan: And then in terms of the book of business gains, I calculated that was probably around 2.5% on revenue in the quarter. If you can confirm that, assuming that it's all 100% margin. And then my second question would be, when you guys say mid-single digit or greater organic for 2022, does that assume any further gains on book of business? 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Sure. So your math on the revenue calculation is about right. And in terms of expectations around book of business sales, I think, was your second question? 
Elyse Greenspan: Yes. 
Andrew Krasner: Is that right, Elyse? Sorry, yes. Yes. So we expect to be, over time, reverting to more normalized levels. And if you look back over the last couple of years, you can what that looks like. We don't anticipate or expect anything near the level from 2021. 
Elyse Greenspan: And then just on pension income for 2022, I know you gave us a year-over-year decline. But what's the overall [ pension income ] that you guys expect [ for ] '22? 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I don't think we're going to get into that level of granularity on the direction -- on the quantum of changes in the pension income. [indiscernible] $20 million -- sorry? 
Operator: Go ahead. 
Andrew Krasner: Sorry, I was just referring, Elyse, to Slide 11, which talks about the $20 million year-over-year decline in pension and noncash pension income for 2022. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question will be from the line of Paul Newsome from Piper Sandler. 
Jon Paul Newsome: Just want to go one very quick and maybe a real question. The follow-up to Elyse, the book of business settlements, is that pure profit? Is there any related expenses? And I just want to see if you had any updated view on the debt structure perspective, given how much stock you're probably going to be repurchasing. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. So I think the first part of your question was around the book of business margin. Essentially, yes. There are some expenses that do get put against that, but it is relatively high margin. And your second question was on debt structure and share repurchases? 
Carl A. Hess: In the line of the share... 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Yes. So in terms of leverage, right, I think we're very comfortable with where we are. It's in line with the discussions we've had with the rating agencies, and we think it allows us to maintain appropriate financial flexibility to be advantaged -- to be able to take advantage of anything that may come our way, whether it's share repurchases or something strategic. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of David Motemaden from Evercore ISI. 
David Motemaden: Carl, I had a follow-up just on headcount. I think in the last quarter, you talked about the core CRB headcount was down 100 people, 3Q '21 versus 3Q '20. What was that in the fourth quarter? And I guess, how has that been trending in the first half -- or first part of the first quarter this year? 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. So for the fourth quarter, joiners exceeded levers by a decent margin. So headcount is now up. And as I alluded to in January, right, it's our best hiring in quite a while, a couple of years, right? So we're making back for lost time and opportunity, I think, in terms of the overall headcount. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Ryan Tunis from Autonomous Research. 
Ryan Tunis: One on BDA. Growth was a little slower than expected there. This quarter, TRANZACT was only up about 2%, 3%. Is -- do you think that the structural growth rate of that business has changed at all as we approach 2022? And just curious if you could talk to some of the trends you're seeing. 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. I mean this -- the overall market TRANZACT operates in is big and keeps increasing as people keep turning 65. So we're very happy about the overall market and TRANZACT's ability to expand within it. If you look at our performance during 2021, there are -- it's lower than we're used to seeing, but we're still really just excited about TRANZACT's prospects. I mean if you take a step back and look at TRANZACT on a full year basis, $661 million of revenue and 17% organic growth. And if you look at our original projections we've supplied when TRANZACT first joined WTW, their current revenue figures are a full year ahead of what we anticipated. And by no means does a growth with light performance in Q4 change that.
 To speak to Q4 specifically, it is true that it was a lower quarter than we anticipated, and this was largely due to some advertising and programs generating lower leads and diversions than planned. Obviously, these are investments that were made and since we didn't realize the results that we're expecting, it did impact the bottom line and the margin.
 As we head into 2022, the team has conducted a review, and we're implementing strategies across all our carrier partners to improve member experience, which will help maintain membership. And therefore, we continue to remain confident in TRANZACT and do have high expectations for this business. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Hughes from Truist. 
Mark Hughes: Sticking with the TRANZACT, anything that you saw in terms of lapse rates, just turnover in terms of your customer base? 
Andrew Krasner: I think everything that we saw in that business -- yes. It's Andrew. Sorry. I think everything that we saw in that business was consistent with our expectations and nothing there that was a real outlier. But of course, it's something that we always keep an eye on as we watch the book develop. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Yaron Kinar from Jefferies. 
Yaron Kinar: My first question is around the comp and benefit ratio, which improved about 400 basis points year-over-year. Can you maybe talk about the main drivers for that improvement and how you see that ratio develop into '22 as the hires come in? 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I think part of the trend that you're seeing there in comp and ben might be related to the impact of some attrition, right, and colleague retention over time. And I think the other thing we point out is just the mix of pay that we have with regard to discretionary compensation, right, provides us with the appropriate tools to make sure that employees and everybody else are compensated along with the firm performance. 
Operator: Your next question will come from the line of Meyer Shields from KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Two quick ones, if I can. First, Carl, I appreciate all of the disclosure you've given us on the book sales and settlements. If I take Andrew's comments about 100 basis point impact for the full year, that implies about $113 million. What's the normal run rate? In other words, what do you budget for that for a typical year? 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I won't get into the specifics around budgeting, but if you go back and take a look over recent history and go back a couple of years or quarters, you can see some of that in the disaggregation of revenue footnotes that are provided. More normalized levels are significantly less than what we experienced in 2021. 
Carl A. Hess: We think that the retention measures we've put in should be effective in getting us to those normalized levels. 
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. 
Brian Meredith: Carl, just quickly here. I'm just curious, how are you balancing the cost saves that are going through versus the need for you guys to really invest in your business, particularly CRB, not only hiring but investing its organic growth going? And then also what impact is wage inflation potentially going to have on kind of offsetting maybe some of those cost savings? 
Carl A. Hess: All right. So with respect to wage inflation, right, I mean, we have built a compensation program that is a bit more weighted towards variable than others. And I think that does help us with being able to manage this effectively as a business. I'd also point to -- one of the pillars of our program is capitalizing our scale to move back-office work to centers of excellence that we think will improve client and colleague experience and outcomes, but should also allow for relief on the cost pressures that we might have in an inflationary market. So there's a good deal of alignment, I think, between the transformation strategy and our ability to respond flexibility of business to inflationary pressures. 
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Mark Marcon from Baird. 
Mark Marcon: With regards to just the comp and benefits, can you just discuss how we should think about that on a more normalized basis? Obviously, the last half of 2021 was impacted by the departures. If you're implementing the plan and assuming that variable compensation is roughly in line with your revenue expectations for the year, how should we think about that comp and benefits number trending over the year and what sort of leverage or deleverage we would end up getting on that particular line? And then my follow-up is basically just a general commentary with regards to engagement scores as they progress through the year and how you think they're -- they'll end up 6 months to a year from now. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. It's Andrew. I'll start with the compensation question. I think what we expect is compensation percentages to return towards more historical levels. So I think if you go back and look at that, right, sort of pre the last 2 years, you'll get a good picture. And of course, as hiring continues, right, from an absolute dollar perspective, there would be some impact there. But from a percentage perspective, would expect that to remain relatively consistent.
 And the other thing to just think about here is the prior year was on an as-reported basis and inclusive of some divestitures like Miller and Innovisk and some other things. And also the current year has lower FX rates and some timing on accrual and certain discretionary compensation and benefit expenses in there as well. 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. With respect to engagement, we actually ran a all-colleague survey at the -- during the fourth quarter. And the results we got actually show engagement is up over the last couple of times we measured it with 2 years and 4 years ago, which is, I think, a great result to the dedication of our colleagues to the success of WTW going forward. We do this for a living with our clients, and so we try to apply the lessons of what we learn to ourselves as well. And so we'll continue to monitor this across the organization. But we think we understand what creates sustainable engagement with our colleagues and makes this a great place to work. And we'll be looking to demonstrate that not just to the people we have today, but the people we're looking to bring on board as well. 
Operator: Follow-up from the line of David Motemaden from Evercore ISI. 
David Motemaden: I guess if I sort of back into it, it looks like the book of business settlements for the full year were about $90 million to $100 million for full year of '21. Is that a good level to think about the future lost revenue? I guess some of that might have been -- is already reflected in results. But is that sort of a good baseline as I think about the drag that, that may result in as we head throughout 2022? 
Andrew Krasner: No. It's Andrew. I think the book of business settlements, right, are typically a multiple, right, of the revenue amount, right? So I think if you were... 
Carl A. Hess: Multiple exceeds 1, by margins. 
Andrew Krasner: Right. Right. Right. So I think you'd have to temper that back a bit by thinking about what industry transaction multiples look like on a revenue basis. 
Operator: And we have another follow-up from the line of Yaron Kinar from Jefferies. 
Yaron Kinar: I was cut off earlier. My second question was going to be around the commentary around timing of the revenue gap being closed to peers. I just want to better understand how 2022 is a year where you can close that gap when some of your peers -- large peers have also been engaged in prolific hiring over the last several quarters and to your earlier point, you still see a bit of a lag from revenue perspective from earlier departures. So can you maybe explain how even with those issues, you can still close that gap? 
Carl A. Hess: Well, we said narrow. I mean, to be clear, I said we'll narrow that gap. We see -- we will continue to see that gap narrow as well, right. We think we remain an attractive destination for talent, and we think we can hire along with the industry as we continue to get ourselves back to where we need to be. So that should, in a steady-state environment, get us to be approaching where we think the industry can be. 
Operator: And our next follow-up will be from the line of Meyer Shields from KBW. 
Meyer Shields: I was just hoping to get the impact of foreign exchange on fourth quarter EPS and margins. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Give me one sec. So in fourth quarter, FX was a headwind of about $19 million on revenue. So about $0.06 on adjusted EPS. The main component of that was the weakness of the dollar against the euro. 
Carl A. Hess: So I would like to thank everyone for joining us this morning. We look forward to updating you on our first quarter earnings call in the spring. 
Operator: And this will conclude today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-10-28 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to the willistowerswatson.com for the press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next 3 months on Willis Towers Watson's website.  
 Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statements sections of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in the most recent Form 10-K and other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings.  
 During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. For reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures as well as the other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website.  
 I will now turn the call over to John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead. 
John Haley: Thanks very much. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us for our third quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining me today are Andrew Krasner, our Chief Financial Officer; and Carl Hess, our President and our future Chief Executive Officer.  
 Today's call will be my last earnings call as CEO of this great company. Willis Towers Watson looks remarkably different than it did 22 years ago when I first started as CEO of Watson Wyatt and even more so than when I started at the Wyatt Company 44 years ago. It's been an amazing journey, and it underscores the resilience of this extraordinary organization. The combination of our exceptional people and strong value has enabled this company to reinvent itself and to continually evolve. Our history has been defined by constant innovation and change. Together, we forged the legacy of quality service and solutions with strong client relationships and have built a Willis Towers Watson culture of resilience, inclusion and client focus.  
 I'm proud of what we have achieved, and I feel fortunate to have had the opportunity to take the company this far with all of you. At the end of this year, I'll officially pass the baton to Carl Hess. Now is a time of reinvigoration for Willis Towers Watson. Carl is a great leader, focused on driving results and accountability by engaging colleagues. He has a wealth of knowledge and experience, and he has the skills to best lead the company during this transformative time. I have every confidence that Carl will be successfully creating a new way forward and leading Willis Towers Watson and our top talent to an even brighter future.  
 As we bring our new leadership team into place, we're also building One Willis Towers Watson. One WTW is about working across businesses, geographies and functions to achieve more and to be better. We're starting from a position of strength and recognize our potential. We're executing on our plan. We're focused on a bold new vision to be the best company in the business. We plan to drive change through new priorities to grow, simplify and transform. We'll grow by investing in talent, by capturing market share, by innovating, by expediting capabilities in evolving markets and by bringing curated solutions to clients.  
 We'll simplify by delivering more efficiently through technology and through standardization. For example, we've already begun by developing a plan to streamline to 2 business segments and 3 geographies at the beginning of 2022 and appointing a new global leadership team. We'll transform colleague and client experiences by streamlining our infrastructure, by fortifying our operations and by evaluating our real estate needs. While there's no doubt work ahead of us, we have confidence in our plan, One WTW, and most importantly, in our colleagues.  
 As we continue to look ahead, I'm especially excited about the industry-leading work we've done and will continue to do in addressing climate risk. We recently launched climate transition pathways, an accreditation framework that provides insurance companies and financial institutions with a consistent approach to identifying which organizations have robust transition plans, transition plans that are aligned to the Paris Agreement. And it supports the role as stewards and transition to a low-carbon economy.  
 We also partnered with Contigo to launch an innovative family of climate transition indices, driven by a next-generation methodology that directly quantifies the impact of the Paris-aligned climate transition on equity valuations.  
 We intend to continue this momentum. Next week, we'll probably participate in the 26th United Nations Climate Change Conference of the Parties, or COP26. COP26 will bring together world leaders, government representatives, businesses and citizens to collaborate on how to tackle the many facets of climate change and plan for action.  
 Now let's move to our third quarter results. Please note that all metrics referenced are on a continuing operations basis, except where specifically stated otherwise. Reported revenue for the third quarter was $2 billion, up 4% as compared to the prior year third quarter, up 3% on a constant currency basis and up 7% on an organic basis.  
 Net income, which includes discontinued operations, was $919 million, up 672% for the third quarter as compared to $119 million of net income in the prior year third quarter. It should be noted that GAAP profitability measures include the $1 billion in proceeds received in connection with the termination of the proposed business combination with Aon.  
 Adjusted EBITDA was $427 million or 21.6% of revenue for the third quarter as compared to $372 million or 19.6% of revenue for the same period last year, representing a 15% increase on an adjusted EBITDA dollar basis and 200 basis points of margin improvement.  
 For the quarter, diluted earnings per share, which include discontinued operations, were $6.99, an increase of 140% as compared to the prior year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.73 for the third quarter, reflecting an increase of 32% compared to $1.31 in the prior year. Overall, it was a strong quarter. We grew revenue. We enhanced margin, and we increased earnings per share.  
 Now let's look at each of the segments in some more detail. To provide clear comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. Segment margins are calculated using segment revenue and exclude unallocated corporate costs, such as amortization of intangibles, certain transaction and integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions as well as other items, which we consider noncore to our operating results. The segment results do include discretionary compensation.  
 The Human Capital & Benefits or HCB segment revenue was up 6% on an organic basis and 5% on a constant currency basis compared to the third quarter of the prior year. This result represented sequential revenue improvement compared to our prior quarter, which was driven by continued increased demand for advisory services.  
 Talent and Rewards revenue increased 22%, driven by strong market demand for broad-based rewards advisory work, coupled with talent and compensation products inclusive of compensation surveys, hiring assessments and employee listing and engagement offerings.  
 Our Health and Benefits revenue increased 5% for the quarter. We continue to grow revenue from advisory work in North America, driven by U.S. legislative changes and strategic benefit reviews. Revenue also grew outside of North America as a result of global benefit management and local brokerage appointments.  
 Retirement revenue was flat compared to the prior year, with funding and guaranteed minimum pension equalization work in Great Britain, offset by declines in North America as less favorable market conditions for derisking work drove lower demand for bulk lump sum work.  
 Technology and Administration Solutions revenue grew 9%, primarily due to increased project work and new business activity in Great Britain. 
 HCB's operating margin increased by 210 basis points compared to the prior year third quarter as a result of continued sustainable expense reduction efforts. We're pleased with HCB's sequential improvement and with their margin growth. Historically, HCB has had industry-leading margins, and we believe that trend will continue. HCB's talent base remains stable, and overall market tailwinds should continue to drive organic growth momentum for HCB. Both our near-term and long-term outlook on HCB remain positive.  
 Now let's look at Corporate Risk & Broking, or CRB, which had a revenue increase of 6% on an organic and constant currency basis as compared to the prior year third quarter. North America's revenue was up by 12% in the third quarter, driven by new business, particularly in M&A, FINEX, Construction and Aerospace lines. International and Great Britain's revenues increased 4% and 2%, respectively, for the third quarter. The revenue increases were primarily driven by growth in the retail and FINEX insurance lines.  
 Revenue for Western Europe was up nominally due to growth in Poland and Sweden being largely offset by the departure of senior staff, which pressured business in certain geographies. CRB's revenue was $697 million for the quarter, with an operating margin of 16.3% compared to $647 million of revenue with an operating margin of 12.5% in the prior year third quarter. The 380 basis point margin improvement mainly reflects the continuation of effective cost containment and, to a lesser degree, the benefit of gains from book of business sales and settlements.  
 From time to time, colleagues who manage client relationships leave the company. When we lose colleagues such as those, it may result in them joining competitors. The impact of this on revenue may be delayed. This dynamic, which was most pronounced in our Corporate Risk & Broking segment in the second and third quarters of 2021, has caused CRB's organic growth to trail industry expected averages so far in 2021, and we expect the gap to narrow by the end of the first half of 2022.  
 During the third quarter, we focused on stemming attrition and hiring health. On a net basis, core CRB headcount is down about 100 colleagues or just under 1% as compared to the third quarter of last year. We have executed on our incentive plans, which provide both short-term and long-term retention benefits, and we believe attrition rates have already peaked for CRB. So while we may have some transitory headwinds ahead of us, we expect that the worst of the business disruption is behind us, and our longer-term outlook for CRB remains positive.
 Now turning to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance, or IRR. Revenue for the third quarter was $172 million, an increase of 10% on an organic basis and a decrease of 24% on a constant currency basis as compared to the prior year third quarter. IRR revenue excludes the reinsurance line of business, which has been reported as discontinued operations. It also excludes revenue from Max Matthiessen, which was sold in September of 2020; and Miller, IRR's wholesale broking subsidiary, which was sold in March of 2021.  
 The Insurance Consulting and Technology business, with revenue growth of 18%, led the segment's growth, with increased demand for advisory work alongside technology sales. The Investment business grew by 6% from performance-based new business and growth in delegated assets under management. IRR had an operating margin of 12.9%, up 360 basis points as compared to 9.3% for the prior year third quarter. The strong margin expansion was a result of careful cost containment efforts, coupled with solid top line growth.  
 Revenue for the Benefits Delivery & Administration, or BDA, segment, increased by 7% on an organic basis and constant currency basis from the prior year third quarter. The growth in revenue was largely driven by Individual Marketplace, primarily by TRANZACT, which contributed $111 million to BDA's top line this quarter, with growth in Medicare Advantage and Life products.  
 The Benefits Outsourcing business also contributed to the increase in revenue, which was largely driven by its expanded client base.  
 The BDA segment had revenue of $242 million, with a minus 7.9% operating margin as compared to revenue of $226 million and an operating margin of minus 5.3% in the prior year third quarter. The margin decline was largely due to our increase in sales capacity ahead of the 2022 annual enrollment period, which will usher in expansion opportunities for both our Individual Marketplace and Benefits Outsourcing lines of business. We continue to feel positive about the momentum of our BDA business going into the fourth quarter, which is our seasonally strongest quarter.  
 So in conclusion, overall, I'm very pleased with our results this quarter. We delivered strong overall financial performance with top line growth, margin expansion and EPS growth, all while undergoing a massive shift in our go-forward strategy. In closing, I'd like to express my deepest gratitude to our colleagues, our clients and our shareholders for their trust in Willis Towers Watson and for the opportunity to be CEO of this extraordinary organization. I believe the company is well positioned to meet the opportunities and challenges that lie ahead, and it's been a privilege to serve you.  
 Now I'll turn the call over to Andrew. 
Andrew Krasner: Thanks, John. We all wish you the best in your retirement at the end of the year. Good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us.  
 First, I'd like to extend my appreciation to all of our colleagues. We have asked a lot of our teams, and our colleagues continue to pull together and deliver. I'm proud of all the work they have done to continue supporting our clients, each other and the communities in which we work and live.  
 As John noted, we continue to make progress in the third quarter, highlighted by another quarter of strong organic revenue growth, continued operational improvement and effective capital management. We are reassured by the continued improved demand for our discretionary services and solutions and by our ability to generate profitable growth.  
 Moreover, we feel we are well positioned to execute on the long-term goals we announced during the Investor Day meeting that we hosted last month. We are excited about the early progress we are making with our transformation efforts. The investments we're making to transform our operations will create better scalability, more flexibility and enhanced colleague and client experience. Through streamlining global platforms, right-shoring operations, rationalizing real estate and modernizing IT, we expect to deliver $300 million in expected cost reductions and contribute 300 basis points of margin improvement toward our fiscal year 2024 adjusted operating margin target of 24% to 25%.  
 Now I'll turn to the overall detailed financial results. As a reminder, you can see the detailed quarterly continuing operations results for 2020 and 2021 year-to-date on Page 9 of the supplemental materials.  
 Income from continuing operations for the third quarter, which included the $1 billion termination fee, was $1.1 billion or 57.3% of revenue, up from the prior year third quarter income from operations of $66 million or 3.5% of revenue. Adjusted operating income for the third quarter was $264 million or 13.4% of revenue, up 120 basis points from $231 million or 12.2% of revenue in the prior year third quarter.  
 For the third quarters of 2021 and 2020, our diluted EPS from continuing operations were $7.8 and $0.91 respectively, and that 2021 figure includes the $1 billion termination fee. 
 For the third quarter of 2021, our adjusted EPS was up 32% to $1.73 per share as compared to $1.31 per share in the prior year third quarter. Further, discontinued operations represented a $0.09 loss on a diluted EPS basis for the third quarter of 2021 and $0.02 of diluted EPS basis for the third quarter of 2020. Total diluted EPS, including both continued and discontinued operations, increased to $6.99 for the third quarter of 2021 compared to the prior year third quarter of $0.93.  
 Foreign currency rate changes caused an increase in our consolidated revenue of $27 million or 1% of revenue for the quarter compared to the prior year third quarter, with negative $0.01 headwind to adjusted diluted earnings per share this quarter.  
 Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the third quarter was 22.5% versus 26.6% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 23.3%, down from 29.3% in the prior year, which was elevated due to the unfavorable impact of nonrecurring discrete items.  
 Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the third quarter with a strong capital and liquidity position, with cash and cash equivalents of $2.2 billion and full capacity on our undrawn $1.5 billion revolving credit facility. We also successfully reduced our leverage profile by repaying $450 million of bonds outstanding during the quarter.  
 Willis Towers Watson remains well positioned from a liquidity perspective. We aim to continue to maintain a strong and durable balance sheet and believe we have significant financial flexibility. 
 Free cash flow, which includes discontinued operations, was $1.7 billion in the first 9 months of 2021 compared to $1 billion in the same period of the prior year. The increase in year-over-year free cash flow was due to the receipt of the termination fee, net of increased transaction and integration fees of $942 million. This was partially offset by net legal settlement payments of approximately $185 million for the previously announced Stanford and Willis Towers Watson merger settlements and higher incentive compensation of approximately $189 million. Absent these items, free cash flow would have been $1.2 billion or up 17.3% versus the prior year. 
 In terms of capital allocation, we paid $275 million in dividends for the 9 months ended September 30 and repurchased 4.5 million shares for $1 billion. At our recent Investor Day, we communicated that we expect to generate $10 billion to $11 billion of cash through 2024. We remain committed to deploying net capital into share repurchases to capitalize on short-term price weakness. At current price levels, Willis Towers Watson stock continues to be our highest return opportunity, and we have significant resources to capitalize upon that. 
 As part of our Investor Day discussion, we communicated approximately $4 billion of near-term share repurchase activity. With the first $1 billion completed, we will commence repurchases with the remaining component of that in 2021 and expect to conclude that during 2022. 
 Looking ahead to the fourth quarter and full year, we recognize that the company's recent strategic shifts, alongside unique macroeconomic factors, have created complexity in setting expectations for our performance for the year. This year, our core performance metrics have been clouded by discontinued operations reporting a onetime $1 billion termination fee, divestitures and a still evolving economic recovery. So we would like to clarify and say that for the full year 2021, we expect to produce around 6% organic revenue growth and an adjusted operating margin of 19.5%, 20% on a continuing operations basis. We expect this to be the new baseline to begin the path to our fiscal year-end 2024 goal of 24% to 25% adjusted operating margin. 
 Please note that the 2021 margin guide includes the negative impact of stranded costs from the sale of Willis Re, which we intend to rightsize during the period in which we received cost relief under a transition services agreement. Going forward, we prefer to keep the focus on long-term value drivers of the business and will not continue providing quarterly or annual guidance. 
 We are very pleased with these third quarter results, and they are a direct reflection of our resilience and our focus on strategic priorities. We have strong momentum, solid financial results, a robust balance sheet and an excellent team, which gives me confidence in our ability to continue driving value for all our stakeholders. As I think about our future, I'm excited to continue to work with Carl and the rest of the leadership team to drive the company forward and explore the opportunities ahead. I have confidence in our leadership team, Willis Towers Watson's talented colleagues and in our strong culture. 
 And now I'll turn the call back to John. 
John Haley: Thanks very much, Andrew. And as I mentioned at the beginning of the call, we have Carl Hess on the line with us also. We anticipate that most of your questions are going to be about what our results need for the future. And so while I may chime in from time to time, Carl and Andrew are going to be answering the vast bulk of the questions. So let's turn to your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is just on the organic guide and also the view for CRB. So you guys put out a 2021 guide of 6% organic, which would imply 6% in the fourth quarter, given the year-to-date was 6%. So I just want to make sure that, that thinking is correct. 
 And then the second question, within CRB, you alluded to an impact from departures having peaked, but you did say that growth there could be compressed through the first half of next year. So should we think that CRB could, as a segment, remain kind of within that 6% organic for the next 3 quarters? 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Elyse. This is Andrew. So I'll take the first part of your question around organic growth for the rest of the year. I think you're thinking about that properly in terms of where we would expect Q4 to align relative to our stated guidance of 6% for the full year. 
Carl A. Hess: And this is Carl, Elyse. With respect to sort of the outlook for CRB on the revenue side, we have seen a mitigation of the departures we talked about at Analyst Day, and we're getting back on the front foot with respect to hiring. There have been some encouraging trends in the business as we look toward new hires, less terminations where we've actually in Q3 now seen hiring exceeding terminations for the organization. As we know that hiring precedes revenue when it comes to people, but that will help us going into '22 and forward. 
 We look -- new business results for CRB have remained strong and are up on last year, thanks to a strong client and sales management discipline and I think a validation of our global light of business model. While we have seen some revenue gains that are through book sales that have impacted the business, those are a continuation of last year. It's on a new phenomenon. And in general, it leads us to thinking that our CRB is going to continue to grow, but probably be at the lower end of the industry averages through the first half of 2022. 
Elyse Greenspan: And then John had said that you guys are down 100 colleagues within CRB this Q3 versus last Q3. What was the peak, I guess, if you were going to look at the peak over the past couple of quarters, what would that number have been when it was kind of the worst of the departures just so we can get a sense of like the hiring back that you guys have done? 
Andrew Krasner: So I mean the -- I think it's hard to pin down, but what we've seen is Q3 departures are lower than Q2 departures. So we think we're past the peak on that. And the other side of that, hiring was very low during the period of the business combination, what was out there. That has resumed with a vengeance, not just hire we've already made but the hire we continue to plan to do. So our open recs are well open -- well increased from where they were a year ago at this time. 
Elyse Greenspan: And one last one. There was good margin improvement in the quarter and in the guide for the full year as well. Is there -- are margins been inflated by the level of departures and the lab with hiring, meaning is that a headwind to next year's margin? Or do you think once the revenue growth gets back on track with the industry that, that will kind of offset any expense impact from hiring? 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. I mean I think what we're willing to say about the margin is that we're very happy with the margin improvement that we've seen through the first 3 quarters. We remain positive about our margin outlook. We do expect to deliver margin improvement in Q4. But we do expect sort of, as business activity continues to ramp up, that there will be some slowing of the rate of margin improvement. 
Operator: Next question, we have Mark Marcon. 
Mark Marcon: First, John, congratulations on a stellar career. It's been a pleasure working with you over the decades. Wondering if you can talk a little bit about the -- just kind of the pace of the margin expansion as you progress from this year to your longer-term '24 targets. How should investors just kind of think about that sort of pacing? How much of it is going to be back-end loaded just in terms of framing appropriate expectations as we start focusing on next year and the following year? 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. I saw -- Mark, it's Carl. I think 2 parts to that, right? There's the margin improvement we get -- expect to get through operating leverage in the business, which I think we would say should be relatively constant through the period, maybe some short-term headwinds looking into the first half of '22 as we've already identified, but no reason that shouldn't be relatively steady phenomenon throughout that period. 
 Then there's the effect of the transformation program that we started to lay out at Analyst Day. And we do think, like many transformation programs, right, the costs tend to be front loaded and the rewards a bit backloaded. 
Mark Marcon: Got it. And so it would be reasonable to assume that first half of next year, probably margins are going to be a little bit on the tepid side. And as we go out and for the full year, probably not a lot of improvement. And then the bulk of the improvement really more in the '23, '24, back half of '23 and going into '24. Is that fair? 
Andrew Krasner: I think what we'd say about margins in the future is that we'd refer to the Investor Day materials and that we're targeting the 24% to 25% by the end of fiscal '24. 
Mark Marcon: Okay. Great. And then with regards to CRB, just in terms of the departures that have already occurred, how would you characterize the revenue impact that is going to occur in the future with regards to that group? 
Carl A. Hess: I think I'd point out that sort of book sales, right, which impact the cost side, I think, obviously, revenue multiples on book sales vary, but with a pretty well-known range, right? I mean book sales make up less than 1% of the revenue we're talking about. So you can take your multiples on that, but I don't think the answer in a macro level isn't significant for the enterprise. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And then which part of the business are you the most excited about within HCB at this point in terms of future growth? 
Carl A. Hess: Well, so for the current HCB, right, we identified at Investor Day that we think our Health and Benefits business is one where we see significant opportunity, both from a scope perspective and a scale perspective in terms of what we can do for the enterprise. That being said, we think all our HCB businesses are valuable contributors to the portfolio. We've got a market-leading retirement business. Our Talent and Reward business has had a phenomenal rebound last year, and there's great demand for its services and we think has a lot of prominence in what we do and helps us with all our buyer hubs with respect to human capital benefits. And we've got a very, very strong technology administration services business that continues to gain market share. So there's a lot to like across that entire portfolio. 
Operator: Next question, we have Mike Zaremski with Wolfe Research. 
Michael Zaremski: Follow-up on the margin guidance, and thanks for all the good color. Specifically, if I understand correctly, you're saying that the near-term margin guidance includes a negative impact from the stranded costs. So are we going to be able to kind of quantify those stranded costs and kind of know how to back them out? Or I'm assuming they were contemplated in the long-term margin kind of guidance that you guys have laid out. I just want to understand how material that is and if it's something that we should be thinking about as we think through our numbers. 
Andrew Krasner: Sure. That's not something we're going to quantify right now, but as you alluded to, is absolutely contemplated in the longer-term guidance of 24% to 25%. 
Michael Zaremski: Okay. Got it. And maybe sticking with some of the $750 million of cost. I guess will -- I know in the distant past, there's -- rating agencies have looked at -- have not kind of excluded some of those charges. I'm curious if those charges will be included in the kind of the rating agency governors on how they calculate leverage when we think about buybacks potential. 
 And then also as related to the cost program, it looks like a lot of the -- you'll be shedding a lot of your leases if you look at the 10-K. So I just want to be clear. It seems like Willis is directionally moving towards more of a remote work flexibility environment versus peers. I just wanted to see if any -- if that's the right way to think about things. 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. On the first part of your question, we don't expect there to be any impact from the restructuring efforts on our ability to repurchase shares. As to the specific rating agency calculations, that may be a question for them about how they're going to treat that. But again, we don't expect that to be a headwind for any of our share repurchase activities or capital allocation plans. I'll ask Carl to chime in on the real estate point. 
Carl A. Hess: I think we've had 45,000 colleagues that have adapted marvelously to the new ways of working that we were afforded voluntarily or not as a result of COVID. We have come through, not just ably but in a stellar fashion with respect to how we're able to team up with each other and serve our clients. And the lessons we've learned with respect to how we can employ technology to continue to collaborate and have excellent client service, we're taking those lessons, and we will be implementing those in our real estate portfolio, as you correctly identified. We're going to turn our real estate footprint into collaboration space rather than come to the office space. 
Operator: Next, we have Mark Hughes with Truist. 
Mark Hughes: Congratulations, John. In the HCB space, the great resignation here, how long do you think this momentum could last? You talked about a sharp recovery turnaround. Do clients expect these tight labor market conditions to persist? How do you see it playing out? 
John Haley: Could you clarify? I'm not sure you're talking about our workforce or our clients' workforce and the demand for our services. 
Mark Hughes: Yes. Talking about your clients' workforce and their demand for your services. Just what are you hearing from your clients about how long they think this will persist. And then obviously, that impacts your revenue opportunity, so just some perspective on the durability of this upswing. 
John Haley: Yes. So I mean there's no question that our demand for talent and rewards has been driven by strong demand for work that includes tightening labor markets, and that affects our compensation survey business, hiring assessments, employee engagement work. All of these have seen strong demand because of that. We anticipate that to continue, given labor markets continue to be quite tight. And we are making sure that we're adequately resourced to be able to meet that demand across the organization. 
 We don't think that some -- there's a combination of both short-term and near-term economic effects that are going to affect this. You tell us when vaccination rates globally are to a point where supply chains are undisrupted, and we'll give you some insight into what that means for some of the global talent markets. But certainly, we think this is a good tailwind for our business, and we're doing our best to maximize the value we can bring across the portfolio to us. 
Mark Hughes: Fair enough. And then the -- in CRB, what was the North American organic? What were those regional numbers you gave, I think, North American, international and Great Britain? 
Andrew Krasner: We're getting that. Just a second. Yes, so North America revenue was up 12%. 
John Haley: International, 4%; Great Britain, 2%; Western Europe, basically flat, up nominally. 
Mark Hughes: Great. And then one final question. I think you had talked last quarter about the equalization work, the pension equalization work in Great Britain that there was visibility for that to be strong in next year, perhaps. Is that still the case? 
John Haley: Yes. We do think that we'll be seeing higher levels of work related to equalization and expect additional work from schemes that are better funded. And of course, the markets have been kind to pension schemes globally this year. That's remained to be true, as we said it after Analyst Day. 
Operator: Next, we have Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. 
Jon Paul Newsome: Just a little bit of a follow-up on the wage inflation question. Are you seeing in your business globally some of these concerns that it's just getting more costly to hire people or keep people broadly? And I guess, just leading with that, is that something that you need to manage through or seeing it any place? 
John Haley: So we're on the market for new talent across the organization. So we're definitely noticing that there are areas of our business that are definite hot markets for talent. And I think you probably heard that from a number of people in our industry over the last week or so. We are a global business. We are able to source talent globally, and that does assist us in that. We can drop a wide range of talent pools as we manage the organization, and it gives us great resources across the organization to be able to staff engagements to make sure we're meeting client demand. We do factor this into our planning as a business. And the management team has been through a few market cycles with respect to talent and I think is very well prepared to deal with it. 
Jon Paul Newsome: Is there any reason why the issues in staffing has been focused on the CRB business versus the commercial insurance business versus other lines of business? Is there anything sort of you think is sort of unique or different about your businesses that may have kept them a little bit more isolated than the commercial businesses? 
John Haley: I think there are a number of our businesses that are extremely team oriented in the way they're constructed and served. So if you -- as an extreme example, our technology administrative services business, right, where our -- each of our relationships with our clients are long-term contracts, typically 5 to 7 years, and very much not dependent on any individual team member being with the firm, right? They're extremely institutional. 
 At the other end of the scale, you might have mid-market CRB, where it's a very relationship-centric business and maybe a single face to the client. So just fundamentally different sort of dynamics in terms of where the economics the relationship lie. 
Jon Paul Newsome: Congratulations to John. 
John Haley: Thank you. Thank you. 
Operator: Next, we have Greg Peters with Raymond James. 
Marcos Holanda: Marcos calling in on behalf of Greg Peters. You mentioned CRB growth maybe lower the industry over the next couple of quarters. As you hire, is it right to expect that growth may accelerate as you go towards 2024 towards your $10 billion target? 
John Haley: Yes. 
Marcos Holanda: Okay. And then while I understand the nature of reinsurance -- the reinsurance business and how it's more of a stand-alone business, it is margin accretive. Can you clarify the benefits of divesting the reinsurance business and the ongoing progress there? 
John Haley: So the reinsurance business has been historically more profitable than the average. As you pointed out, it is a bit of a stand-alone. It's got a different buyer hub than most of the rest of the company. We talked earlier about sort of cost pressures, right? One of the major -- in fact, the major cost in our reinsurance business is the people. And this is an area where compensation costs have been increasing much faster than the rest of the industry. It's very possible look to a future where those margins are significantly eroded due to higher compensation costs, and that's a problem that will no longer be ours. 
 In addition, at this point in time, right, $1 of every $6 or $7 in the reinsurance market is provided by the capital markets, not traditional reinsurance. Our margins and everybody else's margins for providing services through the capital markets are much lower than they are through traditional reinsurance brokerage. And so that's an additional headwind for that business that we won't have to face. 
 With respect to the divestiture, that is progressing as we thought it would. The timing that we've talked about is unchanged and that we -- the deal is subject to required regulatory approvals and clearances as well as other customary closing conditions, and we expect it to be cleared no later than the end of the first quarter of 2022. 
Marcos Holanda: Okay. I appreciate that. And maybe just a point of clarification. In the press release, you mentioned gains connected to settlements in CRB. Can you clarify if that was part of organic growth or just a part of segment income? 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. That is in the revenue figures for the segment. 
Operator: Next, we have Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. 
Ryan Tunis: Question for Carl. Appreciate that it sounds like some of the hiring trends are headed in the right direction. But I'm more interested in kind of understanding how that headwind is working its way into organic. Would you say that this quarter's organic growth trend kind of reflects the full -- the fully loaded impact of some of the attrition issues you've had earlier this year? Or do you think that, that headwind -- do you expect that headwind to grow a bit more as we get into the first half of 2022? 
Carl A. Hess: Yes. I think as John had alluded to in his prepared remarks, in terms of that dynamic, we expect to be towards the lower end of industry average growth rates through the first half of next year and do expect that gap to narrow as we progress throughout the year. 
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then on BDA, I'm far from an expert in this business. In fact, I barely know how to model it, so I was hoping you could maybe help me in terms of how to think about fourth quarter organic. I mean the comp looks difficult at plus 16%. But the year before, it was plus 3%. I'm just trying to get a feel for what are the type of range of outcomes that we can expect given that difficult comparison a year ago? 
Carl A. Hess: So a couple of things maybe as color, right? One is we have begun staffing a bit earlier this year in our TRANZACT business to make sure we're fully staffed for the ramp-up for the '22 annual enrollment period to capitalize on market demand. We also acquired Omni Direct, which is a full-service direct response media agency focusing on the Hispanic market in July of last year, and that's driven higher growth revenue -- revenue growth opportunities in TRANZACT, although it's somewhat lower margin. 
 Q4 is the seasonally highest quarter for our revenue there, right? Revenue is close to 50% for the year. And our revenue growth is tied to the lead acquisition cost, so that operating income dollars will grow commensurate to the revenue dollars growth. But overall, operating margin should remain about constant. 
 If you sort of look back, right, our year-to-date growth has -- was materially impacted by our strong Medicare Advantage open enrollment period in the first quarter. That was highly correlated to the 2021 a year ago, right, fourth quarter '20 annual enrollment period. We had significantly higher Medicare Advantage revenue growth in the annual enrollment period last year, plus 57%, and that led to strong revenue growth in the open enrollment period in the fourth quarter, plus 65%. We anticipate continued strong double-digit growth in Q4, but note that we have a strong comparable from last year with a higher base of revenues we're building off. And the annual enrollment period in Q4 this year is not correlated to the first quarter open enrollment period. 
Operator: Next, we have Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Longer-term question, I guess, for Adam. There's obviously a lot of focus on CRB margins. And I think most of it has been focused on expenses. And I was wondering, is there a revenue component that also contributes to maybe the margin differential between Willis and other leading brokers? 
Andrew Krasner: Sorry, it's Andrew. Can you clarify what you mean by revenue component? 
Meyer Shields: Yes. I guess to put it as bluntly as possible, is there any element of Willis' insurance brokers charging less than some other competitors? 
John Haley: No. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's certainly helpful. And then second, small... 
John Haley: And hopefully quite clear. 
Meyer Shields: I'm sorry? 
John Haley: I said and hopefully quite clear. Sorry. 
Meyer Shields: Yes. It seems pretty unequivocal here. Is there maybe a ballpark in the impact of the settlements within CRB and the impact on the margins? 
Andrew Krasner: Yes. Sure. So the impact on margins is -- CRB produced about a 380 basis point of margin improvement during the quarter. The book sales, which we alluded to earlier, contributed about 170 basis points. So without that component, there still would have been a 210 basis point of margin improvement in that segment. 
Operator: Next, we have Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Most of my questions have been answered. I just want to ask one question. Just in terms of TRANZACT growth, and how should we expect that to continue over the next -- going into 2022? You talked a little bit about some of your expectations in the fourth quarter. So it's been a very strong business in -- but it's getting to become a bigger business. And I was just wondering how well we should think about that in the context of the runway ahead of you. 
John Haley: I think we had some comments during Analyst Day that we still think remain very germane. First of all, as I said a couple of minutes ago, right, on the very short term, there tends to be a strong correlation between the first quarter activity to the prior fourth quarter. That is the open enrollment period will definitely influence the annual enrollment period. Looking forward, right, we see this as a tremendous large addressable market, and we think we have a great position in it. We, to a certain extent, can control our destiny in terms of how big we want this to be. And as Gene Wickes said during Analyst Day, it is about making sure that we sort of make sure what the picture we have for growth makes financial sense for the enterprise. And we work with Gene to make sure that we maximize the potential of that. 
Carl A. Hess: Thank you. Great you can join us. And with that, before I pass it back to John to wrap up, at least I think Andrew and I here would like to say thank you, John. 84 calls, and these are very big shoes of yours we're going to try and fill going forward. You have done tremendous things for this organization, and we are all very grateful for what you have done to lead us all this time. 
John Haley: Well, thanks very much. I appreciate that, and thanks to all the analysts for joining us on this call. I would like to say it's been a pleasure to work with you over the years. From day 1, I've been impressed with the quality of our analysts and the work they've done. I haven't always necessarily agreed with your conclusions, but I have always admired the intelligence and the dedication that you bring to your craft. So thanks very much, and good luck going forward. And then Carl and Andrew will be updating you on our next call. So long. 
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you, all, for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to willistowerswatson.com for the press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next 3 months on Willis Towers Watson's website.
 Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statements section on the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in the most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson's SEC filings.
 During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. For reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website.
 I'll now turn the call over to John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead, sir. 
John Haley: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our second quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining me today is Mike Burwell, our Chief Financial Officer. Today, we'll review our results for the second quarter of 2021.
 Let me start by thanking our 45,000-plus colleagues for their resilience, their commitment and their focus on serving clients with excellence. At Willis Towers Watson, our colleagues have persisted through an unprecedented global pandemic while simultaneously preparing for a proposed integration and for potential divestitures. What our teams have accomplished is nothing short of extraordinary. We're now moving forward with clarity. Today, I'm going to share some observations on the termination of our proposed combination -- business combination agreement with Aon. But I really want to focus on our strong second quarter results and excellent return to shareholders.
 In Q2, our team delivered outstanding results, with organic revenue increasing by 8% compared to the second quarter of 2020. All our business segments contributed meaningfully to this result. Our adjusted operating margin improved by 390 basis points. This translates into 48% adjusted EPS growth rate in Q2 and 30% free cash flow improvement when normalized for onetime items. Our 6% organic revenue growth for the first half reflects mid-single-digit or greater organic growth in 3 of our 4 segments.
 Turning now to the termination of our proposed business combination with Aon. We recently announced our mutual agreement to move forward independently. On behalf of Willis Towers Watson, I'd like to thank our counterparts at Aon for their professionalism over the past 16-plus months since we announced the transaction. I again would also like to thank our Willis Towers Watson colleagues for all of their efforts as well as our clients for their continued support throughout this process.
 The proposed combination had significant regulatory momentum. A notable exception was the United States, where the parties reached an impasse with the Department of Justice. In the end, working closely with Aon, we decided to terminate our agreement. We're confident this is the right decision for Willis Towers Watson, for our colleagues, for our clients and for all of our stakeholders, including our shareholders. Aon has already paid the $1 billion termination fee.
 We now move forward with confidence and from a position of strength. As we look to the future, we will build on our successes, which have been significant, as evidenced by our performance over the last several quarters. We will also leverage our formidable resources, including our durable client relationships, our talented colleagues and our healthy financial position. It's worth noting that our client retention rates have remained at the same level as prior years. Regarding colleagues, while we're disappointed that we've lost some valued colleagues in what has become a hot talent market, our top leadership ranks remain intact, and our ability to compete continues unabated.
 We were pleased to announce last week that we would be reinstating our share buyback program, which had been suspended to comply with the terms of the agreement with Aon. Our announcement noted that we would be increasing the share repurchase program by $1 billion. This will include $500 million in accelerated share repurchases and $500 million in our normal program. Subject to market conditions and other factors, we believe we should be able to execute a majority, if not all, of the repurchases by the end of 2021.
 Our Board of Directors has authorized a 13% increase in our quarterly dividend payment given our continued improvement in free cash flow. We've been paying down debt, and we expect to have retired almost $1 billion in total by the end of the year. This, together with the significant capacity we've generated, provides us with plenty of capacity to invest in both organic and inorganic growth going forward. We intend to use this capacity to make investments in our businesses so that we're well positioned to address evolving client needs. We're excited about the significant opportunities across our whole portfolio of businesses, both brokerage and consulting.
 As a result, we've asked each of our business segment leaders to look at potential areas of growth for investment. We look forward to providing you with more details about this as well as an update on the overall company at our upcoming Investor Day on September 9, 2021.
 I'd also like to announce today that we're conducting a review of strategic alternatives for Willis Re, our reinsurance operations. The Board has authorized us and our advisers to initiate such a process. While we highly value the Willis Re platform and our colleagues who contribute to its success, we believe now is an appropriate time to explore strategic alternatives for this business. There can be no assurance the strategic alternatives review process will result in a sale of Willis Re or other strategic change or outcome.
 One other question that has been raised about how we will move forward independently is what is my transition plan. As part of our ongoing planning process, the Board of Directors has been working with me on CEO succession. I still intend to retire, and I will continue to work with the Board to ensure a smooth transition of the CEO role. This will require an announcement of my replacement in an adequate time frame to ensure this is accomplished.
 Now let's move on to our second quarter results. Reported revenue for the second quarter was $2.3 billion, up 8% as compared to the prior year second quarter, up 4% on a constant currency basis and up 8% on an organic basis. In Q2, we experienced clear improvement in areas where revenue is tied to discretionary project spending as the economy continued to recover.
 Net income was $186 million. That's up 82% for the second quarter as compared to $102 million of net income in the prior year second quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $557 million or 24.4% of revenue for the second quarter as compared to $441 million or 20.9% of revenue for the same period last year. That represents a 26% increase on an adjusted EBITDA dollar basis and 350 basis points of margin improvement.
 For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $1.41, an increase of 96% as compared to the prior year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.66 for the second quarter, reflecting an increase of 48% compared to the prior year. Overall, it was a very strong quarter. We grew revenue, we enhanced margin performance, and we increased earnings per share.
 So now we'll look at each of the segments in more detail. To provide clear comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. Segment margins are calculated using segment revenue and exclude unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles, certain transaction and integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions as well as other items which we consider noncore to our operating results. The segment results do include discretionary compensation.
 The Human Capital & Benefits, or HCB, segment revenue was up 5% on an organic basis and 4% on a constant currency basis compared to the second quarter of the prior year. This result represents a strong return to revenue growth, which was driven by increased demand for advisory services across various lines of business.
 Talent and Rewards revenue increased 22%, with a major uptick in executive compensation and reward strategy work. We anticipate continued strong demand for broad-based rewards and transaction projects in the second half of the year, with demand evident across all geographies. We are also experiencing strong participation rates across various data survey products in the midst of the tight labor markets and companies looking to attract and retain talent, which should fuel growth in the second half of the year.
 Our Health and Benefits revenue increased 1% for the quarter on top of similar growth in the second quarter of 2021. We continue to grow revenue from our advisory work in North America and global benefits management and local brokerage appointments outside of North America. However, this growth was partially offset by lower commission-based revenue, which was tied to prior year book sales. In this business, we anticipate a stronger second half performance driven by U.S. legislative changes alongside pent-up demand for strategic benefits reviews.
 Retirement revenue was up 3% compared to the prior year driven primarily by funding and Guaranteed Minimum Pension equalization, or GMP, work in Great Britain. We expect high demand for GMP work to continue through the remainder of 2021 and into 2022 and 2023.
 Technology and Administration Solutions revenue grew 2% primarily due to increased project work and new business activity in Great Britain. We're optimistic about growth opportunities for this business as clients are engaging with us to deliver more high-touch solutions with higher-end service levels to support their employee base.
 HCB's operating margin increased by 210 basis points compared to the prior year second quarter as a result of continued expense reduction efforts. We're very pleased with HCB's sequential improvement and margin growth. Our long-term outlook on HCB remains positive.
 Now let's look at Corporate Risk & Broking, or CRB, which had a revenue increase of 8% on an organic and constant currency basis as compared to the prior year second quarter. North America's revenue was up 13% in the second quarter, driven by gains on book of business sales alongside new business across all regions, particularly in the FINEX and marine lines. Revenue for Western Europe increased 3% due to new business and renewal expansion, particularly in retail and FINEX.
 Great Britain and International's revenue increased 2% and 9%, respectively, for the second quarter. The revenue increases were primarily driven by new business wins across multiple lines, including FINEX, aerospace, construction, marine and retail insurance lines.
 CRB revenue was $788 million for the quarter with an operating margin of 22.9% compared to $701 million of revenue with an operating margin of 19.2% in the prior year second quarter. That's up 15% from 2019. The 370 basis point margin improvement contributes to a 2-year increase of 770 basis points and reflects the continuation of effective cost containment.
 Consistent with last quarter, CRB once again delivered strong top line growth and improved profitability. CRB's second quarter performance is encouraging as we look toward the future. As the economic outlook improves, we believe our Corporate Risk & Broking segment will see the demand for mitigating asset exposures and other insurance and risk mitigation strategies increase, set against the backdrop of a firm market. We expect to see investment in large-scale infrastructure projects building volumes in transportation and increasing deal volume in M&A.
 Our CRB segment is focused on delivering industry and product expertise and has a mature strategy in place across all its global lines of business. We believe that the depth of our talent in these global communities, coupled with our connected broking and risk and analytics strategies, continue to enable us to deliver innovative solutions to both existing and prospective clients.
 Turning to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance, or IRR. Revenue for the second quarter was $400 million, an increase of 15% on an organic basis and a decrease of 7% on a constant currency basis as compared to the prior year second quarter. This organic growth is on top of 3% revenue growth in the 2020 second quarter. The constant currency change reflects the divestitures of our wholesale subsidiary, Miller, and our Max Matthiessen business.
 The Investment business, with revenue growth of 44%, led the segment's growth with new business and higher fees. Investment's growth was aided further by increased performance fees. Insurance Consulting and Technology revenue was up 13% compared to the second quarter of the prior year when revenue growth was modest. This business benefited from increased demand for advisory work.
 Reinsurance revenue grew 4% through a combination of net new business and favorable renewal factors. Revenue growth was partially offset by a decline in investment income due to lower interest rates. IRR had an operating margin of 33.3%, up 460 basis points as compared to 28.7% for the prior year second quarter. The strong margin expansion was a result of careful cost containment efforts, coupled with solid top line growth. Our Investment Risk & Reinsurance segment is seeing strong demand from insurers for technology, advice and analytics, driving new business across our Insurance Consulting and Technology and Reinsurance businesses. We believe we're well positioned to provide leading advice and innovative solutions to our clients in the transition to a low-carbon future.
 IRR's powerful combination of advisory services, technology solutions and analytical capabilities continues to create value for companies as they reevaluate risk and reinforce resilience post pandemic. We believe this unique combination enables us to deliver industry-leading expertise and innovative solutions to help our clients navigate challenges and leverage opportunities as the socioeconomic legacy of the pandemic continues to evolve and the world adapts to meet the increasing challenge of climate change events.
 Revenue for the Benefits Delivery & Administration, or BDA, segment increased by 14% on an organic basis and 16% on a constant currency basis from the prior year second quarter. The growth in revenue was largely driven by Individual Marketplace, primarily by TRANZACT, which contributed $160 million to BDA's top line this quarter, with its growth in Medicare Advantage products. The Benefit Outsourcing business also contributed to the increase of revenue, which was largely driven by its expanded client base.
 The BDA segment had revenue of $242 million with a negative 4.3% operating margin as compared to revenue of $209 million and a negative operating margin of 4.2% in the prior year second quarter. This nominal margin decline was largely due to our increasing sales capacity ahead of the 2022 annual enrollment period, which will usher in expansion opportunities for both our Individual Marketplace and our Benefits Outsourcing lines of business. We continue to feel positive about the momentum of our BDA segment for the remainder of 2021.
 So overall, I'm very pleased with our results this quarter. Thanks to our colleagues' outstanding efforts and our clients' commitment, we delivered strong broad-based overall financial performance across all of our business segments. We saw good top line growth, we saw meaningful margin expansion, and we saw EPS growth on top of a solid second quarter in 2020. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John, and good morning to everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us. First, I'd like to extend my appreciation to all our colleagues. We've asked a lot of our teams and our colleagues over the past 16 months, and they have continued to deliver. They remain committed to our vision and upheld our values. They went above and beyond to support our company, our clients and one another. I'm extremely grateful for their patience, commitment and resilience.
 We delivered continued progress for both the quarter and year-to-date period, including 8% revenue growth in Q2. Through the first half of the year, we translated strong organic revenue growth into excellent operating income growth and almost doubled earnings per share, demonstrating the resilience of the Willis Towers Watson business model. We continue to expect mid-single-digit revenue growth for the full year 2021.
 I would note that our reported revenue included the favorable impact from changes in FX rates driven by a weaker U.S. dollar versus most currencies. Our strong revenue growth and ongoing operational discipline as well as sound cost management contributed to an adjusted operating income margin growth of 390 basis points in Q2 and 240 basis points through the first half of the year. It should be noted the growth in our margins was driven by the speed of revenue growth, which outpaced our expense growth.
 While we made investments in people, operations and technology to enable long-term growth over the first half, we expect to increase these investments during the second half of the year. We also anticipate some resumption of T&E cost over the second half of the year as well, though we anticipate continued leverage of technology to conduct much of our business remotely, enabling us to sustain our improved efficiency and reduce carbon footprint. Looking forward, we expect to deliver margin expansion for the full year 2021 and over the long term.
 Moving back to the results for the second quarter. We've translated strong operating income into adjusted EPS growth of 48% in Q2 and 23% year-to-date. Foreign currency changes had a favorable impact to revenue of $87 million or 4% in Q2 versus the prior year and no impact to diluted earnings per share. If currency was to remain stable at today's rates, we'd expect a modest tailwind to adjusted diluted earnings per share for the full year.
 As John mentioned, Aon and WTW mutually agreed to terminate our business combination agreement and move forward independently. In accordance with the business combination agreement, Aon has paid the $1 billion termination fee.
 Free cash flow increased 30% year-to-date when adjusted for the $185 million for the previously announced Stanford and Willis Towers Watson merger settlements and higher incentive comp and benefit related items of $249 million. We expect -- or we continue to expect to drive free cash flow growth over the long term, building on our efforts over the past couple of years. We expect our CapEx expenditures to increase in the second half of the year as we invest in technology to grow our business.
 Given our outlook for the long-term free cash flow growth, we see share repurchases as the highest return on capital opportunity for capital allocation. As John noted, we plan to implement an accelerated share repurchase strategy of $500 million in addition to our normal share repurchase plans. We look to execute as much as practical in fiscal year 2021, and we also raised our dividend by 13%.
 Now turning to our balance sheet and debt capacity. We had $2.2 billion of cash on our balance sheet at the end of the quarter. We plan to pay off $450 million of debt outstanding in August 2021. We have no borrowings outstanding under our $1.25 billion credit facility. We remain confident in the strength of our balance sheet and manage liquidity risk through a well-laddered debt maturity profile. And considering our June 30 balance sheet, we have plenty of additional debt capacity for discretionary use in the second half of the year.
 Over the long term, we expect to return to our past practice of growing debt as EBITDA grows. It should be noted that free cash flow generation in the second half of the year is seasonally strong, stronger than in the first half of the year, and we will look to allocate cash for our best use based on return on capital.
 In summary, we ended the second quarter in a very strong position as we delivered strong top line and bottom line results. While the termination of our Aon -- or combination with Aon was not the outcome we originally intended, the opportunity for WTW as a stand-alone business is strong and exciting. We believe our disciplined approach to return on capital, combined with our continued improved cash flow delivery and increased debt capacity, provides flexibility to improve shareholder value creation over the long term.
 It should be noted, our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the second quarter was 33.8% versus 42.2% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was 19.3% versus 22.2% rate in the prior year. The current year quarter effective tax rate includes a $40 million deferred tax expense related to the enacted U.K. statutory tax rate change, while the prior year effective tax rate was higher due to additional expense recognized in connection with the temporary provisions of the CARES Act. We anticipate our annual effective adjusted tax rate will be between 20% and 21% for the full year.
 We're very pleased with the second quarter results, and they are a direct reflection of our incredibly talented colleagues and unwavering commitment to client service. Our second quarter results were very encouraging. We have momentum, we have solid financial results, a strong balance sheet and an excellent team, which gives me confidence in our ability to continue driving value for all our stakeholders. I'll now turn the call back to you, John. 
John Haley: Thanks very much, Mike. And now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question is from Greg Peters of Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: The first question will focus on retention. And John, I know you said that your client retention remained strong through the second quarter. But you also did highlight that there were some departures on the employee side. And I was wondering if you could give us some more color behind that.
 In the past, you've talked about retention as a percentage of the total employee base. Obviously, I think most of your investors are concerned about these departures and its impact on future organic revenue results. So any color you can add here will be helpful. 
John Haley: Yes. So thanks very much for that question, Greg. I think we -- when we look at our overall attrition over the last 16 months or so, that attrition is within the normal historical balance we have. Now we've seen our attrition go up a little bit more in the second quarter than we did before then. But that's actually something that I think has been seen by companies across the board there.
 And -- but the biggest issue we've had is not so much the attrition, although we have lost some valuable colleagues, let me be clear about that. But the issue is we -- while we were in the process of the merger, it was harder to hire new people, to bring them on because of the uncertainty of exactly how they would fit into the new organization. And I think what we're going to be doing now is going out aggressively recruiting and looking to replace some of the talent we've lost. 
Charles Peters: Can you -- just as a follow-up to that, John, can you give us a sense within HCB -- if you lost some health care brokers? Can you give us a sense within CRB, where the losses have been, whether it's Western Europe or North America, IRR? Just some additional color there so we can sort of use it to help build out our projections going forward. 
Michael Burwell: Greg, it's Mike. I would just comment. So one is, as you might imagine, when you think about a merger, we've lost -- one of the biggest places we've lost, frankly, has been our corporate and some of our corporate areas overall in the business with the anticipation of the business combination.
 As John mentioned, we had lost some teams. But when you compare -- when you look at HCB or CRB or IRR, we've lost some teams. When we compare it, our turnover isn't different than what we saw back in 2019.
 So we have had a reinsurance team that's been lost, let's say, in Australia or things. But those -- we're highlighting it because it's in the window of looking at an M&A deal. But that's a normal process that has been happening and maybe slightly accelerated here recently, as John mentioned. But when I look at the numbers, and just in terms of pure overall turnover numbers, they're not that different from where we were in 2019. 
John Haley: I mean to give you -- the turnover is generally in the 10%, maybe 11% range. I think BDA, because of the nature of that business, is the one outlier where we have relatively high turnover rates. 
Michael Burwell: But -- we hire the people up for the seasonal fourth quarter and then they go away. 
Charles Peters: Yes. Makes sense. And then the other related area, your retention bonuses. I think Aon came out on their call, and they expressed their intent to pay the retention bonuses to their employees. What's your view on retention bonuses for your producers going forward? 
John Haley: So our view is that employee retention is something that we are managing constantly, not just during deals. And so we have various incentives that are embedded within our employees' compensation structure. The retention awards for the business combination, they were communicated in connection with the proposed combination to address specific risks and contingencies that could arise from that transaction.
 And since the transaction is no longer pending, we don't think those incentives are necessarily the ones we should have in place. That doesn't mean we won't put other ones in place and we won't make sure we manage retention on an ongoing basis. We will. 
Charles Peters: Yes. I would expect that. I guess my last question, I'm sorry, but I had to hammer the retention thing, would just be, Mike, I think in your comments, you called out the benefit of T&E and certainly, in your response, reduced corporate expenses. When I think about just the overall expense structure going forward, is it fair to say that you're going to be making investments in this business, so the expense side of the house may start to increase relative to what we saw in the second quarter? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I think that's a fair statement, Greg. But I would also point to the comment that I made, which is that we're focused on continued annual improvement, and we anticipate margin improvement for the year.
 So we'll look at those in terms of what the run rate of the company is. If we're making specific investments, we'll call them out. But our intent is to drive -- continue to drive margin improvement and margin expansion. 
John Haley: And maybe just as a quick addition to that, Greg. I think as I referenced, and I think as Mike referenced in his comments, we're very excited about the growth prospects. And so we will be making investments in the business, but those are investments that we expect to be generating revenue, too. And so we're looking at both organic and inorganic. We have a lot of enthusiasm around some of the prospects we see. 
Operator: Your next question is from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, John, in your prepared remarks, you addressed that you're planning to retire, which we know was kind of planned in conjunction with the Aon merger as well. I understand that your contract runs through the end of this year. So is the desire to put someone in place in advance of the time frame? Is there the potential to extend your contract? And can you just tell us, will both internal and external candidates be considered for your role. 
John Haley: Yes. I think that -- thanks very much, Elyse. Yes, my contract runs through the end of the year, and I think the intention would be not to extend that but to identify a successor and have that successor named before that time.
 And I'll be working with the Board on that. The Board has a very thorough process and considers everything. Of course, we -- this is not new. We've been doing this for a lot of years, and so we're not just starting at square one here. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Great. And then on the leverage side, your leverage is now below 2x EBITDA, and you have some debt that's coming due shortly. So I guess I'm trying to get a sense -- you guys mentioned that you would look to add to your debt capacity over the long term, if you could just define that.
 And I'm assuming you'd be willing to go up to 2.5x EBITDA, I think that's historically where you have gone. And if you do add to debt, could additional share repurchases be considered for that additional capital in addition to looking to pursue growth? 
Michael Burwell: So Elyse, thanks for the question. So when we think about leverage, at times, we have gone up that high in leverage, but with always a commitment to get it down more in that kind of 2.2, 2.3 range, is kind of where we have been. So that gives us plenty of capacity to think about investments that we can make, both organically and inorganically in the business, which we're very excited about. And we have lots of opportunities, it's just making sure we deploy that in the best return thought process.
 But as we think about that, obviously, we will look -- continue to look at share repurchases. That's an important element, to look at that return, as we look at all 3 components in terms of thinking about allocation of capital. We talked about the dividend increase that we had this quarter. We'll continue to look at dividends. We will look at share repurchases. And obviously, we're looking at inorganic and organic growth and thinking about all 3 of those in a balanced way, going forward. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Great. And then on the revenue guidance, I think you said for the full year, you guys would be at mid-single digits. Was that total revenue or organic? Or was that meant to be both? 
Michael Burwell: It's meant to be organic, full year. 
Elyse Greenspan: And then so, I guess, you guys were at 8% for the Q2, 6% for the half year under certain businesses. I mean I know you guys addressed some of the retention and employee attrition issues in previous questions. But is -- are you expecting a slowdown in the second half given some of the retention stuff? Or is it more to conservatism given just economic uncertainty as you think about going from 8% to, I guess, kind of what seems to be maybe 6% in the back half of the year? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, as you know, you know the quarters, the Q1 and Q4 tend to be our largest quarters in particular, Q4 being the largest quarter, Q3 being less of a quarter. I think you may have used the word conservative in there. We don't know if it's conservative, it's our best estimate in terms of where we are right now, and we thought that guidance would be helpful. 
Operator: Your next question is from Paul Newsome of Piper Sandler. 
Jon Paul Newsome: I'm curious if there's a lot of difference between the organic growth that you saw by account size as opposed to segment, basically across the broking as well as the health care businesses. Was there more improvement in the larger account stuff or middle market or about the same? 
Michael Burwell: It was about the same. We really saw it's about the same. Yes. 
Jon Paul Newsome: And perhaps you could talk a little bit about the pricing environment and what sort of windfall that helped you within the broking side a little bit more. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean we publish twice a year our Marketplace Realities, which we publish in April and October as a general rule. And we include in there what our view of the marketplace is in terms of pricing. It continues to be a hard market. We continue to see a pricing tailwind.
 We've seen continued increases, and most recently, cyber being up almost 50%. And -- but obviously, those are what you're seeing in terms of quoted prices. Our role is to do the best thing that we can for our clients. And obviously, we look to manage those risks, help them understand those risks and price those risks appropriately.
 And so we think about that, we look at properties still being up, general liability has been up, casualty has been up. And we've seen some moderation on workers' comp and D&O. But again, in aggregate, across the board, we're seeing pricing tailwinds overall. So yes, we are seeing that reflected in the business. 
Jon Paul Newsome: Were there any notable geographic concentrations with -- for the organic growth? 
Michael Burwell: It was pretty balanced across the board when you look at our geographies. I mean we didn't see any particular one that I would call out. Otherwise, we would have and specifically said that. We really saw it across all 4 of our segments in comparison to where they should be in the prior year. And equally, we saw it across all our geographies. Frankly, the business is running very strong. We're very proud of the second quarter results. 
John Haley: And I think where there were some differences across the geographies, I did call them out when I went through the segment review. 
Jon Paul Newsome: Congrats in the quarter. 
Operator: Your next question is from Shlomo Rosenbaum of Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: John, so just to ask you a little bit about -- when you have a merger like this that you're anticipating, a lot of times, a company will go ahead and delay certain initiatives with the anticipation of a certain joint strategy post the deal close. And with the Willis Towers Watson going out on their own more, what items might have been placed on ice before that will now be revisited? Or what are some strategies that you're going to be pursuing that you might not have been pursuing beforehand now that the company is in on its own? And I don't know if there are specific areas you can talk about, more -- an acceleration of investments into specific areas or specific verticals? Any color you could provide there would be helpful. 
John Haley: Yes. So thanks very much for that question, Shlomo. We clearly had some initiatives that we were delaying in anticipation of the combination. And our leaders are going through and doing a review of those right now, but they're in all of our businesses. We see that in CRB. We see it in IRR, we see it in HCB. So all of these -- all the different businesses.
 We're looking at them. We're prioritizing them. And at Investor Day, we're going to be presenting you a comprehensive plan about how we're attacking them and taking them forward. So I think there clearly were ones.
 There are some other initiatives that we've continued to pursue even during these 16 months. For example, our leadership on climate change, which we think is important from just the perspective of the good work we're doing there, but also we think that will be a very nice business for us going forward. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And then just the company posted very strong growth, 8%, clearly off of a weaker 2Q comp. If we're going ahead and just looking at what the momentum, underlying momentum in the business feels like, would you say it feels more like mid-single digits like what you guided to for the year? Or maybe just some kind of color around what it would be if you're looking at this on more of a normalized year-over-year number? 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think we've been talking for a couple of years now about the overall market growing at about mid-single digits and us growing with at least as fast as the overall market. I would say if we look at it today, we feel slightly more bullish than that. So it would be at least mid-single digits is what we see for the longer run. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question is from Suneet Kamath of Citi. 
Suneet Kamath: So just back on retention, just a quick one. Are there any agreements in place between you and Aon regarding recruiting and hiring each other's talent? 
John Haley: There are not. I mean I think there are limitations on the use of confidential information that we've exchanged, but that's basically it. 
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then in the CRB business, I think in the press release, you talked about growth tied to settlements and book of business sales. So I just was hoping you could give us a sense of how much did that contribute to the growth in the quarter. And are these normal course things? Or should be -- we be viewing this as -- some of this as onetime in nature? 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think we -- as we referenced, like we've had booked business sales, that's an ongoing feature of the business that we're in. And so we had some last year, we had some this year. We probably had a little more this year than in prior years, but it's not something that we really break out. 
Operator: Your next question is from Mark Hughes of Truist. 
Mark Hughes: Mike, what would be a good way to approach other income? It was $74 million this quarter. What's a good proxy in the future quarters? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean I think this quarter is probably a reasonable representation of what we -- what you should expect or think about. I mean there obviously are going to be some slight ups and downs, but I think it's a reasonable proxy to think about. 
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then John, the Willis Re decision at this time, could you expand a little bit more on what your thinking is about maybe divesting that, and why? And anything else that might fall into that category? 
John Haley: No. As I said in the call, we have great appreciation for the Willis Re business, for our colleagues and the work they've been doing. We just thought that coming off the termination of the deal with Aon was an appropriate time to consider strategic alternatives. That's the only business we're looking at thus far. 
Operator: Your next question is from Ryan Tunis of Autonomous Research. 
Ryan Tunis: Quick one for Mike. On free cash flow, what are you thinking you'll be able to do for the full year of 2021 after we got through the second quarter? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Ryan, I mean we have not given guidance, and we're not intending to do it. I mean just given the marketplaces of COVID variants, et cetera, in terms of giving specific free cash flow guidance, I believe that we will continue to improve from what we've delivered previously.
 As you've seen, we're up on -- 30%, 31% year-to-date on an -- if you look at it on a run rate basis for the first half, which I think is consistent with where we've been over -- now over the last couple of years. And I think that's accentuated in terms of our increased dividend that we -- that our Board and we announced here as of today.
 I think we continue to work on free cash flow. I mean there's continued view inside the organization on how important that is for us to have that cash so we can reinvest in the business and buy back shares and do a variety of different things that we can do with that cash. And so I can just tell you that there's a lot of focus on it. We're very proud of what we continue to do there, and we'll look to continue to improve it. 
Ryan Tunis: And then it seems like there's a little bit of a mixed message on investing versus buyback. You're saying that you want to invest organically and inorganically. But -- and yet you're divesting Willis Re. On the other hand, the buyback could clearly be bigger than it is.
 So I guess thinking about the decision to sell Willis Re, what are you thinking about in terms of revenue replacement type options? Or is there any opportunity we could just see a larger share repurchase program? 
John Haley: I think we -- we have that Investor Day coming up September 9, and we intend to talk in somewhat more specifics about our growth plans. But as we said in our remarks, we see a lot of growth opportunities in all of our businesses, whether it's broking or consulting or our BDA businesses. And we're going to be going through and thinking about them and prioritizing what we're looking at.
 But we think that's probably -- there are opportunities there that are going to be the best use of capital. To the extent we don't find ones that are as attractive as we like, we will probably do more share repurchase. But we're going to be guided by what's best for shareholders there in terms of financing growth. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Marcon of Baird. 
Mark Marcon: Just wondering, with regards to this kind of the margin outlook for the second half of the year, how should we think about that vis-a-vis some replacement hiring? And related to replacement hiring, generally speaking, when we take a look at the top leadership team within Willis Towers Watson and then perhaps the layer or 2 below, how should we think about the retention on a go-forward basis?
 Obviously, there were some agreements that were put in place to basically hold things together through the merger, and some of those obviously are no longer relevant. So how should we think about that as we look through until the successor is named? 
John Haley: Yes. So I think we -- one of the things we learned, we've had really incredible performance during the 16 months that we've been in this combination period where we were looking forward to that. And the reason we've had that is because of the performance of our colleagues overall, but especially because of the performance of our leaders.
 And the broad leadership group within Willis Towers Watson has been nothing short of outstanding. And we have incredibly deep talent in this organization. And I think we recognize that. We're going to make sure we do the appropriate things to retain them and to motivate them. But we're moving forward with a lot of confidence there, Mark. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And what -- will you highlight that to a greater extent on September 9? And again, what's -- how should we think about the margin outlook over the over the next 6 months, to any extent that you can illuminate that? 
John Haley: Yes. I think we will highlight some of that in -- on September 9. I think for the margins, we have 2 things that we say. We were -- we're proud of the margin expansion we've seen over the last couple of years here. We think we can continue that. We're recognizing that there are some features, like some travel and entertainment expenses are probably artificially low.
 However, as we continue to do more of that, we're going to be looking to make sure that we increase T&E to the extent it drives revenue, and that's what we're going to be trying to make sure we do. So we feel pretty good about continuing to drive margin expansion over the longer time frame. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW. 
Meyer Shields: I guess first question, probably for John. Can you talk about how you came up with $1 billion as the share repurchase? And I'm asking that because of how much cash there is on the balance sheet. 
John Haley: Well, if you think about -- the share repurchases we've had in the past have bounced around somewhat from year-to-year. But if you look at what we would have been expected to have done during the 16 months, that's about $1 billion. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. No, that's fair. [ That's the point we catch up ]. Second question, and I know we've been talking about retention a lot, but it really does seem to be top of mind for investors. Is there any way of guiding or ballparking the impact on revenue growth either in the second quarter or maybe over the next 12 months from the people that you lost? 
John Haley: No. I mean I think probably if you look at the -- what Mike said about we're expecting a mid-single-digit growth, I mean, I think that gives you the net of everything. So we don't -- we haven't broken things down any finer than that. 
Operator: Your next question is from Brian Meredith of UBS. 
Brian Meredith: Two questions here. First one, Mike, I think I recall a couple of years ago, you're talking about the need to integrate systems to really drive meaningful margin improvement in the CRB business. Where are you in that process? And did the Aon merger agreement kind of put a halt on some of that integration? 
Michael Burwell: No. I mean the teams continue to invest in systems and technology as appropriate. And we've continued to do that. We're obviously -- we're mindful of thinking about what that could mean. But we've continued to -- most of CRB is just -- it's supported really by 2 systems, and that's really the way we've continued to invest in those systems. They're core to our brokering capabilities and operations. And so Adam and the team are very focused on it and continue to drive efficiency and effectiveness. And I see you're seeing that being reflected in their results. 
Brian Meredith: Great. And my second question, I'm just curious, John, the sale of Max Matthiessen and the sale of Miller, was that all driven by this merger? And are there certain things that maybe happened that you may not have done as a result of the merger agreement that maybe you want to kind of rebuild in that area? 
John Haley: No. Actually, both Miller and Max Matthiessen were started before we announced the merger. 
Brian Meredith: Were there anything that you probably did during the course of the merger that maybe you're doing in anticipation of it that you'd want to do some reinvestment in that area? 
John Haley: I don't think there's anything specific like that. As we did say, we expected that we would -- there are some things that we were going slower on, and we'll address them on September 9, that we're going to reinvigorate some initiatives we had. But nothing major like business -- whole businesses or anything like that. 
Operator: Your next question is from Phil Stefano of Deutsche Bank. 
Phil Stefano: On the margin conversation, it feels like, at least for most of the investors we talked to, there's a focus on the adjusted EBITDA margin. I think when you most recently gave guidance, it was on the adjusted operating margin. Maybe you could talk about which of these is more important, if there is one, and where you want us to be focused on our margin thoughts looking forward. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean I think we tend to focus on operating margin overall in the business. And so I think that, that's an appropriate spot for you to focus on as well. I mean that -- I mean, you have depreciation and amortization that are in there as well. But I think that's really the focal point. 
Phil Stefano: Okay. And so my follow-up, so I -- there's always strategic actions that could be happening and announced over the next couple of months. There's the potential for share repurchases, do or don't we lever up the debt, the strategic review for Willis Re. How should we think about the time line for all these things with the understanding that we don't have a new CEO in place?
 And presumably, this will be part of the job appeal to someone externally to be -- have this strategic footprint and flexibility around them. So maybe you could talk about the time line for these strategic decisions with the idea that we don't have a CEO, looking forward. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think we're working, as I said, on a review of what opportunities we have across all the businesses, both ones we have deferred, both new ones we've identified during the last 16 months and what we should be doing. It's an effort that is a broad-based effort across our leadership. And so it will have the buy-in of the whole leadership of the company. And we think it will be something that will be in the works, oven-ready for the new CEO to execute on. 
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. I will hand the call back over for any additional or closing remarks. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks very much, everyone, for joining us on today's call, and we look forward to seeing you on September 9 when we'll be discussing the company's growth plans at our Investor Day in New York City. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-04-29 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to the willistowerswatson.com for the press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next 3 months on the Willis Towers Watson's website. Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law.
 For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in the most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings. During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. For reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. I'll now turn the call over to John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead. 
John Haley: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today on our first quarter 2021 earnings call. Joining me today is Mike Burwell, our Chief Financial Officer. Today, we'll review our results for the first quarter of 2021. I'm pleased with our first quarter financial results and the continued momentum in our business. We generated organic revenue growth of 4% and 110 basis point adjusted operating margin improvement. Each of our operating segments contributed to the margin expansion this quarter, driven by new business generation, strong retention rates and increased operating leverage across our core businesses. 
 Through the first quarter of 2021, our colleagues continued their tremendous efforts to serve our clients through these challenging times and delivered a strong financial performance. I'd like to extend my heartfelt thanks to all our colleagues for their dedication, professionalism and support of one another. Thank you for continuing to bring your very best to the table every day. Your solidarity and resilience are truly inspiring.
 Our accomplishments in quarter 1 are reflective of our purpose and action. The impact of our work extends to the people and our client organizations to each other and to our communities. For many of us, this greater impact is our why. It's the purpose behind the work we do. Creating clarity and confidence today for a more sustainable tomorrow. Grounded in this sense of purpose, we've continued to partner with our clients to help strengthen their resilience and progress towards long-term success.
 The events of the past year have sharpened our focus. Our clients, our colleagues and our other stakeholders expect us to conduct our business with integrity and in an environmentally and socially responsible manner with high ethical standards. We take these expectations seriously and have embraced principles that are aligned with our business priorities are consistent with our commitment to ethical and sustainable practices and demonstrate our respect for the communities in which we operate around the globe. 
 For this reason, Willis Towers Watson has partnered with companies worldwide to increase racial justice by joining the World Economic Forums Racial Justice and Business Initiative. The purpose of this initiative is to build more equitable and just workplaces for professionals with underrepresented racial and ethnic identities. Willis Towers Watson is among 44 founding members, representing 5.2 million employees and 13 industries. 
 As part of this ongoing global conversation with leading organizations worldwide, we can both learn from them to increase racial diversity and inclusion inside the company and contribute our own ideas to address the issue more broadly. In working towards the goal of improving the communities which we serve, I'm proud to say we recently announced our commitment to delivering net zero greenhouse gas emissions in alignment with the science-based targets initiative by 2015 at the latest, with at least 50% reduction by 2030.
 Through improvements to energy efficiency in our operations, leveraging virtual meeting tools, promoting recycling and encouraging our colleagues to adapt environmentally responsible habits, the company aims to minimize its carbon emissions and any other related harmful environmental impacts.
 Turning now to our proposed combination with Aon. We continue to be excited about the potential of the combined firm and are committed to its completion. Upon close, we will serve a common purpose, to serve clients and improve communities, blending the best of both of our firms. We'll innovate on behalf of our clients and co-create solutions to address unmet client needs. We will build inclusive and diverse teams, engage colleagues and enable them to deliver their full potential. During the first quarter, we continued to build momentum towards closing the transaction with Aon and made significant progress in our integration planning efforts. We anticipate closing in the first half of 2021, subject, of course, to regulatory approvals. 
 Now let's move on to our first quarter results. Reported revenue for the first quarter was $2.6 billion. That's up 5% as compared to the prior year first quarter, up 1% on a constant currency basis and up 4% on an organic basis. In quarter 1, we continued to face some headwinds due to macroeconomic factors such as COVID-19. In the prior year, we only started to see the impacts near the end of the first quarter. We started to experience some improvement in areas where revenue is tied to discretionary project spending.
 Similar to last quarter, we experienced solid financial performance in areas where we have a well-established market position, mature relationships and annuity or compliance-driven business. Net income was $736 million, up 135% for the first quarter as compared to $313 million of net income in the prior year first quarter. It should be noted, we disposed of our Miller Wholesale business on March 1, 2020, for $696 million in proceeds and a gain of $356 million on a tax-free basis or $2.73 per share. 
 Adjusted EBITDA was $730 million or 28.2% of revenue for the first quarter as compared to $680 million or 27.6% of revenue for the same period last year, representing a 7% increase on an adjusted EBITDA dollar basis and 60 basis of margin improvement. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $5.63, an increase of 140% as compared to the prior year. This included a net $350 million gain on disposal of operations, mostly resulting from the sale of our Miller Wholesale business. 
 Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $3.64 for the first quarter, reflecting an increase of 9% compared to the prior year. Overall, it was a solid quarter. We grew revenue, we enhanced margin performance and we increased earnings per share. Now let's take a look at each of the segments in more detail. To provide clear comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. 
 Segment margins are calculated using segment revenue, and they exclude unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles, certain transaction and integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions as well as other items which we consider noncore to our operating results. The segment results do include discretionary compensation. 
 The Human Capital & Benefits, HCB, segment revenue was flat on an organic basis and constant currency basis compared to the prior -- the first quarter of the prior year and generated this similar level of revenue with 1 less billing day this year. This result represents sequential revenue improvement compared to our prior quarter, which was driven by increased demand for advisory services across various lines of business. Talent and Rewards revenue decreased nominally, with the uptick in executive compensation and rewards strategy work offset by declines in our traditional survey sales and communications and change management offerings. 
 Our Health and Benefits revenue was flat for the quarter. We continue to grow revenue from advisory work in North America and global benefit management and local brokerage appointments outside of North America. However, this growth was offset by lower commission-based revenue, which was tied to prior year book sales. Retirement revenue was also flat compared to the prior year, with funding and guaranteed minimum pension equalization work in Great Britain, offset by declines in North America resulting from 1 less billing day and less derisking activity. 
 Technology and Administration Solutions revenue grew moderately, primarily due to increased project work and new business activity in Great Britain. HCB's operating margin increased by 20 basis points compared to the prior year first quarter as a result of continued expense reduction efforts. We're pleased with HCB's sequential improvement and margin growth. Our long-term outlook on HCB remains positive. The pandemic has changed the needs and demands of workers and workplaces. HCB stands ready to help clients navigate the transition.
 Now let's look at Corporate Risk & Broking, or CRB, which had a revenue increase of 5% on an organic and constant currency basis as compared to the prior year first quarter. Great Britain and International's revenue increased 8% and 15%, respectively, for the first quarter. The revenue increases were primarily driven by new business wins, most notably in natural resource and FINEX insurance lines. 
 North America's revenue was up by 6% in the first quarter, driven by strong renewals across all regions, but also particularly in the FINEX lines. Revenue for Western Europe decreased 2% due to both the timing of some revenue moving to later quarters and the departure of some senior staff, which pressured business in certain geographies. CRB revenue was $810 million for the quarter, with an operating margin of 20.0% compared to $739 million of revenue with an operating margin of 17.2% in the prior year first quarter. The 200 basis -- 280 basis point margin improvement reflects the continuation of effective cost containment. 
 To see the strong top line growth and improved profitability in the first quarter is encouraging, and we remain optimistic about both CRB's short-term and long-term growth prospects. In a world marked by uncertainty, CRB goes beyond the traditional boundaries of insurance products and risk management to deliver services that help organizations prepare for what may lie ahead. 
 Turning to Investment, Risk and Reinsurance, or IRR. Revenue for the first quarter was $605 million, an increase of 4% on an organic basis and a decrease of 5% on a constant currency basis as compared to the prior year first quarter. Reinsurance with growth of 4% continued to lead the segment's growth through a combination of net new business and favorable renewal factors. The Insurance Consulting and Technology and Investment businesses also contributed to the segment's revenue growth. Both lines of business were up 8% compared to the first quarter of the prior year, having benefited from increased demand for advisory work.
 Insurance Consulting and Technology revenue growth was aided further by increased software sales. The Wholesale business was down 14% on an organic basis. Although that's reported as organic, about half of the decline was because we transferred Wholesale Special Contingency Risks Business to the CRB segment in the fourth quarter of 2020. The remainder of the revenue decline was largely caused by ongoing pressure on various insurance lines from COVID-19.  As a reminder, we sold the Wholesale business on March 1, 2021. 
 IRR had an operating margin of 47.9%, up 280 basis points as compared to 45.1% for the prior year first quarter. The strong margin expansion was a result of careful cost containment efforts, coupled with solid top line growth. IRR helps businesses and communities to sustainably navigate the risks and opportunities ahead. IRR's powerful combination of advisory services, technology solutions and analytical capabilities continues to create value for companies as they reevaluate risk and reinforce resilience post pandemic. 
 Revenue for the Benefits Delivery & Administration or BDA Segment increased by 23% on an organic basis and 24% on a constant currency basis from the prior year first quarter. The growth in revenue was largely driven by individual marketplace, primarily by TRANZACT, which contributed $148 million to BDA's top line this quarter with growth in Medicare Advantage products. The Benefits Outsourcing business also contributed to the increase in revenue, which was largely driven by its expanded client base.
 The BDA segment had revenue of $287 million with a 2.5% operating margin as compared to revenue of $231 million and a negative operating margin of minus 4.7% in the prior year fourth quarter -- first quarter, excuse me. We continue to feel positive about the momentum of our BDA business for 2021. For many people, the pandemic has highlighted the importance of securing health and wellness plans that meet their individual needs. BDA provides education, communication and decision support tools that empower employers, employees and retirees to navigate the changing world of benefits.
 Overall, I'm very pleased with our results this quarter. We delivered strong overall financial performance with top line growth, margin expansion and EPS growth all while continuing to make progress against strategic initiatives and our proposed combination with Aon. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John, and good morning to everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us. First, I'd like to extend my appreciation to all our colleagues. We have asked a lot of our teams and our colleagues continue to pull together and deliver. I'm proud of all the work they have done to continue supporting our clients, each other, and the communities in which we work and live. We're off to a solid start this year. While we continue to face some headwinds from COVID-19 pandemic, we are reassured by the improved demand for our discretionary services and solutions and by our ability to generate profitable growth.
 We're pleased to see another quarter of solid revenue growth with underlying adjusted EPS growth, while free cash flow decreased and improved when normalized for certain significant litigation and compensation payments made this quarter. Now I'll turn to the overall detailed financial results.
 Income from operations for the first quarter was $452 million or 17.5% of revenue, up 290 basis points from the prior year first quarter income from operations of $360 million or 14.6% of revenue. Adjusted operating income for the first quarter was $579 million or 22.4% of revenue, up 110 basis points from $525 million or 21.3% of revenue in the prior year first quarter. For the first quarters of 2021 and 2020, our diluted EPS were $5.63 and $2.34, respectively, which included the $359 million gain on disposals. 
 For the first quarter of 2021, our adjusted EPS was up 9% to $3.64 per share as compared to $3.34 per share in the prior year first quarter. Foreign currency rate changes caused an increase in our consolidated revenue of $86 million or 4% of revenue for the quarter compared to the prior year first quarter with $0.12 tailwind to adjusted diluted EPS per share this quarter. 
 Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the first quarter was 11.5% versus 20% in the prior year. The current quarter tax rate was lower primarily due to the tax-exempt disposal of our Miller Business. Our adjusted tax rate for the first quarter was 20.5%, up nominally from 20.4% in the prior year.
 Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the first quarter with a strong capital and liquidity position with cash and cash equivalents of $2 billion and full capacity in our undrawn $1.25 billion revolving credit facility. We also successfully reduced our leverage profile by repaying $500 million of bonds outstanding during the quarter. Willis Towers Watson remains well positioned from a liquidity perspective. We aim to continue to maintain a strong and durable balance sheet and continue pushing forward on our cost savings and efficiency initiatives.
 As the economic recovery unfolds, we will continue to monitor the ever-evolving impact of the pandemic and are prepared to take appropriate measures as needed to preserve our financial position. Free cash flow was a negative $165 million compared to negative $43 million in the prior year. The decrease in the year-over-year free cash flow was due to the net legal settlement payments of approximately $185 million in respect to the previously announced Stanford and Willis Towers Watson merger settlement and higher incentive compensation and benefit-related items of approximately $180 million. 
 Absent these one-off items, free cash flow would have increased, more accurately reflecting our run rate improvements in working capital and cost containment efforts. We've made tremendous progress to improve our free cash flow in 2020, and we remain dedicated and focused on maintaining our progress in this area in 2021. In terms of capital allocation, in the first quarter of 2021, we paid approximately $92 million in dividends. We do not expect to repurchase any shares for the remainder of 2021, given certain prohibitions in the transaction agreement with Aon in connection with our pending business combination.
 Pension contribution to our qualified plans totaled $86 million in the first quarter, and we are currently projecting contributions of $126 million for 2021. As a general matter, COVID-19 pandemic did not have a material or adverse impact on our overall financial results in 2020 or in the first quarter of 2021. However, the pandemic did continue to impact revenue growth, particularly in some discretionary lines, and we expect the effects of COVID-19 on general economic activity may continue to negatively impact our revenue and results for the remainder of 2021. 
 The duration of the pandemic, the full magnitude of its economic impact and the subsequent speed of recovery remain unknown. In the meantime, we remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet, liquidity and financial flexibility. We are very pleased with these first quarter results. They are a direct reflection of our resilience and our continued focus on strategic priorities. Our first quarter results were very encouraging. We have momentum, solid financial results and a strong balance sheet and an excellent team, which gives me confidence in our ability to continue driving value for all our stakeholders. And now I'll turn the call back to John. 
John Haley: Thanks very much, Mike. And now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Greg Peters with Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: So I'll just ask 3 questions. And first, I realize you're bound by Irish takeover law, but I guess it might be professional malpractice if I don't ask you a merger question. Two parts of the merger question. You said in your comments, you're still expecting -- expect to close in the first half of '21, pending regulatory approval. I'm wondering if I'm not mistaken, the Phase 2 extension from the EC goes into July, so that would imply a second half potential regulatory approval. And the second piece on the merger is, I know you haven't commented on it, but the disclosures in the press suggest that you're going to exceed the revenue divestiture cap in the purchase document.  So I was just wondering if you could give us some color on those 2 items. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Thanks very much, Greg. So on the -- first of all, on the EC, I think their extension goes into July. That doesn't mean it has to run that long. It's still possible to close June 30 and be consistent with that extension. So no particular conflict there. And I'm sorry, what was the second question? 
Charles Peters: The second piece is on the divestitures. The leaks to the press given what we're hearing suggests that you might exceed the $1.8 billion revenue divestiture cap that's in the purchase document. And just trying to reconcile that if -- and your perspectives on that, to the extent you can comment on it? 
John Haley: Yes. Actually, as -- and you won't be surprised to hear that we're really not in a position to speculate on any potential divestitures. 
Charles Peters: Yes. I figured. Okay. Well, let's pivot to the producer retention comment that you made regarding CRB. And let's expand it. Can you just give us an update? I know from time to time, you have comment on employee retention in the past. Can you give us a sense of how the retention has stacked up through the first quarter? We have seen reports in the press of certain teams leaving. Just curious how the Willis franchise exists today versus where it was a year ago? 
John Haley: Yes. So a couple of things. Let me say, first of all, I think our -- when we look at our turnover, say rolling 12 months today compared to where it was a year ago, and I look at it segment by segment, it's pretty much about the same, maybe slightly improved, in general. The 1 segment that is up is BDA. And that's just a function of some of the expansion, I think, of TRANZACT, and we have a lot of turnover, a lot of turnover there. 
 But overall, our -- if I look at it segment by segment, our turnover is slightly improved. Now at the same time, every time a transaction like a big merger or acquisition gets announced, there are some people that decide they don't want to be part of the new organization. And certainly, we've seen that in some instances. But when we look at it in terms of the overall impact, it's not necessarily showing up as a big overall impact. But we can certainly point to isolated instances where that's happened. 
 Those are the kind of things we've seen happen before in this business, and we think we're prepared to deal with them, but it is something we continue to look at. 
Charles Peters: Got it. I guess the final question would be on free cash flow. I know you called out the Stanford cash payment settlement in the first quarter. If we exclude that and think about the full year, how are you feeling about free cash flow for 2021 after what was a phenomenal result in 2020? 
John Haley: Well, I'll maybe just give you a quick reaction from me, which is that I couldn't be happier with our cash performance in the first quarter. I thought we had a tremendous first quarter last year, and I think we did significantly better this year. So I was really pleased to see what happened. As Mike mentioned, we did have a couple of things that affected us this year compared to last year. But I see continued progress being made. But Mike, maybe you want to comment on that. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Thanks, John. And thanks for the question, Greg. Yes, I mean, we have put a lot of effort and a lot of focus to have repeatable processes and our colleagues and I'm working very hard and continuing to deliver, as John said, in terms of delivering that free cash flow. So although as you know, Greg, we are not giving any guidance. But nonetheless, we're very pleased with what's happened here for the first quarter. And as I say, I'm very, very proud and pleased with what the team continues to deliver. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question was going back to, you had mentioned some senior staff departures, right, within CRB, within Western Europe. And I guess tying that together with your response to Greg's question. In the past, what you said with mergers, right, there's always some type of kind of individuals that will choose to leave. Is that the only area, I guess, of your business where you noticed a more significant impact from some employees that might have left the organization? 
John Haley: I would have to say, Elyse, I think we've seen -- you might see half a dozen people leave here or half a dozen people leave there. And so you see some isolated ones. I think the Western Europe one was probably the most significant one we saw. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then as we think about -- you guys mentioned the impact of the economy due to COVID still having an impact on your business, right? But if we look on an overall basis for Willis Towers Watson, right, you guys were created on 4% organic revenue growth, which was an improvement from what we saw in the back 3 quarters of 2020. So would you expect just based over of the fact that vaccines are being rolled out, it looks like the economy will improve. Should we view the Q1 as kind of below bar for the year? And it sounds like there should be some tailwinds to your organic revenue that the other 3 quarters of 2021 should be better than what we saw in the first quarter? 
John Haley: Yes. I would say -- so first of all, we haven't given guidance. And the reason we haven't given guidance is because this is such a volatile environment, and it's hard to predict exactly what's going to happen. But I would say this, we feel better about the rest of the year today than we did when we entered 2021. And we also feel very good about our ability to grow with the market and to compete. So we're somewhat optimistic. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then some -- you were talking through expenses and margins. And it sounds like there was just kind of growth driving margin improvement as well as expense management throughout the different segments. It doesn't sound like there was anything one-off within your margins that we perhaps should think about not continuing, but was there anything COVID related? Or is it just kind of a good expense management quarter and we could think about that continuing from here? 
John Haley: Yes. I think the theme that Mike had touched upon was our colleagues throughout the organization embracing what we needed to do during COVID and responding. And we've seen them do that, and we do -- in general, we think these are things that are going to be ongoing. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank. 
Phil Stefano: So the growth in transactions continues to be fantastic. It's outpacing our expectations. And if I'm not mistaken, this is the first segment operating margin that was positive for BDA outside of a fourth quarter maybe ever. Can you talk about the extent to which transact is helping to drive that? And the extent to which growth can continue to lap the strong growth we saw last year? 
John Haley: Mike, do you want to? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Yes. We've really been very pleased with TRANZACT. If you go back when we announced TRANZACT, we were very excited about what they brought to the table in terms of their ability to serve the market. We saw it as a market that was very, very strong, and we had put out there in terms of organic revenue growth and as a pretty formidable view over the next several years in terms of what the CAGR growth rate was going to be and TRANZACT has exceeded it. 
 So as you said and rightly pointed out in terms of where the margin is in terms of improvement and positive for the first time, other than the fourth quarter happening, TRANZACT has been a big, big contributor of it. So I got to tell you, we see it as doing very well. We really like the transaction -- TRANZACT team. And what they continue to deliver, and we couldn't be happier with their performance. 
Phil Stefano: Okay. And so switching gears a bit and just going back to the potential merger with Aon, I understood that you don't want to comment on any potential divestitures, but maybe I'll comment this from a different angle. If I wanted to take a negative lens to view this at, I could argue that the divestitures in a regulatory approval scenario might be at a forced sale price.  It would be less than you would get in the market otherwise. And if I layer on top of that incentive comp retention awards, how do you think about these dynamics to get the deal done versus the fiduciary duty to maximize value for shareholders? 
John Haley: I mean, I think we always have in mind fiduciary duty to maximize value for shareholders. And when we're considering anything, whether it's acquiring a company, divesting a company or just running our business, so we -- that's one of our paramount consideration. 
Phil Stefano: And so maybe to press on this just a bit, and then I'll let it go. But is there a level of revenues and price that you could get for potential divestitures, at which this starts to feel like the deal doesn't make sense anymore for the Willis Tower shareholders? 
John Haley: Well, I mean, again, I don't want to speculate on things, but let me just address something as a theoretical matter. If you were told you had to give away businesses and couldn't get anything for them, of course, that would seem like that would not be a good thing for shareholders. So clearly, there's some price at which it occurs. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Suneet Kamath with Citi. 
Suneet Kamath: I wanted to ask another one on the pending merger. Can you talk about the client reaction to the deal? And obviously, it's been announced -- it's been out there for a year. Are you seeing any concerns around sort of concentration risk with the combined company from your clients? 
John Haley: Quite the contrary. Our clients are very excited about the possibilities that the new firm can bring to addressing unmet needs. And you may remember when Greg Case and I first announced this merger, what we talked about was the possibility for innovation, the possibility of the new firm being in a better position to address unmet client needs. Clients have responded quite enthusiastically about this. 
 And I would say, the fact of the matter is, the businesses we're in across the whole spectrum are all highly competitive businesses, and we don't see any concentration risk. 
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then on the $400 million retention payment that was part of the deal, is any of that being paid now, which could be impacting your level of attrition? 
John Haley: No. 
Suneet Kamath: So that's all once the deal closes? 
John Haley: Any retention payments are at the time the deal closes or after. 
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And just last one on that. Is there an element here where the retention payments are effectively being communicated to employees, but not being paid? 
John Haley: Oh, yes, of course. Yes. I mean you wouldn't have any retention effect if they didn't really know what they were getting. 
Operator: Your next question will come from Mark Marcon with Baird. 
Mark Marcon: John, I just want to start off by saying, we don't know if we're going to have a second quarter call, just given that this is going to end up closing prior. So first of all, congratulations going all the way back to the Watson Wyatt days for all the shareholder value that you've created over multiple decades. It's just been an incredible run. So I just wanted to start with that. Can you just talk a little bit about if there's -- if the client reaction has all been positive, who -- what are -- what would be the driver behind some of the objections that are out there, just broadly, theoretically? 
John Haley: Yes. So first of all, Mark, thank you very much for those kind words. It's been a pleasure to work with you over the years. And I am actually hopeful that this ends up being my last earnings call and that we closed June 30 as anticipated. So I think when regulators look at markets, they go and they talk to clients, they talk to other market participants, they talk to competitors, and they get a wide variety of comments from them. 
 Sometimes you could hear from a small minority of market participants and the regulators still put some emphasis on that. So there's lots of different ways that you could look at it and at least have the potential to ask some questions about it. But our experience -- and of course, we're probably going to hear from the clients that are the most enthusiastic about it, I get that. But our experience has been that clients are quite excited about the prospects of the combination. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And then can you just talk about -- so Gras Savoye, how big is that now just from a revenue perspective, roughly speaking? 
John Haley: Mike, you have the figure on that, don't you? 
Michael Burwell: John. Yes. So it's about -- think about it. I don't know, it's in the $400 million range, something in that range. 
Mark Marcon: Okay. And then Willis Re in the U.S., how do -- you wouldn't happen to have that? Would you, Mike? 
Michael Burwell: I don't think we've really disclosed that, Mark, and that kind of breakout, sorry. 
Mark Marcon: Would you have an estimation or... 
Michael Burwell: No, no. We just really -- sorry, Mark, we really haven't disclosed that. 
John Haley: Yes. I think, Mark, it's not that Mike doesn't know. It's that we just haven't disclosed that. 
Mark Marcon: Yes. I was just thinking this is a public forum. And obviously, it's -- I mean it's fairly obvious what I'm trying to get at, just because it does seem like we -- there are some press reports that we're going to be above the merger cap, and there's some that are -- that would suggest that maybe we're going to be below. And so I was just trying to triangulate on some of the pieces.
 Is there any comment that you can make just with regards to what seems realistic? Or what the next step? We're -- you've obviously got a long-term track record of success. You think about all of the possibilities. You didn't just -- you're obviously supersophisticated and all of your advisers are as well. So just -- it's hard to imagine that you haven't conceived of some of the possibilities that could come up or -- and some of the next steps to address those. 
 So just trying to think through like -- I mean, even if we're slightly above the merger cap, I mean, there would be a relatively easy reconciliation on that, wouldn't there? 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, I think, Mark -- so first of all, I think you're right, as we think about any of these things with our partners at Aon about whether we might -- whether there might be some remedies that we offer to regulatory authorities. As I said to an earlier question, we always have the best interest of the shareholders in mind and doing something that makes sense. But we've -- we really we're not in a position right now where we can just comment about any potential and certainly not about press reports, which are out there. And sometimes have some elements of truth, but a lot of times are wildly inaccurate. 
Mark Marcon: Got it. And just -- I mean, from a purely regulatory strategy perspective, does it make sense to think, okay, the EC was the first priority. Next up is the DOJ. And then after that, we go to some of the smaller countries. And if the DOJ and the EC are both on board, it's going to be hard to imagine that some of the smaller countries would end up proving to be decisive. Is that a reasonable way of think about it? 
John Haley: So -- yes. I would say that, certainly, the vast bulk of our business is in the EC, including the U.K. and the U.S. On the other hand, we have been meeting with and addressing regulators in jurisdictions throughout the world. And we're committed to working with all of them. We're committed to making sure they understand the transaction and why this is good for the competitive -- competition in the industry. And we're not  emphasizing necessarily one over the other, but it is true that the bulk of our business is in those 2 jurisdictions. 
Mark Marcon: Okay. And then, I mean, I imagine that TRANZACT is going better than anybody anticipated, say, 9, 12 months ago. When we take a look at the growth that we're seeing here and the possibilities going forward, I mean, what inning do you think we're in with regards to TRANZACT? And how powerful that could end up being? 
John Haley: Yes. So I think we had -- and Gene Wickes and Mike Burwell and I, when we were first looking at this. And Gene and Mike are the ones who really led the charge on TRANZACT, had lost the expectations and TRANZACT has performed way above our lofty expectations. So we couldn't be more pleased with how that has worked out. This is a very dynamic market. There's lots of, I think, growth opportunities. There's lots of potential changes, which could read down to the benefit of organizations like TRANZACT. 
 So we think we're in the early innings, second, third. I mean, this is -- there's a lot left to play out here yet, I think, Mark. 
Mark Marcon: Great. Congratulations to you, John. And also to Gene if he's listening and Mike and everybody else on the team. So congrats. Thanks. 
John Haley: Thanks very much, Mark. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, Mark. 
Operator: Your final question in queue will come from Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Two really brief questions, I think. One, John, can you quantify the impact on CRB and its organic growth from that transfer of Wholesale business? 
John Haley: Mike, you have that number, don't you? 
Michael Burwell: It's really immaterial, Meyer. Very small. 
John Haley: Yes. I think we talked about that on the last quarter. We said it was material for the Wholesale business, but immaterial for CRB. 
Michael Burwell: Immaterial for CRB. 
Meyer Shields: Yes. No, I just want to see whether that held up in the first quarter. Second question... 
John Haley: Yes. It does. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. Perfect. Can you sort of lay out the time line for when the Western European staff left and when the associated revenues kind of disappeared with that at the same time? Is there a lag? 
John Haley: It was the middle of last year sometime, I think, middle to late middle that folks left. But the revenue impact tends to be noticed a little more in the first quarter when you have a lot of the renewals. 
Operator: And we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to John Haley for closing remarks. 
John Haley: Great. Well, thanks very much, everybody. This is the time when I traditionally say, we look forward to updating you on our second quarter earnings in later this year. I'm actually hoping the transaction is closed, and we don't have that call. But if not, we do look forward to updating you then. Have a good day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-09 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to willistowerswatson.com for the press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next 3 months on Willis Towers Watson's website. 
 Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in the most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings. 
 During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. For reconciliations of non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. 
 I'll now turn the call over to John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead. 
John Haley: Thank you, and good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us on our fourth quarter 2020 earnings call. Joining me today is Mike Burwell, our Chief Financial Officer. Today, we'll review our results for the fourth quarter and for the full year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Our overall performance reflects the durability and resilience of our business model. In the fourth quarter, we continued to navigate through challenging economic conditions, and I'm pleased with our financial performance. While our revenue continues to be impacted by the pandemic, particularly in our discretionary lines of business in many of our core businesses, we continue to experience new business generation, strong client retention rates and increased operating leverage. We continue to reduce our controllable spending and improve our liquidity. We believe our resilience positions us well for the proposed combination with Aon and bringing together the best of both organizations to provide opportunities for clients, for colleagues and for shareholders.
 As we've continued to navigate through the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting economic conditions, our colleagues stood in solidarity, steadfast in their collaborative spirit across geographies and segments. They managed to achieve another year of solid financial performance. To all of our 46,000 colleagues around the globe, thank you for all of your hard work. We continue to be grateful for your resilience and your focus. 
 The ongoing dedication of our colleagues reflects the rich history of Willis Towers Watson. I'm extremely proud to have served this organization in various roles for the last 43 years. It's been a privilege to work alongside my esteemed colleagues and to build what is now Willis Towers Watson. With roots dating back to 1828, the company was formed with the goal of becoming a leading advisory, broking and solutions company. It's especially gratifying to know that almost 200 years later, the future of our business remains bright. 
 For this company to be even more relevant today than it was at its inception is an honor that few organizations experience. Remaining relevant over hundreds of years is not some serendipitous event. Remaining relevant requires hard work, a genuine desire to find solutions for the industries we serve and constant innovation. Willis Towers Watson's commitment to constant innovation is evident in part in the technology we develop for the insurance industry. Our solutions help both insured and insurers make more informed, data-driven decisions and make them faster. 
 For example, Connected Risk Intelligence, or CRI, is a platform which brings modern finance approaches to the corporate risk management decision process. Providing clients with the ability to optimize risk financing decisions by taking a portfolio approach allows for optimal risk retention and transfer decisions. This platform has been highly impactful for clients burdened by the hard market in COVID recession. CRI leverages a broad range of data sources and allows organizations to take advantage of insurance market inefficiencies. We also have a platform called core analytics, which consists of risk models, tools and rich data sources that enable deep dives into specific risks and provide insights into risk transfer and mitigation and decision-making. In addition, we have Radar Live, which is a fast, flexible and agile decision engine which allows prices, rules, adjustments, scores and other metrics developed in analytical models to be deployed by insurance companies directly to their pricing, underwriting and claim systems in real time. Software innovations like these become a launching pad for reaching underserved industries.
 Many industries sectors face unique risks that lack risk financing and risk mitigation solutions. Small to medium size enterprises in established as well as 
 emerging markets are particularly underserved. These assets can help underserved industries understand risks that dominate their concerns and quickly form strategies to protect themselves. When I think about the range of capabilities that Willis Towers Watson brings to the table to help the underserved and I consider Aon's own data analytics and differentiated software, I see a special opportunity to create a combined firm that we believe will make an even greater difference in the global economy. Underserved organizations often need greater support in controlling and protecting their organization from their main risks.
 As a combined firm, we believe our integrated data and advanced analytical capabilities will enable us to serve these industries and geographies, which we believe will allow these organizations to greatly improve the risk investment decision-making and their negotiating power with insurance market. In effect, we believe we will become capable of transforming these clients from buyers of risk to threat protection to sellers of risk. By blending the best of both firms, we can unlock our potential for the benefit of all our stakeholders. 
 So now let's move on to our fourth quarter results. Reported revenue for the fourth quarter was $2.8 billion, up 3% as compared to the prior year fourth quarter, up 1% on a constant currency basis and up 2% on an organic basis. And that's all despite having a difficult comparable in the prior year of 6% organic growth over the fourth quarter of 2019. Similar to last year, we experienced solid financial performance in areas where we have a well-established market position, mature relationships, and annuity or compliance driven business. We faced some headwinds in areas where our revenue was more dependent on discretionary project spending and where macroeconomic factors dampened markets. 
 Net income was $483 million, down 12% for the fourth quarter as compared to $551 million of net income in the prior year fourth quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $1 billion or 35.0% of revenue for the fourth quarter as compared to $930 million or 34.6% of revenue for the same period last year, representing a 4% increase on an adjusted EBITDA dollar basis and 40 basis points of margin improvement. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $3.66, a decrease of 12% as compared to the prior year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $5.23 for the fourth quarter, reflecting an increase of 7% compared to the prior year.
 Overall, it was a solid quarter. We grew revenue and adjusted earnings per share and had enhanced adjusted EBITDA margin performance. Reported revenue for the full year of 2020 increased 3% as compared to the prior year, increased 4% on a constant currency basis and was up 2% on an organic basis. This was against the prior year comparable of 5% organic growth over the full year of 2019. 
 So now let's look at each of the segments in some more detail to provide clear comparability with prior periods. All commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. Segment margins are calculated using segment revenue and exclude unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles, certain transaction and integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions, as well as other items which we consider noncore to our operating results. The segment results include discretionary compensation. 
 The Human Capital & Benefits, or HCB segment, was down 1% on an organic basis and down 2% on a constant currency basis compared to the fourth quarter of the prior year. This result represents sequential revenue improvement compared to our prior quarter. The Q4 segment revenue decline was driven primarily in our Talent and Rewards business. Talent and Rewards revenue decreased 5% as there was decline in compensation survey sales and an accelerated delivery of surveys that shifted revenue to Q3 this year compared to Q4 in 2019. Talent and Rewards experienced improving demand for our advisory services as we progressed through 2020. Our Health and Benefits revenue declined nominally for the quarter. We continue to grow revenue from global benefit management and local brokerage appointments outside of North America. However, this growth was offset due to a strong prior year comparable in North America. Retirement revenue was flat compared to the prior year, with somewhat reduced derisking activity in North America being balanced by increased administration work in North America and project consulting work in Western Europe and Great Britain.  Technology and Administration Solutions revenue increased 8%, primarily due to a nonrecurring event in the prior year's comparable.
 HCB's operating margin increased by 120 basis points compared to the prior year fourth quarter as a result of careful cost management efforts. We are really pleased with HCB's sequential improvement and strong margin growth. We remain confident about the long-term prospects of this segment. 
 Now let's look at Corporate Risk & Broking, or CRB, which had a revenue decrease of 1% on an organic and constant currency basis as compared to the prior year fourth quarter. North America's revenue was up by 7% in the fourth quarter, driven by new business and strong renewals across almost all lines. Revenue for Western Europe decreased 4% as the macroeconomic impact of COVID-19 put pressure on certain insurance lines, notably P&C. Great Britain and International's revenue declined 6% and 8%, respectively, for the fourth quarter. Their results were negatively impacted by a change in the remuneration model for certain lines of business. This change, which is neutral to operating income, results in lower revenue and an equal reduction of the salaries and benefits expense. Absent this change, Great Britain's and International's revenue declined modestly due to headwinds from onetime nonrecurring placements in the prior year in the construction and natural resource insurance lines, coupled with pressure on airline volume-driven commissions as departure volume remained low and premium returns are common. 
 CRB revenue was $888 million for the quarter with an operating margin of 32.3%, compared to $877 million of revenue with an operating margin of 30.3% in the prior year fourth quarter. The margin improvement was primarily driven by effective cost containment efforts. We're pleased with CRB's performance for the year, and we're looking forward to its future growth prospects. The pandemic and the hard insurance market have depleted the financial resilience of many organizations. Against this complex economic backdrop, CRB's global team of dedicated experts stand ready to partner with clients to help reimagine and rethink their approach to risk management. 
 Turning to Investment, Risk and Reinsurance, or IRR. Revenue for the fourth quarter was $292 million, an increase of 1% on an organic basis and a decrease of 9% on a constant currency basis as compared to the prior year fourth quarter. Reinsurance, with growth of 22%, continued to lead this segment's growth through a combination of net new business and favorable renewals. The growth was partially offset by declines in other businesses, with reduced demand for discretionary work having negatively impacted revenues in both the Insurance Consulting and Technology and Investments business, which were down 4% and 2%, respectively. The Wholesale business was down 17% on an organic basis. Although it's reported as organic, about half the decline was because we transferred Wholesale's special contingency risk business to the CRB segment in the fourth quarter. The remainder of the revenue decline was largely caused by COVID-19-related pressure on marine and insurance energy lines. As a reminder, we sold the Max Matthiessen in September 2020, and its revenue is not reflected in our quarter 4 results. 
 IRR had an operating margin of 11.0% as compared to 9.1% for the prior year fourth quarter, having thoughtfully reduced expenses to increase profitability. During this challenging time and extended period of uncertainty, IRR remains committed to helping clients navigate the changing landscape by focusing on their business priorities: capital strategy, operations, technology, risk and people. 
 Revenue for the Benefits Delivery & Administration, or BDA, segment increased by 16% on both a constant currency and organic basis from the prior year fourth quarter. The growth in revenue was largely driven by Individual Marketplace, primarily by TRANZACT, which contributed $279 million to BDA's top line this quarter, with growth in Medicare Advantage products. The Benefits Outsourcing business also contributed to the increase in revenue, which was largely driven by its expanded client base. The BDA segment had revenue of $693 million, with a 50.7% operating margin as compared to 52.4% in the prior year fourth quarter. The margin declined as TRANZACT's rapid growth outpaced the rest of the segment.
 We continue to be optimistic about the long-term growth of our BDA segment. The pandemic threated the well-being of people all over the globe. In this time of heightened stress and uncertainty, BDA empowers employees and retirees by providing easy access to the tools they need to understand their benefits options and to take control of their health care.
 Overall, I'm very pleased with our results this year. We delivered steady overall financial performance with modest margin expansion and adjusted EPS growth despite the lingering economic turmoil. Our colleagues showed great resilience in adapting and rising to the challenges 2020 brought, and I couldn't be prouder of how we came together to achieve these results.
 Now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John. And good morning, everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us. I'd also like to echo John's sentiments and extend my gratitude to our colleagues for another solid quarter and also to thank our clients for their continued support and trust in us in this challenging environment. I'm proud of our leadership, our colleagues and the overall resiliency that is demonstrated by our businesses.
 So now let's turn to our financial overview. In the fourth quarter, we continued to face some headwinds from COVID-19, but we are reassured by the demand for our services and solutions and by our ability to reduce discretionary expenses and to manage our cash. We were pleased to see another quarter of solid revenue growth with underlying adjusted EPS growth and outstanding free cash flow improvement.
 So now I'll turn to the overall detailed financial results. There are a couple of significant charges incurred in the fourth quarter that we consider noncore to our operations. In addition to the $45 million in transaction integration expenses primarily related to our pending combination with Aon, we also recorded a $50 million provision for significant litigation and $24 million of restructuring costs. The restructuring costs were incurred in connection with our assessment of our ongoing strategy in certain businesses. We realigned resources across different geographies and service lines, primarily within our Talent and Rewards business, to better prepare for future market demands. All of these noncore charges, the transaction integration expenses, the provision for significant litigation and the restructuring costs had a negative impact on our GAAP profitability measures for the fourth quarter and the full year. However, these charges were adjusted from our non-GAAP profitability measures for the same periods.
 Income from operations for the fourth quarter was $587 million or 21.2% of revenue, down 430 basis points from the prior year fourth quarter income from operations of $687 million or 25.5% of revenue. Adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter was $820 million or 29.7% of revenue, down 40 basis points from $809 million or 30.1% of revenue in the prior year fourth quarter. Income from operations for the full year 2020 was $1.2 billion or 12.6% of revenue, down 210 basis points over the prior year of $1.3 billion or 14.7% of revenue. Adjusted operating income for the full year of 2020 was $1.9 billion or 20.1% of revenue and down 20 basis points from the prior year of $1.8 billion or 20.3% of revenue.
 For the fourth quarters of 2020 and 2019, our diluted EPS was $3.66 and $4.18, respectively. For the fourth quarter of 2020, our adjusted EPS was up 7% to $5.23 per share as compared to $4.90 per share in the prior year fourth quarter. For the full years 2020 and 2019, diluted EPS was $7.65 and $8.02, respectively. For the full year 2020, adjusted EPS was up 7% to $11.70 per share versus $10.96 per share in the prior year. Foreign currency rate changes caused an increase in our consolidated revenue of $42 million or 2% of revenue for the quarter compared to the prior year fourth quarter, with $0.05 tailwind to adjusted diluted EPS this quarter. Foreign currency rate changes caused a decrease in our consolidated revenue of $10 million for the full year 2020 compared to the prior year, with a $0.01 headwind to adjusted diluted EPS overall for the year.
 I'd also like to note that our fourth quarter 2020 unallocated net expenses grew to $122 million from $57 million in the prior year fourth quarter. As we mentioned at our second quarter earnings call, this cost category relates to corporate functions and other budgeted -- unbudgeted costs that we don't directly allocate to this segments each quarter, including items such as true-ups on benefit and stock compensation expense accruals, incentive accrual adjustments and other items. In Q4, the year-over-year increase mostly relates to incentive accrual adjustments, as discretionary compensation increased alongside improved performance.
 Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the fourth quarter was 19.7% versus 18.3% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 17.8%, down from 19.4% rate in the prior year. For the full year, the U.S. GAAP tax rate was 23.8% for 2020 as compared to 18.8% for the prior year, while the adjusted tax rate was 20.8% compared to 20.3% for the prior year. The current year tax rate was higher as a result of enacted statutory tax rate changes in the U.K., requiring us to remeasure our U.K. deferred tax liabilities and recognize a discrete deferred tax expense of $11 million or $0.08 on an adjusted EPS basis from the third quarter of 2020. Excluding this nonrecurring item, our adjusted tax rate for all the full year would have been approximately 20%.
 Turning to the balance sheet. We ended the fourth quarter with a strong capital and liquidity position, with cash and cash equivalents of $2.1 billion and full capacity in our undrawn $1.25 billion revolving credit facility. Willis Towers Watson remains well positioned from a liquidity perspective. We aim to continue to maintain a strong and durable balance sheet and continue pushing forward our cost savings and efficiency initiatives. We continue to monitor the ever-evolving impact of the pandemic and are prepared to take appropriate measures as needed to preserve our financial position.
 Lastly, full year free cash flow almost doubled to $1.6 billion from $835 million in the prior year. This far exceeds the $1 billion we targeted as part of our original pre-COVID guidance that we gave during last year's fourth quarter earnings call despite also having paid approximately $7 million in cash-based transaction integration costs. The remarkable year-over-year growth in free cash flow is primarily due to improvements in working capital, coupled with our effective cost-containment efforts. The substantial increase in free cash flow is a testament to the hard work of our colleagues, who remain dedicated and focused on improving this performance in this area despite all the additional demands they were juggling in 2020.
 In terms of capital allocation for full year of 2020, we paid approximately $346 million in dividends. We do not expect to repurchase any shares in 2021 given certain prohibitions in the transaction agreement with Aon. Pension contributions to our qualified plans totaled $129 million in 2020, and we're currently projecting contributions of $132 million for 2021. We remain committed to deleveraging in the near term. In March, we will use on-hand cash to pay the $500 million in senior notes due. We will also use our cash to fund the $210 million of payments related to the settlement of Stanford and Willis Towers Watson merger-related litigations.
 Now as a general matter, the COVID-19 pandemic did not have a material adverse impact to our overall financial results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020. However, the pandemic did impact revenue growth, particularly in some discretionary lines, it was -- and we expect that the effects of COVID-19 on general economic activity will negatively impact our revenue results in 2021. The duration of the pandemic, the full magnitude of its economic impact and the subsequent speed of recovery remain unknown. In the meantime, we remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet, liquidity and financial flexibility.
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused considerable economic upheaval, but I'm very proud of our leadership team and the resolve of our colleagues in supporting our clients during these difficult times. These fourth quarter results are a direct reflection of the agility of our global model. Overall, we delivered solid financial performance in the fourth quarter, and I remain confident in our ability to continue driving value for all our stakeholders.
 I'll now turn the call back to you -- back to John. 
John Haley: Thanks very much, Mike. And now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] 
 Our first question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist. 
Mark Hughes: Yes. The cash flow outlook for 2021, I wonder if you could comment on that. You clearly did quite well this year. Are there going to be any sort of reversals or adjustments in 2021 that might restrain that free cash? 
Michael Burwell: Thank you for the question, Mark. We -- the team has worked very hard, obviously, in terms of the improvement on a year-over-year basis, and very proud of those actions. Obviously, I think we'll have some -- a little higher incentive compensation payments that will get paid out in 2021 from cash. But I think the similar level to where we are in 2020, we're not going to give guidance in terms of 2021. But we're very proud of the performance, and we'd like to believe that -- we'd like to continue to see that performance into the future. 
Mark Hughes: And then maybe just some details on TRANZACT. I wonder with the election ongoing, did the higher ad rates impact your growth there? And also, does having to hire agents remotely, did that lead to any operational challenges? 
John Haley: I mean I think the ad rates had an impact, although it was an impact that we had expected. In fact, we had alerted, I think, analysts to that coming up. I think the -- we certainly had to be flexible and adapt to the new environment with COVID, but I thought the team did a fantastic job of that, and that's why we had such great results. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. And John, maybe I would just add. Mark, just -- I would add one thing to John's comments there. I mean just a reminder, right, we acquired TRANZACT, so we only had 5 months of results in the prior year, and we had 12 months of results in the current year. And most of the revenue, obviously, falls in the open enrollment period in the fourth quarter. So that has an impact just in terms of the overall cost base that we had overall, in addition to John's comments. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, I was just wondering, from your side of things, John, you can just give us an update on the regulatory process. Expectation is for the transaction with Aon to close in the first half of the year. From where you're sitting, does everything seem on pace, given where you are in the U.S. as well as with European and overseas regulators to get this deal closed at some point by the end of June? 
John Haley: Yes. Thanks very much for the question, Elyse. And in March of last year, when we first announced this, we had said we expect it to close in the first half of the -- of 2021. And that's because this is a complex process and has filings required around the world. We are still on course to close in the first half of 2021. We still expect to meet that deadline. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. Then moving on within CRB, pretty strong growth, the team that's in North America. And then it sounds like some of the International and GB decline was due to change in this remuneration model. I think this is the second quarter you guys have pointed that out, correct me if I'm wrong, so should we be thinking about this having like an impact on the revenue within CRB in the first half of the year or like confusing that on a timing perspective? And then, I guess for the overall CRB, I think you gave us the International growth ex that impact, but the CRB segment in totality was down 1%. Where would it have been kind of excluding this accounting noise in the quarter? 
John Haley: Sure. Let me -- I'll let Mike go into some of the details on that, but let me just mention, I think you're right, this is the second quarter we talked about it in -- for 2020 results. Of course, we highlighted that in 2019 when we first made the change and when it had a very positive impact on our -- some of our results there. So we wanted -- we've captured it both times. But Mike, do you want to give the details on that? 
Michael Burwell: Sure, John. Elyse, so if you look at certain operations that we have, particularly in Russia, we had had a consolidated entity that we had included, and we had changed that remuneration to more of a independent process itself. And so you don't get the same revenue growth, but you just get the same profitability that's going on there in terms of the change. So it just had an impact on that revenue piece of the equation. 
John Haley: But I think the question, Mike, was the 2021 impact. 
Michael Burwell: Oh, the 2021, yes, I will -- I will not comment on projections or anything as it relates to 2021. It ought to be consistent with how we recorded it in '20, would be the accounting. 
Elyse Greenspan: So with CRB segment, it was down 1% in totality. Would the segment have been around flat with -- where would the CRB have been if we kind of adjusted for the accounting noise this quarter? 
Michael Burwell: I'm not sure I would look at it that way, Elyse. I guess what we looked at was we did see International and GB down overall. The accounting noise is just -- it didn't change the bottom line in terms of where we were. We just saw volumes down there a little bit on a year-over-year basis just in terms of onetime projects that we saw, but the account side of it didn't change the profitability or where we sat. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one last one on free cash flow. You guys obviously pointed out, $1.6 billion close Q, right, well in excess of the guidance. You guys have been spending many years working to improve the working capital generation of the firm. Is it just kind of seeing the fruits of the labor, right, that you guys put in over the last few years? Was there anything specific to 2020, or it just sounds like you guys -- everything you guys have been working on kind of came together, resulting in a big upside versus the initial guidance? Is there any other color you can provide? 
Michael Burwell: Well, thank you for the compliment, Elyse. I appreciate that. I think as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, our colleagues have worked extremely hard. And as you pointed out, I mean this has been an effort that's been going on for several years in terms of improvement around what we could do on working capital, and it's been a great team effort in terms of delivering those results. Also, I mean we have obviously focused on cost and cost management and cost containment, and that's had a favorability to some degree. When you're not traveling, et cetera, has a benefit to that. But overall, I got to say the majority of it has really been driven by our colleagues and what it is that they've done. So thank you for the comment. 
John Haley: And maybe just to put this in a little more context, Elyse, I think back to 2018 and the results we had then and where -- if we had been projecting then to 2020, we probably would have been at a projection of getting to around $1.5 billion with the kind of constant improvement we would have expected, and so we came even above what that was. But certainly, 2019 was a year that was a bit of a downturn for us in terms of free cash flow, but in terms of a longer run journey as to where we would've expected to be, we're now in the range we would have expected to be. As Mike said, we think we still have some improvement, but we're really pretty pleased with where we came out, and it's consistent with the longer run journey. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath with Citi. 
Suneet Kamath: I was hoping you could just give us a sense of, as we move through 2021, any sense around where you think organic growth could be? And in particular, I'm just curious on some of these discretionary businesses that you talked about facing some pressure. How quickly do you see that rebounding? 
John Haley: I think that is very dependent on the macroeconomic environment and how that develops. And frankly, there's a lot of variation in what we think could happen depending on whether there are new variants of COVID that cause new and more substantial lockdowns or whether the vaccines are relatively effective when we get them. So I think from our standpoint, what we're focused on, and this is one of the reasons why we're not giving guidance for 2021, what we're focused on is making sure we're as flexible and adaptive as we can be so that whatever happens, we can have a good result in 2021. 
Suneet Kamath: Okay. And then secondly, I wanted to pivot over to employee retention. One of your peers talked about a pretty significant level of hiring in the fourth quarter. And given the pending merger, I'm just wondering if you can give some color around what you're seeing, where employee retention levels are, maybe relative to history. Is there any big changes there? 
John Haley: Well, I think for -- if I look at for all of 2020, our turnover was lower in 2020 than it was in 2019. So I think it's running at about the kind of levels we have experienced, maybe a little bit below, for 2020. I think, as always, we're constantly focused on making sure that we have the right kind of employee value proposition, and that includes compensation and includes career opportunities. It includes exciting work for clients, but we try to make sure that we have a package that's second to none in the industry. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with Baird. 
Mark Marcon: Congratulations on the year, considering the environment, particularly on the free cash flow. Wondering -- just with regards to the merger, I know that you're limited in terms of what you can say. I appreciate that you laid out what the organizational table is going to look like. But just wondering, just what are the biggest hurdles that you can talk about in terms of going forward? And then there's obviously been a little bit of news just in the industry with regards to [ Willis to re ] and how we should think about that. Any comments that you could make there would be appreciated. And then that's based on, obviously, what's going on with the EC. Any changes that we should think about with regards to the new administration in the U.S. and some of the antitrust discussions that they've had? 
John Haley: So I think the biggest -- thanks for the question, Mark. The biggest and -- or the most immediate issue we have right now towards moving the transaction along is getting the regulatory approvals throughout the world to do that. And we are, as I said in response to an earlier question, we had targeted the first half of 2021. We're still on track for that. There's nothing that's happened that has made us think that, that -- we should change that time frame. So we're expecting to get there. Obviously, I can't get into any details about what's going on in the regulatory process. But we knew from the beginning it was a complex merger, and we expected the process to take from March of last year to sometime in the first half this year, and that looks like that's exactly what it will be. 
 I think after we get the approvals be, the key then is really focusing on making sure that the integration happens correctly and that we hit the ground running, both on day 1 and then in the time immediately after that. And so we've had very good teams working on that. The announcement of the top structure and the top positions on the Executive Committee was an important milestone in doing that. And we just need folks to continue to be focused on making sure that we design the company as best we can for success in the future. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And can you just talk a little bit about the reinsurance market and just how strong it is now and how people who are focused on the space would think about it over the next 12 to 24 months? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, Mark, I mean when you look at reinsurance, we're very pleased with the reinsurance results. We touched on the growth rate of 22% this quarter, and we look at it from an annual perspective. And looking at it, it's been a very strong performer overall. Obviously, we've had a pricing tailwind that's been helpful overall, but our colleagues there are really helping our clients and working hard in the marketplace. So we feel very pleased with that business, the leadership and the performance in terms of where it's been delivering. And we're very pleased in terms of how it's measured up versus the marketplace. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Stefano with Deutsche Bank. 
Phil Stefano: Probably a quick one or two on numbers questions, then maybe a more philosophical one. In the IRR business, you had mentioned that you transferred a -- the wholesale specialty contingency risk business to CRB. I -- can you help us understand how much of an impact that was or what the dollar amount was? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So I'm glad -- it's -- it was impactful to the wholesale business overall, but to CRB, it was immaterial, very small. 
Phil Stefano: Okay. And for the unallocated business, I appreciate the comments, but we've seen some volatility out of that. And at least for me, it's a number that I've struggled with. I mean how can we think about this directionally? Or any framework to help us understand kind of what a normalized or "run rate" corporate expense item or allocation could be? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean obviously, I think when you look at 2020, it's been an unusual year when you think about it. And so what do you have going on in that line item, you have a couple of things. So one, as I said in my prepared remarks, I mean for -- you saw some additional compensation, in particular, incentive compensation that was included in that line item. Also on COVID-19, you had vacations or people weren't taking all their vacations, so we had a little bit of additional vacation amounts that we had to record in there, and we had some earn-out arrangements overall. So I would look back to prior years in terms of looking at it, but 2020 was an unusual year. So hopefully, that gives you some color in terms of what's actually happening in that line item. 
Phil Stefano: Okay. And then the last one, John, in listening to Aon management talk about the combined entities, it feels like there's an expectation of an acceleration of organic growth from your business. And I was hoping you could talk about what do you see in this better together scenario post the merger that could drive organic growth potentially better than you've been able to do on your own? 
John Haley: Yes, thanks for that question. So I think when we think about the rationale for the merger, I would sum it up in one word, and that's innovation. And I think both Willis Towers Watson and Aon share the view that innovation is needed in our industry, that our industry is not helping clients address a large portion of the risks that they face and that we need to develop better solutions and better products to help them address that. And so the whole notion of why we think we'll be better together is what we can deliver in innovation, and it will be in things like how do we address long tail events like pandemic. It'll be in things like cyber. It will be in things like climate change. Both Aon and Willis Towers Watson are addressing each of these individually, but combined, we think we'll be able to develop solutions that'll have much bigger impact in the global economy. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Great. So two, I think, maybe fairly small questions. First, can you help us think through the impact of a weaker dollar relative to the pound on margins in CRB and IRR? 
Michael Burwell: Sure. I mean when we look at it, we have, obviously, a fair amount of expenses that are denominated in pounds. But I would say we have a fair amount that are in euros as well, Meyer. So I think you got to -- you really need to look at our overall view of that. As we look out to the -- as we reflected on our numbers on the current year, you go back and say, okay, for the fourth quarter and you look at what the currency fluctuations where it had $0.05 impact on our EPS for the quarter and $42 million in terms of impact on revenue. So I think you know our Q1 and Q4 are our largest quarters, so I think that gives you a pretty good framework to think about from an FX standpoint in terms of its impact to the company. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. Yes. No, it certainly does directionally. And then second, I guess it's been a while, I was just looking for an update on telematics consulting. As we see other companies looking to offer the same sort of services, I was hoping you could just give us an update on how Towers Watson's business is doing that. 
Michael Burwell: Meyer, could you just repeat your -- I didn't hear the -- I got cut off -- or what the actual business unit was that you reflected in terms of consulting? 
Meyer Shields: I'm sorry. Telematics consulting for personal auto insurers. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean I think we're -- to my knowledge, we're not really doing that in a lot of detail these days. We really got out of that business, to be fair, so I guess my answer would be nothing. 
Operator: And in the interest of time, I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. John Haley for closing remarks. 
John Haley: Okay. Great. Well, listen, thanks very much, everyone, for joining us, and we look forward to updating you on our results on the next call. Have a good day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-10-29 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to the willistowerswatson.com for press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next 3 months on Willis Towers Watson's website.
 Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements, unless required by law.  
 For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should refer to the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued today -- this morning, as well as other disclosures in the most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson's SEC filings. 
 During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. For reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website.  
 I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead. 
John Haley: Okay. Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our third quarter 2020 earnings call. Joining me today is Mike Burwell, our Chief Financial Officer. 
 In the third quarter, we continued to navigate through challenging economic conditions. Nevertheless, I'm pleased with our financial performance. While our revenues continue to be impacted by the pandemic and the lockdown, particularly in our discretionary lines of business, our overall performance reflects the durability and resilience of our business model. 
 In many of our core businesses, we continue to experience new business generation, strong client retention rates and increased operating leverage. We continue to reduce our controllable spending and improve our liquidity through prudent cash flow management.  
 As we navigate through the COVID-19 lockdown and the resulting economic conditions, the well-being of our colleagues, clients and communities remains at the forefront. It has been an arduous but transformative year. 
 With great changes come new opportunities for growth, which is why we continue to be excited about the proposed Aon and Willis Towers Watson combination. COVID-19 has highlighted deficiencies in the way the world approaches people, risk and capital issues, and we believe our combination with Aon will allow us to more proactively support our clients in developing solutions to problems that are inadequately managed today. 
 COVID-19 has shown the world that the widespread cost of extreme events far exceeds the upfront cost of prudent preparatory measures. Climate risk is one such area where we see protection gaps and building greater resilience is critical. Similar to the COVID-19 pandemic, climate change will challenge many countries with the potential for profound socioeconomic destructions, highlighting the critical need for more efficient, risk-informed investment decision-making to help save lives and economies from the foreseeable shocks in the years and decades ahead.  
 I'm proud of the work that Willis Towers Watson has done to get ahead of the curve on climate risk. As I announced in the fall of 2019, we're a founding member of the Coalition for Climate Resilient Investment, or CCRI. The CCRI is a public-private coalition of institutional investors, banks, insurers, rating agencies and governments, and it was launched last year to produce solutions facilitating the integration of climate risk into investment policy.  
 Our work on climate has involved multiple businesses and geographies. To focus our efforts, we introduced Climate Quantified at The World Economic Forum meeting in Davos earlier this year. This is galvanizing our work in helping organizations navigate climate risk. For example, we're working with a large financial institution to assess the exposure of asset portfolios to climate change. We've also been developing approaches to risk transfer, such as parametric insurance, which we believe enable protection against unpredictable but potentially devastating risks, protection that was previously unthinkable with traditional insurance.  
 Willis Towers Watson is not a newcomer on this topic. In response to growing demand for our climate services and capabilities, we established the Climate and Resilience Hub, which sits within the Investment, Risk & Reinsurance segment. Climate has been at the core of our research agenda for the last 15 years, well before this made the headlines. Climate has also been an integral component of the investment business research efforts, including those of our Thinking Ahead Institute. 
 Overall, we've invested over $50 million over the last decade to support open climate and natural hazard research in partnership with institutions such as the National Center for Atmospheric Research, Columbia University, the National University of Singapore and Newcastle, Cambridge and Exeter universities. We continue to drive momentum on client resilience during this year's annual Climate Week in New York City.  
 The annual Climate Week presented an opportunity for the company to promote resilience and sustainability, showcase global climate action and maintain the critical momentum needed to manage climate risk. We also had the honor of participating in the World Economic Forum's Sustainable Development Impact Summit, contributing towards important initiatives that will accelerate sustainability and resilience.  
 The COVID-19 pandemic has dramatically highlighted what happens when countries and businesses do not prepare for long-term resilience and instead prioritize short-term considerations. Progress has been too slow in closing the protection gaps that exist. As we cited in our recently released white paper, both Aon and Willis Towers Watson share a strong commitment to helping clients navigate their most complex challenges. 
 We're eager to bring new and innovative solutions to our clients, to help them meet their evolving needs and address global problems like climate risk. We believe our combined firm will have the capacity to take progressive action and implement systemic change that will have both immediate and long-term impact in 4 key areas: navigating new forms of volatility, building a resilient workforce, rethinking access to capital and, of course, addressing the underserved.  
 So let's move on to our third quarter results. Reported revenue for the third quarter was $2 billion. That's up 1% as compared to the prior year third quarter, flat on a constant currency basis and down 1% on an organic basis. Reported revenue included $17 million of positive currency movement. 
 Similar to the last quarter, we experienced solid financial performance in areas where we have a well-established market position, mature relationships and annuity or compliance-driven businesses. We faced some headwinds in areas where our revenue is more aligned to discretionary project spending. 
 Net income was $122 million, up 53% for the third quarter as compared to $80 million of net income in the prior year third quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $382 million or 19% of revenue as compared to the prior year adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter of $344 million or 17.3% of revenue. That represents an 11% increase on an adjusted EBITDA dollar basis and 170 basis points of margin improvement.  
 For the quarter, diluted earnings per share, which included a gain on the sale of Max Matthiessen were $0.93, an increase of 60% as compared to the prior year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.33 for the third quarter, reflecting an increase of 2% compared to the prior year. Overall, it was a solid quarter, we grew revenue and adjusted earnings per share and had enhanced adjusted EBITDA margin performance.  
 Now let's look at each of the segments in some more detail. To provide clear comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. Segment margins are calculated using segment revenue and exclude unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles, certain transaction and integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions, as well as other items which we consider noncore to our operating results. The segment results do include discretionary compensation. 
 The Human Capital & Benefits or HCB segment revenue was down 2% on an organic and constant currency basis compared to the third quarter of the prior year. That's primarily as a result of a decline in demand in our Talent and Rewards business. Talent and Rewards revenue decreased 9%, with the economic turmoil related to the COVID-19 lockdowns adversely impacting workforce dynamics at many companies and dampening the need for advisory work globally.  
 Our Health and Benefits revenues increased 1% for the quarter. We experienced strong client retention in North America, alongside new global benefit management and local brokerage appointments outside North America. Retirement revenue was flat compared to the prior year, with reduced derisking activity in North America being balanced by increased funding in GMP equalisation work in Great Britain.
 Technology and Administrative Solutions revenue declined in Western Europe and International, primarily as a result of nonrecurring project work that had enhanced the prior year's results. Despite the pressure on revenue, HCB's operating margin decreased by only 30 basis points compared to the prior year third quarter as a result of careful cost management efforts. 
 We remain confident about the long-term prospects of our HCB segment. Work environments have changed dramatically this year, forcing many companies to rethink their approach to work and rewards. HCB there is to help clients make the tough decisions needed to unlock their organizational resilience and push forward. 
 Now let's look at Corporate Risk & Broking or CRB, which had a revenue decrease of 1% on an organic and constant currency basis as compared to the prior year third quarter. North America's revenue was down by 4% in the third quarter. This was mainly a result of a tough comparable from the prior year, which benefited from the one-off sale of a book of business. Revenue for International and Western Europe increased 3% and 4%, respectively, driven by new business and strong renewal. 
 Great Britain's revenue declined 2% for the third quarter. Great Britain's results were negatively impacted by a change in the remuneration model for certain lines of business. This change, which is neutral to operating income, results in lower revenue and an equal reduction in salaries and benefits expense. Absent this change, Great Britain's revenue increased by 2%, primarily from strong performance across most lines of business, including Financial Solutions and FINEX. 
 CRB revenue was $649 million for the quarter with an operating margin of 12.5% compared to $651 million of revenue with an operating margin of 12.4% in the prior year third quarter. The margin improvement was due to top line growth, coupled with cost containment efforts. 
 CRB combines research, data and strategic insight to address our clients' most complex risk challenges. Companies must constantly adapt to today's ever-changing business landscape, and we believe CRB is well positioned to provide solutions that keep pace with our clients' evolving needs. 
 Turning to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance, or IRR. Revenue for the third quarter was $331 million, an increase of 3% on an organic basis and flat on a constant currency basis as compared to the prior year third quarter. Reinsurance with growth of 7% continued to lead the segment's growth through a combination of net new business and favorable renewals. Insurance Consulting and Technology revenue was up 1%, mainly from technology sales. 
 Investment revenue increased 4%, with continued expansion of the delegated investment services portfolio. Max Matthiessen revenue increased primarily from increased commission income. As a reminder, we sold the Max Matthiessen business in the third quarter and they will not be included in our Q4 results. Our wholesale business was down 12% on an organic basis, with pressure across all lines and lower investment returns. 
 IRR had an operating margin of 8.6% as compared to 9.3% for the prior year third quarter. We continue to feel good about IRR's momentum. IRR's portfolio of offerings provides organizations with information needed to understand their risk and how it affects capital and their financial performance. Advising clients through these turbulent times continues to be IRR's core focus. 
 Revenue for the Benefits Delivery & Administration, or BDA segment, increased by 26% on a constant currency basis and increased 6% on an organic basis from the prior year third quarter. The growth in revenue was primarily driven by TRANZACT, which contributed $96 million to BDA's top line this quarter. 
 The Benefits Outsourcing business also contributed to the increase in revenue, which was largely driven by its expanded client base. The BDA segment had revenues of $226 million with a minus 5.3% operating margin as compared to minus 11.9% in the prior year third quarter. The margin improvement was primarily driven by the top line growth. 
 We're optimistic about the long-term growth of this business. The pandemic has threatened the well-being of people all over the globe. In this time of heightened stress and uncertainty, BDA empowers employees and retirees by providing easy access to the tools they need to understand their benefit options and to take control of their health care. 
 Overall, I'm pleased with our progress. We delivered steady overall financial performance with modest margin expansion and adjusted EPS growth, despite the lingering economic turmoil. 
 So now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John, and good morning to everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us. I'd like to extend my gratitude to our colleagues for another solid quarter as well as thank our clients for their continued support and trust in us through this challenging environment. I'm proud of our leadership, our colleagues and our overall resiliency demonstrated by our businesses. 
 Now let's turn to our financial overview. In the third quarter, we continued to face some headwinds from the COVID-19 pandemic, but we are reassured by the demand for our services and solutions, and by our ability to reduce discretionary expenses and to manage our cash. We were pleased to see another solid quarter of profitability with underlying adjusted EPS growth and remarkable free cash flow growth. 
 Now I'll turn to the overall detailed financial results. I'll start with income from operations. Income from operations for the third quarter was $73 million or 3.6% of revenue, down 180 basis points from the prior year third quarter income from operations of $107 million or 5.4% of revenue. Adjusted operating income for the third quarter was $238 million or 11.8% of revenue, up 20 basis points from $231 million or 11.6% of revenue in the prior year third quarter. 
 The third quarters of 2020 and 2019, our diluted EPS were $0.93 and $0.58, respectively. For the third quarter of 2020, our adjusted EPS was up 2% to $1.33 per share as compared to $1.31 per share in the prior year third quarter. Foreign exchange had a $0.03 impact on EPS for the third quarter. 
 Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the third quarter was 27.6% versus 20.4% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 30%, up from 22.2% rate in the prior year. The current quarter effective tax rate was higher as a result of the enacted statutory tax rate changes in the U.K., requiring us to remeasure our U.K. deferred tax liabilities and recognize a discrete deferred tax expense of approximately $11 million or $0.08 per share during the 3 months ended September 30, 2020. 
 Turning to the balance sheet. As the COVID-19 situation continues to evolve, I believe that we are well prepared to navigate the uncertainty that lies ahead. We ended the third quarter with a strong capital and liquidity position, with cash and cash equivalents of $1.6 billion and full capacity on our undrawn $1.25 billion revolving credit facility. We had no borrowings under our credit facility during the quarter. Our debt to adjusted EBITDA has improved from 2.7 at 9/30/2019 and 2.4 at 12/31/2019 to 2.3 at 9/30/2020. 
 Willis Towers Watson remains well positioned from a liquidity perspective. We aim to continue to maintain a strong and durable balance sheet and continue pushing forward our cost and efficiency initiatives. We continue to monitor the ever-evolving impact of the pandemic and we're prepared to take appropriate measures as needed to preserve our financial position. 
 For the third quarter of 2020, our free cash flow was $473 million versus $262 million in the prior year, bringing our year-to-date free cash flow to $1 billion, an increase of 130% from $445 million for the first 9 months of the prior year. The year-over-year improvement in free cash flow is due to a combination of prudent working capital management and a disciplined approach to managing spend. 
 In terms of capital allocation, we paid $259 million in dividends and did not repurchase any shares in the 9 months ended September 30, 2020. As a reminder, given certain prohibitions in the transaction agreement in connection with our pending business combination with Aon, we do not expect to repurchase any shares during the remainder of 2020. 
 As a general matter, the COVID-19 pandemic did not have a material adverse impact to our overall financial results for the third quarter of fiscal 2020. However, the pandemic did impact revenue growth, particularly in some discretionary lines, and we expect the effects of COVID-19 on general economic activity could negatively impact our revenue results for the remainder of 2020 and beyond. 
 The duration of the pandemic, the full magnitude of its economic impact and the subsequent speed of recovery remain unknown. In the meantime, we remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet, liquidity and financial flexibility. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has caused considerable economic upheaval, but I'm very proud of the leadership team and resolve of our colleagues in supporting our clients during these difficult times. These third quarter results are a direct reflection of the agility of our global model. Overall, we delivered a solid financial performance in the third quarter, and I remain confident in our ability to continue driving value for all our stakeholders. 
 I'll now I'll turn the call back to John. 
John Haley: Thanks, Mike. And now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Paul Newsome with Piper Sandler. 
Jon Paul Newsome: So obviously, the theme today with brokers is the excellent margin control that everyone's had. Any thoughts as we get into the next quarter or beyond about -- just if you'll have to increase the -- about the spending just because hopefully things are getting a little bit back to normal again? 
John Haley: Yes. So I think, look, we expect that situation is going to evolve and change during, say, 2021, but I think we really don't know exactly how it's going to evolve. I think we know it's going to be different than it is today, but we don't think it's going to go back to where it was prior to COVID-19 also. 
 To the extent we have some more expenses, say, travel and entertainment, things like that, we'll only be undertaking them when they're justified by generating the extra revenue. So while we expect expenses to increase, we're going to try to do that only where we also have the corresponding revenue increases. 
Jon Paul Newsome: Great. And then a completely different question. Obviously, we're looking at a changing political environment, well, with the ACA possibly being affected by a [ coverage ], any thoughts on that business and the outlook, just given the changing regulatory environment? 
John Haley: No. I mean I think what we would say is we think that the services that we provide -- I talked at the end of my remarks about how the -- particularly the services we provide in BDA let employees and individuals take control of their benefits and their health care. And I think that's a theme that you see around the world. Whatever way politicians or the particular methods they use for providing health care, they want individuals to be in charge of their own health care and take responsibility for it. And so we feel pretty good about the services we provide. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question on CRB, you guys pointed to a one-off sale in North America. I think you gave the impact of Great Britain, the one-off item there that the GB piece would have been up 2%. What would all of CRB have done in the quarter if we adjust for the onetime in North America and in Great Britain? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, Elyse, I mean, we would have been a slight -- we have been flat overall to a slight increase. It's kind of really where we would have been for the quarter. Obviously, when we look at the quarter, overall, we look at the year-to-date results. And when we look at that, we feel like we're operating pretty favorably in comparison to the market. And so that's kind of how we think about it. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Great. And then wholesale, I think I heard you guys say that, that was down 12% within IRR. I know you guys, right, there's been -- it's been disclosed, right, about the potential sale of Miller, I'm not sure if that had an impact. Or if we can just get a little bit more color on what you saw within wholesale and is anything there kind of onetime to the Q3. And how we should think about the trajectory of that business from here. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So when we look at Miller overall -- thank you for the question, Elyse. One of the things that happens with Miller is they insure a lot of events, and in particular sporting events. And so obviously, there's been a lot of those that haven't transpired or been put on hold. And so that's what we really saw in terms of driving the reduction in revenue growth for the quarter. Now we continue to evaluate strategic alternatives, as we said, for Miller. Miller has been a very strong and performing business for us, but that's the direct reason of why the decline in Miller for the quarter. 
Elyse Greenspan: Is the sporting event more pronounced to the Q3 than other quarters? Or would that be even throughout the year? 
Michael Burwell: No, it's a little bit more in the Q3. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then my last question on the tax rate, you pointed to -- I think there was a U.K. statutory change that led to the elevation in the quarter. Is there any impact on your go-forward tax rate? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So just to repeat back, Elyse, yes, so we did -- the U.K. did raise their statutory rate by 2%. As I said, it had a $11 million -- approximately $11 million impact on our tax calculation for the quarter in terms of setting that up on our deferred tax liabilities. But also, we could not adjust for that on a onetime basis, so that had $0.08 impact into our results for the quarter. So -- and then for the year, we will -- it will have a slight impact for us thinking about the year, but nonetheless, not -- within a -- think about it within roughly a 1% kind of number for the year. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then if I can just shove one more in. The free cash flow is $1 billion year-to-date. That had obviously been a major focus of Willis Towers Watson. I know you guys pulled all of your guidance at the start of COVID like most other players in the space. But that was your free cash flow target for the year. So obviously, you guys have hit that 1 quarter ahead of time. Anything specific to the free cash flow conversion for the past couple of quarters? Or has it just been kind of blocking and tackling in all the things that you guys have focused on in terms of payables and receivables to really drive that conversion up? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, Elyse. So thank you for pointing that out. It's really the effort by our colleagues. Our colleagues have worked extremely hard on this. Overall, as we have -- as a collective group, as a leadership team in terms of driving and focus on this. So as you know, it has been something a topic of conversation that's happened historically. We've continued to focus on how it is that we manage our relationships with our clients, doing the right things in the face of the pandemic. But equally been very focused on making sure that we have the right terms and we collect our cash appropriately. And so -- as well as pay appropriately. 
 And so all those things factored into our continued focus on it. And it's -- we're proud that we -- where we sit through the third quarter, and we'll look to continue to deliver as we move forward in the fourth quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: My first question would be just an update on the merger. Can you talk about the role of the U.K. regulator on your merger process, especially in the context of Brexit? And do you still anticipate minimal disposals? 
John Haley: Yes. So look, Greg, thanks for the question. Unfortunately, we can't comment on any specific approvals obtained or still outstanding. There are several global antitrust filings that are required in connection with the proposed transaction and the specific process varies by jurisdiction. But I can tell you, we are still planning to submit all of our antitrust filings in required jurisdictions. And we're still expecting to have all clearances in the first half of 2021. 
Charles Peters: Got it. The second question, so I was looking just at the consolidated income statement, I think it's on Page 15 of your press release. And it's clear that the operating -- other operating expenses are down. I think that's just a reflection of your tight control over T&E. But I was struck by the salary and benefits line, which as a percentage of the revenue inched up. I think it was like 64.5% last year. And then this year, it's above 66%. 
 So can you walk us through, maybe on a consolidated basis and maybe at the segment level, why salary and benefits as a percentage of revenue is running higher in the third quarter this year than it did the third quarter last year? 
Michael Burwell: Sure, Greg. So thank you for the question. In terms of looking at S&B, we obviously have -- bring the right talent on board is important for each of our businesses. And in particular, when you look at the growth that we've had in our BDA segment specifically, we've brought on more talent in that particular business overall. Obviously, we have -- think about our overall incentive compensation numbers in terms of -- that we accrue on a year-over-year basis in terms of thinking about it. So we -- it is just a function of the people and our drive associated with it. 
 We looked at impacting resources overall as a decision of last resort. Not that we wouldn't impact people, but that was a decision of last resort. And so our colleagues have bonded together to drive cost benefits out. And we, as a leadership team, have been really managing that line the best that we can. Yes, it's up slightly, in my mind, in comparison to the prior year, but we've been able to offset a heck of a lot of other costs through that. And we have -- just cut that off immediately with the level of talent that you continue to bring into the organization in terms of what that looks like. So... 
John Haley: Yes. And maybe I'll just add that, I think, Greg, we've -- we're looking to try to get to an incentive compensation for this year that is around the same as we were last year. Although the actual way we accrue that by quarter sometimes varies a little bit. And I think we did accrue more this quarter than we did the same quarter last year. We're still looking to get to around the same bonus pool. I mean ideally, we'd like to even have it be slightly better, but we're looking to get to around the same bonus pool as we had last year. We also have some headwinds from stock compensation as we get charges for that as the stock price goes up. 
Charles Peters: Got it. Just my final -- I know you threw in a comment around TRANZACT and you're in the annual enrollment period for that business right now. Can you give us an update from where you sit on how that business looks to grow in the fourth quarter this year? 
John Haley: Well, I mean, it's too early for us to say anything about what the fourth quarter is going to be like this year. I think that's really just beginning. But overall, as I think we've said on the prior calls, too, we're very excited about this business. I think we were incredibly enthused when we were able to acquire TRANZACT and fold it into Willis Towers Watson, and we're even more enthused about the business today. So we feel pretty good about the long-range prospects here. And we think it's a perfect fit with the rest of the organization. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with Baird. 
Mark Marcon: Congrats on the free cash flow, that was really great to see. Wondering, you're not giving us any guidance for the fourth quarter, but I'm wondering if you can just talk across the different segments, HCB, CRB, IRR and BDA, just in terms of what you were seeing as the quarter unfolded in terms of new business development efforts. And how that may potentially end up impacting the fourth quarter and a little bit beyond that just because there's obviously a lag between when new engagements are signed and they actually turn into revenue. And then also, if you could tell us what the impact would be with Max Matthiessen in terms of that being disposed. 
John Haley: Yes. So I'll let Mike go through and give us some thoughts about the new business. But let me just make one comment at the beginning. As we -- we're not giving any guidance because in today's -- with today's world, it's just so hard to know how things are going to impact from 1 quarter to another. 
 I will note, though, that last year, the fourth quarter of 2019 was an extraordinarily good quarter for us, and so we're facing a tough comparable in that fourth quarter. But as I had referenced in response to an earlier question, we're still looking to try to get to about the same results as we had last year. But Mike, do you want to go run through this? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, John, thanks. And Mark, I mean -- again, under the -- we're not -- the fourth quarter hasn't happened. I'm not giving guidance, but just giving you some sense. 
 Our HCB business, as John referenced in his prepared remarks to it, our retirement business, we're very pleased with its performance in terms of it serving the marketplace, and we continue to be very pleased with where it's performing in the context of a very difficult economic environment. 
 Our Talent and Rewards business is going to continue to be -- you got discretionary spending that's out there. And so frankly, it's performed better than we expected, to tell you the truth, given where it had previously been when we look back in the financial crisis, on our Talent and Rewards business, and how well that group has done overall. 
 H&B, we talked about it this quarter, having 1% growth. We continue to believe H&B will continue to perform well. And so -- and that business is very focused on managing its cost appropriately. And so that's kind of how we think about our -- that business. The only other one I commented on is our TAS business. And as John said in his prepared remarks, we had a very -- on a year-over-year basis, we had a very large project that transpired in the prior year. We didn't have it in the current year, and that will continue to have some impact as it looks at the fourth quarter. But again, from an overall margin standpoint, the group has done a very good job in managing its costs overall. 
 On CRB, the CRB team, when we look at its revenue growth and we adjust for the question that Elyse asked, just in terms of prior year sales, we're pleased with where CRB sits on a year-to-date basis. And when we look at its growth trajectory, we believe that it will -- should perform at market levels, and we don't see any reason why it won't. And the group, again similar to the HCB comments, been very focused on managing its margins properly and cost management, and we don't see anything different from that leadership team in terms of what it is that they're doing. 
 When I look at our IRR business, obviously, we've divested Max. We will -- in terms of its -- we think it's a very good time to divest of Max. It's a very good business, and we think it will continue to thrive under its new ownership structure, but it's been a great business for us. And -- so we'll have -- obviously have that out in the fourth quarter. 
 Our reinsurance business, its growth is 7%. When we compare that to others, we believe that's at -- if not market-leading, at least at the comparable basis to the marketplace overall. 
 On our ICT business, in terms of the group, continues to do very well. They've got some tremendous talent in that business and continue to improve on their technology sales overall. Our investment business increased this quarter 4%. Continued expansion in the delegated investment services. We're very pleased with their performance and what they've continued to do in very, very tough market conditions. 
 And as I said, our wholesale business was down and we really believe that was a direct link back to the canceled sporting events, events overall, in particular sporting events. And we've seen these kinds of rebounds happen in -- as it relates to the wholesale business. So we will wait and see. I'm not giving any projections there, but we're very pleased with that management team and their ability to be able to deliver, if you look at historical -- their historical ability to deliver. 
 If we go to our BDA business, I think John really covered that in his comments earlier. Overall, we're very pleased with BDA. And obviously, all the action is going to happen here in the fourth quarter, given the open enrollment period of time. So we'll continue to watch that. But very, very pleased with that team in terms of what it is they're doing. 
 So tried to give you a little bit more color, Mark, as much as possible in thinking about those businesses. But as John said in his comments earlier, we're going to manage cost effectively. We will spend where it's appropriate to drive revenue growth. And our management team as well as all our colleagues are very focused on that objective in delivering for all stakeholders. 
John Haley: And maybe I would just add 2 quick things here, Mike, to what you gave there. First of all, I think you referenced this, but just to sort of emphasize it. Our Talent and Rewards business, it's down, but this is a business that has a large percentage of discretionary projects. And we feel like this is -- they have performed extraordinarily well here. When we compare it to what I think others are doing in the market or we go back and we compare it to the downturns in the early 2000s, Talent and Rewards has performed extraordinarily well. 
 And just to give you a sense of the difficulty in looking at some of these things, I could take our bulk lump sum activity. So we're continuing to expect a sort of a healthy pipeline there. But with this low or near 0 interest rate environment, some sponsors are going to step back from these initiatives because of the reduced funded status in their pension plans. 
 On the other hand, so other sponsors are going to look at the reduced funded status and say, jeez, we're going to be spending a longer time on the PBGC premium cap because of this reduced funded status. That actually increases the ROI for doing the BLS project. So which of those 2 things is going to be predominant? We don't really know at the moment. I mean we're still -- as I said, we still continue to expect a healthy pipeline, but probably, nominally, lower than last year. But that could pick up going into 2021. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And then just to make sure I heard most of the comments correctly. The general sense I got, as Mike was going through everything, was there probably doesn't sound like there was a huge deterioration as you went month to month to month through the last quarter, just in terms of sales activity. It sounded like it was generally more stable. Is that a correct interpretation? 
John Haley: Yes. I think that's correct. 
Mark Marcon: Okay. And then just Max Matthiessen, just what's the revenue impact going to be on a quarterly basis, on an annualized basis in terms of taking them out? 
John Haley: Mike, you have that, don't you? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Yes, just a minute here, Mark. 
Mark Marcon: Sure. And then while you're looking at that, just to go back to Greg's question, was there -- do you sense that there's any more regulatory challenge or less regulatory challenge with regards to Aon than what you previously anticipated? Or is it basically just in line? 
John Haley: So I would say I think that there's nothing that has been any kind of a big surprise in terms of what we've done with the regulators. I think when we put the combination together, we felt that there were some very good arguments as to why this combination made sense and why there should be -- we should be able to go ahead without any restrictions. 
 But it doesn't matter what we think. What matters is what the regulators think. And so we've been working with them, and we've been submitting all the information. As I said we haven't been asked for anything, which isn't any kind of a big surprise to us at all. And we're -- as we stand, we've been working very cooperatively and we're on our schedule. 
Michael Burwell: And Mark, back -- thinking about Max Matthiessen, roughly about $25 million in revenue per quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with Truist. 
Mark Hughes: [Audio Gap] 
 can the impact of climate change and the efforts you're making to deal with that, what do you think it means for your business in terms of growth opportunities, if there's more losses, more risks, more volatility? How do you think about that? 
John Haley: Well I think there's 2 things. I would say that a lot of the work we've been doing in climate change has evolved out of the capabilities that we have in the work we normally do for clients. So we've been working with them on risk management and on having insurance against things like hurricanes or other things that are a result that can be impacted by climate change. So we have that capability and we're working with them. A lot of the work that we're doing, for example around the Coalition for Climate Resilient Investment, is not really revenue-generating work, but it is work that we think is an important contribution that we're uniquely positioned to provide to the market. 
 In the long run, though, climate change is going to impact almost every part of our business. It's going to be impacting the severity of some of these long tail or extreme events that are occurring. And so we're going to have to be helping to model that. We're going to have -- helping to work with clients on risk mitigation. We're going to have to be working with them to building resilience. I mentioned about how we're working with some of the largest financial institutions in the world to evaluate their loan portfolio for its exposure to climate. 
 We're going to be working with -- in our investment consulting operations, understanding how pension plans and other investors want to take climate into account in their investments. And this is something that actually we've had about a 15-year track record, as I said, of having been -- working on that. And in our Talent and Rewards business, we're going to be working to help put this kind of metrics into executive compensation plans. So we see this as impacting the whole broad range of businesses we have. 
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Sean Reitenbach with KBW. 
Sean Reitenbach: This might be a little similar to past question. But thinking about HCB, and you mentioned clients having to rethink talent, rewards and such, is that project flow you're starting to see already? Or is that kind of projected demand that will really start to contribute to growth in 2021 as the economic environment stabilizes and such? 
John Haley: I think this is closer to saying, when I went through on the bulk lump sum activity, I said here are some reasons why it could increase and here's some reasons why it might be tamped down somewhat. I think with T&R, those are some reasons why we think it might increase, but it's not like we've really seen a lot of that yet. 
Sean Reitenbach: Okay. And then thinking about the -- like reinsurance and insurance rate environment and such in conversations with clients, what are the discussions about the rate environment? Are you preparing them for significant -- maybe like multiple renewals of high rate increases? I know one industry CEO mentioned the industry still hasn't seen a real response from reinsurers, so that could further kind of provide more momentum and longer duration of this hardening market. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think, look, we -- one of the things we do with our clients is to discuss the environment and the pricing environment and what's out there. Of course, we like to think we'll be able to do a better job for them than others. So they probably have a little bit less of a rate increase. 
Operator: And there are no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks very much, everyone, for joining us on this call, and we look forward to updating you in February on the full year's results. Have a good day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-07-30 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to willistowerswatson.com for the press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next 3 months on Willis Towers Watson's website.
 Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should view the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in the most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings.
 During the call, certain non-GAAP financial measures may be discussed. For reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website.
 I'll now turn the call over to Mr. John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead, sir. 
John Haley: Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our second quarter 2020 earnings call. Joining me today are Mike Burwell, our Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Keefe, our Head of Investor Relations.
 In the second quarter, we continued to navigate through an uncertain and unprecedented economic downturn. Nevertheless, I'm pleased with our financial performance. While our results were somewhat impacted by the pandemic, our overall performance reflects the strength, the diversity and the durability of our business model. In many of our core businesses, we continued to see new business generation, strong retention rates and increased operating leverage. We also reduced our controllable spending and improved our liquidity through prudent cash flow management. I'm extremely proud of the work we've done to build the company's operational resilience and strong balance sheet, both of which have provided a foundation for long-term sustainable growth.
 Before delving further into our second quarter performance, I'd like to give a brief update on a couple of important topics. During our last earnings call, I talked about the COVID-19 crisis and the measures we have taken to mobilize and mitigate the risk to our colleagues. Now we're taking what we've learned from the global pandemic to work together even better and are reimagining our workplace and our work activities.
 This is no longer about reacting to the COVID-19 situation. It's about proactively using the experience of the last few months to create a more flexible, agile future. We want to leverage and enhance what we've learned to explore how we can work differently. And we want to ensure we maintain the key elements of our culture that keep our colleagues engaged and inspired.
 A working group that includes leaders from across the company has been convened to plan for this next phase of our journey. Their work focuses on reimagining our workplace across core themes including collaboration, learning and development and external stakeholder engagement. I continue to be impressed with the agility of our colleagues and their commitment to clients and each other in the wake of this global pandemic. Against the rapidly evolving backdrop of the last few months, our colleagues around the world quickly embraced the immense amount of change spurred by COVID-19 and remained resolute in providing excellent client service.
 Likewise, our colleagues have rapidly embraced the prospect of the Aon combination and are generally enthused and looking forward to the many opportunities that lie ahead. On July 8, we filed our definitive joint proxy statement -- I'm sorry, on July 8, we filed our definitive joint proxy statement in connection with the proposed combination with Aon. We've continued to work towards obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals and consents, and we'll hold the necessary meetings for shareholders to vote on the transaction on August 26. We remain on pace to close the transaction in the first half of 2021, subject to the satisfaction of the applicable closing conditions. We continue to be excited about this next step in our evolution and about the overall future of this industry.
 We design and deliver solutions that help manage risk, optimize benefits, cultivate talent and expand the power of capital to protect and strengthen institutions and individuals. COVID-19 has highlighted deficiencies in the way the world approaches risk. These unprecedented times warrant a reappraisal of how companies assess uncertainty and strengthen the rationale for the combination with Aon. We're eager to bring new and innovative solutions to our clients to meet their evolving needs and solve global problems.
 As a general matter, the COVID-19 pandemic did not have a material adverse impact to our financial results for the second quarter of fiscal 2020. However, the pandemic did impact revenue growth, particularly in some discretionary lines, and we expect that the impact of COVID-19 on general economic activity could negatively impact our revenue and results for the remainder of 2020 and potentially even longer.
 So now let's move on to our quarter 2 2020 results. Reported revenue for the second quarter was $2.1 billion, up 3% as compared to the prior year second quarter, up 5% on a constant currency basis and flat on an organic basis. Reported revenue included $35 million of negative currency movement.
 We experienced good financial performance in areas where we have a well-established market position, mature relationships and annuity or compliance-driven business. We didn't perform as well in areas where our revenue is tied to discretionary projects. Our clients are facing tough times and making difficult decisions. In that context, initiatives that are aimed at reducing costs and risks are higher priorities. We continue to work with our clients to find practical solutions for these challenges.
 Net income was $102 million, down 32% for the second quarter as compared to the $149 million of net income in the prior year second quarter.
 Adjusted EBITDA was $441 million or 20.9% of revenue as compared to the prior year adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter of $425 million or 20.8% of revenue, representing a 4% increase on an adjusted EBITDA dollar basis and 10 basis points of margin improvement.
 For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $0.72, a decrease of 32% compared to the prior year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.80, reflecting an increase of 1% compared to the prior year.
 Overall it was a solid quarter. We grew revenue and adjusted earnings per share and had enhanced adjusted EBITDA margin performance.
 Now let's look at each of the segments in more detail. To provide clear comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. Segment margins are calculated using segment revenue. And they exclude unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles, certain transaction and integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions, as well as other items which we consider noncore to our operating results. The segment results do include discretionary compensation.
 The Human Capital & Benefits segment revenue was down 2% on an organic and constant currency basis compared to the second quarter of the prior year primarily as a result of a decline in demand in our Talent and Rewards business. Talent and Rewards revenue decreased 19%, with the uncertain economic conditions related to COVID-19 having created cost constraints and affecting workforce dynamics at many companies, dampening client need for advisory work globally. The decline was partially mitigated by modest growth in HCB's other businesses.
 Our Health and Benefits revenue increased for the quarter. In addition to strong client retention, we had an increase in consulting assignments in North America as well as new global benefit management and local brokerage appointments outside of North America. Retirement revenue increased nominally, mainly as a result of an uptick in funding advice and guaranteed minimum pension equalization work in Great Britain.
 Technology and administrative solutions also increased in Western Europe and International attributed to increased project work.
 Despite the shortfall in revenue, HCB's operating margin decreased by just 20 basis points compared to the prior year second quarter, and that was as a result of careful cost management efforts. We remain confident about the long-term prospects of our HCB business. Employers experienced unprecedented and significant changes to the ways of working in 2020. Our clients are facing many new challenges as they make plans to restore stability. HCB's experts remain prepared to help them rethink the human capital efforts and employ benefits in the wake of COVID-19.
 Now let's look at Corporate Risk & Broking or CRB, which had a revenue increase of 4% on an organic and constant currency basis as compared to the prior year second quarter. North America's revenues grew by 9% in the second quarter from new business wins alongside favorable rates. International and Western Europe's revenue increased 8% and 1% respectively driven by new business and strong renewals. Great Britain's revenue declined 5% for the second quarter primarily due to a decline in marine and retail activity that was related to COVID-19.
 CRB revenue was $701 million this quarter with an operating margin of 19.2% compared to $690 million of revenue with an operating margin of 15.2% in the prior year second quarter. The margin improvement was due to top line growth alongside cost containment efforts. This year has been and will continue to be an extraordinary time for the insurance industry. CRB is committed to keeping our clients fully informed about what they should expect and how to plan for the uncertainty they're experiencing.
 Turning to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance or IRR. Revenue for the second quarter increased 1% to $413 million, and increased 2% on both a constant currency basis and organic basis as compared to the prior year second quarter. Reinsurance with a growth of 6% continued to lead the segment's growth through a combination of net new business and favorable renewals. Insurance Consulting and Technology revenue was flat as growth in technology sales was largely offset by declines in consulting projects. Investment revenue increased 1%, with the continued expansion of the delegated investment services portfolio. Our Wholesale business was up 1% on an organic basis, mainly from new business wins.
 IRR had an operating margin of 28.7% as compared to 26.9% for the prior year second quarter. This improvement reflects top line growth alongside the scaling of successful businesses. We continue to feel good about IRR's growth trajectory. IRR's portfolio of offerings provides clients with the information needed to make strategic decisions in this uncertain and dynamic environment. We have a deep understanding of risk and all the ways that affects capital and organization's financial performance. Our core focus is to provide clients with a superior understanding of the risks they face and then advise them of the best ways to manage the risk of extreme outcomes.
 Revenues for the BDA segment increased by 66% on a constant currency basis and decreased 3% on an organic basis from the prior year second quarter. The growth in reported revenues was driven by TRANZACT, which contributed $87 million to BDA's top line. The decline in organic revenue was primarily due to a shift in timing in our individual marketplace business. The decline was partially offset by Benefits Outsourcing increase in revenue, which was largely driven by its expanded client base.
 The BDA segment had revenues of $209 million with a minus 4.2% operating margin as compared to a minus 20.1% in the prior year second quarter. The margin improvement was primarily driven by the top line growth.
 We're optimistic about the long-term growth of this business. In the COVID-19 era, sustaining health benefits is more difficult than ever. BDA solutions empower employers, employees and retirees to navigate the changing world of benefits through a tailored, integrated experience that combines consulting expertise with innovative technology.
 Overall I'm pleased with our progress. We delivered steady financial performance across most businesses, modest margin expansion and adjusted EPS growth, all while adapting to the rapidly changing global environment. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John, and I'd like to express my gratitude to all of our colleagues who have shown remarkable resilience as they've continued to collaborate by virtual means and operate effectively through this challenging environment. The second quarter was like -- unlike any other we have seen. I'm extremely proud of our team and our performance. The results demonstrate the durability of our business model and the agility of our colleagues to not only adapt to rapidly changing conditions, but to continue to deliver for our clients while also producing solid financial results.
 The second quarter was challenging, but we are reassured by the demand for our services and solutions, for our ability to reduce discretionary expenses and to manage our cash and by our team's overall creativity. We're pleased to see continued overall revenue and underlying adjusted EPS growth and robust free cash flow growth.
 Now I'll turn to the overall detailed financial results. I'll start with income from operations. Income from operations for the second quarter was $163 million or 7.7% of revenue, down 90 basis points from the prior year second quarter income from operations of $176 million or 8.6% of revenue. Adjusted operating income for the second quarter was $296 million or 14% of revenue, down 60 basis points from $299 million or 14.6% of revenue in the prior year second quarter.
 Our second quarter 2020 unallocated net expenses grew to $109 million from $58 million in the prior year second quarter. The cost in this category primarily relates to corporate functions and other unbudgeted costs that we don't directly allocate to the segments each quarter, including items such as true-ups on benefit and stock compensation expense accruals, incentive accrual adjustments and E&O legal settlement items.
 So let me provide additional detail on the increase for Q2. During the quarter, we had a lower-than-normal vacation usage pattern stemming from the pandemic, which required a $12 million vacation expense to be booked within unallocated net. Likewise, we've had some year-over-year increases related to timing around incentives, E&O accruals and business taxes.
 Now let me turn to earnings per share. For the second quarters of 2020 and 2019, our diluted EPS was $0.72 and $1.06, respectively. For the second quarter of 2020, our adjusted EPS was up 1% to $1.80 per share as compared to $1.78 per share in the prior year second quarter. Foreign exchange had a de minimis impact on EPS for the second quarter.
 Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the second quarter was 42.2% versus 19.7% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the quarter was 22.2%, up slightly from the 21.4% rate in the prior year. The current year U.S. GAAP effective tax rate is higher due to a $35 million discrete tax expense primarily related to an incremental Base Erosion and Anti-Abuse Tax or BEAT recognized during the second quarter in connection with the temporary income tax provisions of the CARES Act. The temporary provisions of the CARES Act are applicable to tax years 2019 and 2020. Utilizing these temporary provisions, the company will realize a cash tax benefit in 2020 of approximately $40 million.
 Turning to the balance sheet. As the COVID-19 situation continues to evolve, I believe that we are well positioned to navigate the uncertainty that lies ahead. We ended the second quarter with a strong capital and liquidity position, with cash and cash equivalents of $1.1 billion and full capacity in our undrawn $1.25 billion revolving credit facility. We aim to continue to maintain a strong and durable balance sheet and are looking to conserve cash in the current environment by leaning into our cost and efficiency initiatives. We will continue to monitor the situation and intend to take appropriate measures to further reduce cash outflow and preserve adequate liquidity if demand for our solutions or services deteriorates.
 For the second quarter of 2020, our free cash flow was $593 million versus $287 million in the prior year, bringing our year-to-date free cash flow to $550 million, an increase of 201% from the $183 million for the first half of the prior year. The year-over-year improvement in free cash flow is due to a combination of our cash process improvements, prudent working capital management, and disciplined approach to managing spend.
 In terms of capital allocation, we paid $171 million in dividends and did not repurchase any shares in the first half of 2020. As a reminder, given certain prohibitions in the transaction agreement in connection with our pending business combination with Aon, we do not expect to repurchase any shares during the remainder of 2020.
 As John mentioned earlier, the economic fallout from COVID-19 generally had no material impact on the company's overall financial results for the second quarter of 2020, but we believe this is not indicative of its potential impact on the company results for the remainder of the year and beyond. The duration of the pandemic, the full magnitude of its economic impact and the subsequent speed of recovery remain unknown. Considering this uncertainty in the economy, we previously withdrew our original guidance for 2020. We continue to be unable to predict the extent of the impact of COVID-19 pandemic. The company will reassess this position once we have a clear understanding of the depth, duration and geographic reach of the pandemic.
 In the meantime, we remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet, liquidity and financial flexibility. The changes brought on by COVID-19 pandemic are and continue to be formidable, but I'm very proud of the leadership and personal sacrifices demonstrated by our colleagues in supporting our clients during these very difficult times. The second quarter results are a direct reflection of the continued support from our clients, our colleagues and all our stakeholders.
 Overall we delivered solid financial performance in the second quarter. Despite the near-term uncertainty in the global market, I remain confident in the underlying fundamentals of our business. And now I'll turn the call back to John. 
John Haley: Thanks very much, Mike. And now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with Baird. 
Mark Marcon: Congratulations to everybody. The performance was better than what we were looking for. It looks like results were very resilient in the face of COVID. Can you talk a little bit about like how much of the strong performance this quarter was a reflection of just the way the contracts kind of lay out in terms of how far in advance they're set up and how they continue through the quarter, and how we should think about potentially in whichever divisions where we should be most sensitive to potentially a little bit of a drop-off as the COVID impact ends up coming through? And then I have 2 follow-ups. 
Michael Burwell: Sure. Mark, thank you for the kind comments upfront there. As we've spoken about in the past, we looked at it at the beginning and the outset of the year. We have line of sight to 80%, 85% of our revenue base for the year. And obviously Q1 and Q4 tend to be outsized quarters for us. But we feel pretty good about the multiyear arrangements that we have in place, whether they're in our retirement business or the retention rates that we have in our CRB business and reinsurance businesses overall. But obviously in our talent rewards business as we commented on here where people have more discretionary ability, we've seen a decline in people taking on those particular projects that we've seen overall.
 So I think on one hand, we feel very good about the industry we're in and our line of sight in terms of what our revenue looks like. But clearly we're seeing fall-off as it relates to those discretionary projects. And equally as it relates to the insurable base overall as you're not taking on new construction projects, or you're seeing that discretionary activity decline as we touched on as it relates to the marine business, et cetera, those are the areas that we see that have a more discretionary view. 
Mark Marcon: Got it. And with regards to the Talent and Rewards, is there a potential for ramping up in certain practice areas, like say, diversity and inclusion, given the current environment? And could that potentially be an opportunity as a practice area to scale up? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Yes, it is, Mark. But John, do you want to comment on that? 
John Haley: No, go ahead. I'll go ahead. Thanks, Mike.
 I would just say, yes, I think so. And Mark, one of the things we've seen in other downturns, whether it's the early 2000s or the financial crisis or even some of the other since then is Talent and Rewards is very sensitive, and we can see some of the revenue declines can be reasonably steep in the beginning just as we saw in this quarter in certain aspects of Talent and Rewards, but it's also an area that can ramp up relatively quickly when times get better. And in today's times, there are really quite challenging Talent and Reward issues, whether it's diversity and inclusion, whether it's how you handle the pandemic, whether it's how you reimagine work for the future. So I think there's a lot of opportunities for us to scale that up over the coming years. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And then with regards to reimagining work for the future, you referenced this in the beginning. John, can you talk a little bit more about how you -- what potentially we could end up seeing in terms of changes and how that could end up impacting the cost base?
 And then lastly, it sounds like everything is on track with Aon. Is there anything that you can envision at this point that would set that off or put it off track? 
John Haley: Yes. So maybe I'll just deal with that first, and then I'll come back to the workplace. I mean frankly and I think we referenced this in our prepared remarks, what has happened in terms of the economic turmoil that we've had from the lockdowns and some of the other changes that we've seen over the last couple of months have really deepened our appreciation for the merger. We see that there's more innovation required.
 And the basic thesis of this merger was, as we said, not about getting bigger, but about getting better, about providing more innovative solutions. And the one thing we've seen over the last few months is the world needs more innovative solutions. So there's -- we actually are more excited about the merger today than we were on in the beginning of March, when we announced it. And frankly we were pretty damn excited then, so I think that's just been redoubled.
 In terms of the workplace of the future, I think, Mark, we we're trying to take a quite thoughtful approach to what we're doing here. And one of the things that means is we don't actually know what the answer is yet. And let me explain about that.
 We know that we're not going to go back to the pre-COVID world of work. But we also know that we're not going to be -- the way we're working today is not the way we're going to be working in the future also. And so it's going to be something in between.
 And what we're trying to do is understand -- we -- I mean it's been incredible the way our colleagues have embraced working from home and some of the adversity we had there. But that's not a sustainable way of working, and what we need to do is to figure out what we can do in the future. But we do know working from home will be a bigger part of it. We just don't know exactly how that will play out. There will probably be impacts on real estate, probably impacts on location, but we don't know exactly what they are yet. 
Mark Marcon: I appreciate the wise comments. Thank you, and congrats. 
John Haley: Thanks, Mark. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: John, last quarter you had said in a worst-case scenario, your business could decline in the double digits organically over the preceding 3 quarters. Obviously, the Q2 was much better than that, the point that you made earlier, the resiliency of your businesses. But now one quarter in and recognizing there are some lags in some of the businesses, it would seem like that worst-case scenario even for the back half is no longer on the table. 
John Haley: I -- so -- Elyse, thanks for the question. Yes. By the way, I would say just -- you talked about the resilience of our businesses, and I would say yes. But I would also just comment on, I think Mike mentioned this, the resilience of our colleagues, just amazing the way they've stepped up during this time.
 I think yes, it's -- the worst case I was looking at was a decline, I think, during the second quarter and then going into the back half of the year. The one caution I would give to that is the situation is a little bit uncertain with potential second waves, with more and a return to some of the lockdowns. So we're still a little uncertain, but I'm nowhere near as pessimistic as I was -- or at least I don't worry about the downside as much as I did 3 months ago, say. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then in terms of the Talent and Rewards business, it sounds like the slowdown there obviously much very immediate in terms of what we saw the reaction to COVID. Is that business more pronounced, meaning a greater percentage of HCB in the second quarter than other quarters? I'm just trying to get a sense if that won't be as much of a headwind in the third and the fourth quarter just due to percent of businesses? 
John Haley: No. We don't expect it -- if there's a bigger impact from it, it won't be because of the concentration of TR. I mean it could be that as you go longer into some lockdowns, you get more projects canceled. But it's not a concentration issue. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then in terms of the Aon  transaction, you guys have laid out close for the first half of next year which you reaffirmed, I believe, in your opening comments. Can you just know from your side of things, just give us an update where do we stand with the regulatory process or things about where you thought we would be at this point, recognizing it's still ways away from the deal closing? And just what are kind of next steps in the regulatory process from the time line that you could provide? 
John Haley: Yes, sure. So as you know, there are several global antitrust filings that are required in connection with the transaction. And the specific process that we have to do varies by jurisdiction. But we're still planning to submit all of our required filings in the various jurisdictions, and we expect to have clearances in the first half of 2021. I will say -- this is a complex undertaking. But there's nothing that has happened so far that has been any surprise to us, and we're continuing to work with the regulators cooperatively. So we have no change to our plans as to when we expect to finish. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. One last question on allocated line. I appreciate the added color this quarter just given the volatility there. Mike, just what -- given what you know now, is there anything that we should be thinking about that could artificially inflate those kind of corporate nonsegment expenses in the back half of the year? 
Michael Burwell: No, Elyse. I don't -- we don't see that to be the case, no. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Styblo with Jefferies. 
David Styblo: I know you guys are not providing full year guidance, but I was just curious if you had a sense of some of the key levers within there that really will affect the outlook. Starting maybe on the organic growth side, obviously, you guys are up 2% year-to-date. At this point, how much visibility do you have to the back half of the year? And are you expecting that to turn negative for the rest of the year as the delays kind of on the broking side come in and then discretionary spend on consulting remains under pressure?
 And then maybe you can give us some color about the expense initiatives you've undertaken. I imagine you guys are probably pretty quick to ratchet down expenses on the [ T&E ] side and so forth. But where do you see those trending over time?
 And at the end of the day, is it reasonable to think that you guys can roughly maintain an EPS that's comparable to what you had in '19? Or are there other major factors that we should be thinking about that? 
Michael Burwell: So Dave, thanks for the question. I mean I guess I'll try to give you a little bit, but it's going to be difficult. I mean the reason we pulled the guidance was for that very reason in terms of making those estimates.
 On the revenue side, I guess I'd really go back to John's earlier comments of what he said. I mean he was more pessimistic as it relates to the second quarter, but feeling better as it relates to the top line for the full year. But it's just difficult to predict, I mean, in terms of what's happening. Obviously, we have line of sight to, as I say, a lot of our business in terms of renewals, whether that we -- and have a great line of sight. We're seeing greater retention activities going on in our business, particularly on our CRB business. The -- we're seeing the insured base going down. We're seeing rates come up a bit. And obviously we're seeing retention rates going up overall.
 We're getting smarter and more creative in terms of how it is that we work and close on new business and doing that remotely. And that's across all our businesses overall. So on the top line, I guess I'm trying to -- again, there's a reason we pulled the guidance. And I'll give you as much color as we can, again, about what our recurring revenue base would be picking up on John's comments and what's that look like from a revenue standpoint.
 On the costs side, we went after pretty quickly as we saw things change in terms of what we could do on all cost actions that made sense. We wanted to make sure that we are balancing the short-term and long-term investments in terms of not making cost decisions that were going to impact the business for the long term. But in the short term where discretionary cost and activities did happen, that we would indeed make those decisions, and we have. And we've seen that -- you've seen that offset as it relates to our overall cost base.
 I would also go back and say, the TRANZACT deal that we closed at the end of last year. And that business overall has been very helpful to us in our BDA segment in terms of -- we're continuing to see the growth of that business overall. And we continue to believe that we'll continue to see what we had highlighted the rationale for that deal. And it continues to exceed our expectations, and that management team overall is doing one heck of a job.
 So I'm trying to give you -- I know you're trying to get those line items. I'm trying to give you as much color as I can. But at the same time, there's a reason we pulled the guidance, Dave, so I'm sorry I can't be more helpful there. 
David Styblo: Sure. That's fair.
 In terms of just customer demand, I know usually in an environment like this, retention rates go up. I am curious though as a larger broker in the industry, and you guys can provide more insight and information and solutions to the gamut of services that an employer might have, are you guys seeing any sort of new business uptake from employers who might be just looking for a more sophisticated broker that can service things in an environment where there's a lot more challenges going on, like we're in now? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean I think clients are always looking for different solutions, right? I mean they're seeing a hardening market. And so they're evaluating what alternatives and what other solutions people can bring to their challenges that they may be dealing with. And the creativeness of our teams has been outstanding, and we've seen that in what's happening and delivered in our CRB business. But frankly in our reinsurance business, and I would tell you I think the creativity of our colleagues across Willis Towers Watson, one of the hallmarks of our culture in terms of being creative and bringing innovative solutions to bear.
 So in an environment like this, where people are being challenged and want a different opinion, we're really primed and well positioned to be able to help them think through those solutions. And I think that's reflected in what you're seeing delivered in our results overall. So that would be my comment. I don't know, John, anything you'd add to that? 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think Mike, you have that here. What I would say is that every day, I see things come across my e-mail of new business wins that we've had. And our colleagues have adapted to going after new business in a virtual way and have become very successful at that. But the fact remains new business is not as robust as we -- as it was in the pre-COVID era. That's just a fact of life that not as many people are going out to bid. So we become successful in doing this where we can, but it's not as big a feature as it had been. 
David Styblo: Got it. And my last one real quick, just on TRANZACT. Can you talk about what the same-store basis was year-over-year? And there has been some overhang on the group, at least for some of the other publicly traded. Because one of your peers is experiencing significantly higher churn right now, and it's shortening the duration and pressuring unit economics. It seems like that might be a company-specific challenge going on, but I'd be curious just to hear what is your churn on the [ MA ] business right now? How long are they on with you for? And are you guys experiencing any uptick in churn from the market dynamics right now? 
John Haley: Okay. So look, we -- our churn is something that we've looked at for quite a while here. And we're a firm with lots and lots of actuaries. And so one of the things we've done over the time is analyze that. We've actually used outside advisers to analyze that too. And unlike some others in the market, we haven't changed our churn assumptions just arbitrarily. We've continued to monitor that quarter to quarter. We do some actuarial analysis. We're actually slightly conservative in our estimates. So we feel pretty good about the kind of numbers we have here, and we don't expect any change. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: I was wondering if you could provide us some perspective on how the positive pricing trends in Property & Casualty have affected your Corporate Risk & Broking and Investment, Risk & Reinsurance segments. And then in the slide deck, you did note in CRB that part -- there was some pressure in Great Britain. And John, it seems like if I reflect back on the last several years, that more often than not, Great Britain has been a source of some challenges for the company. Maybe that impression is wrong, but maybe you could provide some perspective on that as well. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, so maybe starting with the second point first. I mean just as it relates to Great Britain, you're looking at continued market conditions, Greg, that have been happening. And I think our -- what we are seeing at least and other competitors have reported their results have equally seen Great Britain as a market at this time has been a bit more down a bit just in terms of what's happening in that market.
 The good news is obviously we operate in many markets. And some -- as you see, Latin America is up and North America has been strong overall. So I think it's just at this point in time in terms of where it's been, but Great Britain has been a very good market for us for a long time. It's just kind of where we are in its current cycle.
 As it relates to rating and rates, I mean I would say what you're seeing is, and John kind of alluded to this, so you're seeing retention rates of our clients are up on a year-over-year basis. And you're seeing the insured base itself is down in some of the transient type of work that we had had or we would insure overall, but your obviously P&C rates increasing. And depending on whether you've had a loss or not a loss is obviously impacting those rates. But we're seeing the positive impact of that tailwind on those rates.
 So try to give you some color to it, but I would wrap it up and say, overall, we're very pleased with what the CRB business has done, what our colleagues have done there in terms of delivering results. So hopefully that gives you some color to it. 
John Haley: Yes. And I would just add that, Mike, you sort of touched upon this. But look, Great Britain has been impacted by some -- we talked about the marine, some of the global aerospace and things like that, that have impacted Great Britain in this quarter. But Great Britain is one of the great reservoirs of our talent and our intellectual capital, and it's a key part of the business. We don't have any concerns about GB. 
Charles Peters: Okay. I know this has probably been incorporated to some degree in the results already. But given the dynamics and requirements of ASC 606, I'm curious how you're thinking about the assumptions that you laid out in the first half of the year, especially in the context of all the uncertainty as we go into the back half of the year, and if there's any potential reset issues or challenges you might be dealing with from an accounting perspective? 
Michael Burwell: No, Greg. I thank you for the question. But right now, no. I mean we do not see that to be the case. We, I believe, in terms of -- thought about all the various options upon its adoption. We had a lot of discussion and talked about 606 over the last couple of years. But right now based on our estimates and what's -- how we've projected things, we don't see anything unusual coming through 606. 
Charles Peters: Got it. I guess the final question just from a sequencing perspective, and I know, John, you did provide some comments, but I just wanted to confirm that from a shareholder vote perspective, that the shareholders will be voting on this transaction with Aon before we know if there's any antitrust issues that forced the spinoff of some businesses. Just wanted to confirm that that's the case. 
John Haley: Yes. In all the transactions I've done, that's been the case, I think. All these big transactions, we've always had the shareholder vote before we got the antitrust approval. In this case, this one is no exception. 
Charles Peters: Got it. Well, listen, congratulations on the results. And John, stay safe. There's a hurricane headed your way. So be well. 
John Haley: Yes. I'm hoping it's going to miss me, Greg, but we'll see. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: In the 83(b), I think in the last recession, you benefited from some restructuring activity. I wonder if you could comment on the potential opportunity here in this cycle. And then what would be the timing? If you did start to see more wholesale changes, the Talent and Rewards issues that emerge with restructuring, when would that normally kick in? 
John Haley: Yes. Thanks. And I think if we look back to the last several downturns that we've seen, we would expect that the Talent and Rewards revenue decline would probably persist through at least the third quarter, maybe into the fourth quarter and then really be picking up during the first half of 2021. That would be consistent with, say, the early 2000s. That would be consistent with the financial crisis. And so that's what we see.
 The one thing that makes this a little difficult as I was saying, is that we don't know what the effect of the lockdowns is going to be in the second half of this year. And so if we see particularly in the U.S., states going back and having a second wave of lockdowns and everything, that could have an impact that we wouldn't -- we haven't factored in right now. That would change the whole timing of everything there.
 But I think we're -- as I said earlier, there are a lot of human resource challenges and opportunities that are here in this current environment. They're not going to go away. And I think especially in 2021, we would expect to see corporations going out to address all those. And frankly it's one of the things that, as I said earlier, the ability to offer innovative solutions when we get together with Aon, that combination is going to be even more powerful in this regard. 
Mark Hughes: And then on TRANZACT, I think you said it was an $87 million contribution. Could you give the year ago results for TRANZACT as a stand-alone? 
Michael Burwell: We did not. We did not do that. No. Let me remember, we acquired them over the third quarter last year, right, so we just -- yes, we have not disclosed that.
 But I got to tell you, I mean, we're -- but going back on that $87 million, the business is growing nicely. And I'd just reiterate the comments I mentioned earlier. We're very pleased with TRANZACT, what it's doing, the team that's been in place and the results that they're delivering. And it's profitable, so we're very pleased with TRANZACT. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think that is the key thing, is that it's -- that this is a nicely profitable business that we have here. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: I wanted to see if I can focus on one element of typical organic growth, and that's just negotiating higher revenues on the work that you're doing for your clients. I was wondering whether that is being impacted -- that specific force is being impacted by the current recession. 
Michael Burwell: Meyer, I... 
John Haley: We're in a... 
Michael Burwell: Go ahead. No, go ahead, John. 
John Haley: I was going to say, look, we're in a competitive industry. And when we -- I talked earlier about doing new business on a virtual basis, but we have to -- when we're doing that, we have to come out with competitive offerings. And that means we have to make sure that we're offering the most value for the services we're providing. And we feel we continue to do that. It's not -- that is not much different now than it was 6 months ago. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. And I was just going to add to your comments, John. I mean at the end of the day, we believe we have very good margins overall in our HCB business as we look across the industry. And as John said, it's obviously competitive and we will be competitive, but it's ultimately about value. And as our clients continue to see that value versus the cost equation, and they've continued to reward us based on that value. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. Understood. That's helpful.
 Second question, can you share how the Willis Towers Watson employees reacted when Aon first announced its temporary salary reductions and then pulled them back? Is that -- was there any impact on employee morale or sentiment there? 
John Haley: That wasn't something that we discussed in the company generally. I mean I'm sure individual colleagues were discussing that, but it wasn't something that we did any kind of survey or anything on. 
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. 
John Haley: Okay. Well, thanks very much, everybody, and we look forward to updating you on our third quarter earnings call. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-04-30 09:30:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and welcome to the Willis Tower and Watsons (sic) [Willis Towers Watson] First Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to our website for the press release and supplement information that was issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next 3 months on our website. Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meanings of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in our most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson's SEC filings.
 During the call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website.
 I'll now turn the call over to John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead. 
John Haley: Thank you very much. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our 2020 first quarter earnings call. Joining me today are Mike Burwell, our Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Keefe, our Head of Investor Relations.
 So before we get into our first quarter performance, I want to start by talking about COVID-19 and how we're managing Willis Towers Watson during this global pandemic.
 First of all, I hope all of you and your families are staying healthy. The safety and well-being of our colleagues has been our primary focus as the COVID-19 crisis escalated, and we've mobilized to mitigate the risk to our colleagues. The COVID-19 pandemic did not have a material adverse impact to our financial results for the first quarter of fiscal 2020. However, we expect that the impact of COVID-19 on general economic activity could negatively impact our revenue and results for the remainder of 2020. We're closely monitoring the spread and impact of COVID-19, while adhering to governmental health directors -- directives, excuse me.
 We've implemented restrictions on business travel, office access, meetings and events. We have thorough business continuity and incident management processes in place, including split team operations for essential workers and work-from-home protocols, which are now globally effective. We're communicating frequently with colleagues, clients and critical vendors, while meeting our objectives via remote-working capabilities, overseen and coordinated by our incident management response team.
 Before the pandemic, we were already experienced in working virtually and had implemented collaboration technologies and infrastructure for remote working that we believe are effective. Currently, more than 90% of our 45,000 colleagues are working remotely. For example, our top leaders are spread across the globe, and we've effectively operated this way as a management team for a number of years, so we were able to mobilize quickly to address this situation and the agility of our colleagues is remarkable.
 I'm extremely proud of the way our colleagues have adapted. They continue to demonstrate their resilience and their commitment to support our clients' needs and one another.
 As you well know, we're in the business of providing solutions. We help clients optimize their benefits. We help them manage their risk. We help them develop their people. We help them make sure that they deploy their capital to protect and strengthen their institutions. These are valuable contributions during good times, and they're even more valuable during difficult times. We feel that our services and solutions are highly relevant to our clients, especially now. Willis Towers Watson will continue to be a source of support and a trusted partner to our clients as they navigate these unprecedented disruptions.
 While the long-term effects of this global crisis will take some time to manifest, we are focused on finding innovative ways to add value in an increasingly unpredictable and competitive marketplace. We will continue to be at the forefront of the issues and pressures our clients are facing, and we're structuring our services to meet those needs. I think Willis Towers Watson and our colleagues are going to be a great part of our clients' future success stories.
 Overall, from a business continuity perspective, we have maintained a high level of productivity to date despite the recent disruptions brought on by the pandemic. Against this extremely challenging backdrop, we reported a solid first quarter, but we realized that the extent to which COVID-19 could impact our business and financial position will depend on future developments, which are difficult to predict. For that reason, we're taking a proactive approach to safeguard our company against this future uncertainty.
 We're entering this challenging environment from a relative position of strength, so maintaining our financial and operational performance momentum is paramount. We're prepared to take swift actions as necessary to help mitigate adverse consequences and preserve our margins in the event that we might sustain a prolonged negative impact to our operations.
 We will continue to monitor the situation and assess possible implications to the company and our stakeholders. Mike will provide further insight about the team's evaluation of contingency plans about capital and liquidity and the company's balance sheet shortly.
 We're a conservatively managed company with a strong foundation. While the current economic backdrop is challenging, we believe that we're well positioned to manage through this crisis and emerge successful. I have confidence in our colleagues, our strategy and in the strength of our business.
 Managing the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic was not the only development for the company in the first quarter. On March 9, we announced the entrance into a definitive agreement between Willis Towers Watson and Aon, which provides for the combination of Willis Towers Watson and Aon in an all-stock transaction.
 The combination with Aon is a natural next step in our journeys to service our clients in the areas of people, risk and capital. Both firms have a shared belief in offering clients strong expertise, innovation, data-driven insights and market-leading products and professional services. This deal gives us the opportunity to accelerate our growth strategy through innovation and collaboration. We're very excited about this step and what it means for Willis Towers Watson, for our colleagues and for our shareholders as the next step of significant value creation.
 We expect the transaction to close in the first half of 2021, subject to the receipt of required shareholder approvals, required regulatory approvals and the satisfaction of other customary conditions to closing. So now let's move on to our quarter 1 2020 results.
 I'm pleased to report that despite this difficult environment, we've continued to deliver on our strategy and commitments, generating solid results for the first quarter of 2021 -- 2020, excuse me. Reported revenue for the first quarter was $2.5 billion, up 7%, as compared to the prior year first quarter, and up 8% on a constant currency basis, and up 4% on an organic basis. Reported revenue included $34 million of negative currency movement. Once again, this quarter, we experienced growth on an organic basis across all of our segments.
 Net income was $313 million, up 7% for the first quarter as compared to the $293 million of net income in the prior year first quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $680 million or 27.6% of revenue as compared to the prior year adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter of $601 million or 26.0% of revenue, representing a 13% increase on an adjusted EBIT-dollar basis and 160 basis points of margin improvement. For the quarter, adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.34, an increase of 6% compared to the prior year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $3.34, reflecting an increase of 12% compared to the prior year. Overall, it was a solid quarter. We grew revenue and earnings per share and had enhanced adjusted EBITDA margin performance. Now let's look at each of the segments in more detail.
 To provide clear comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. Segment margins are calculated using segment revenue and exclude unallocated corporate costs, such as amortization of intangibles, certain transaction and integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions as well as other items which we consider noncore to our operating results. The segment results include discretionary compensation.
 The Human Capital & Benefits, HCB segment, revenue was up 4% on an organic and constant currency basis compared to the first quarter of the prior year. The Health and Benefits business delivered strong performance again this quarter, generating revenue growth of 7%, with increased project activity and product revenue continuing to drive revenue expansion in North America, while new local country wins and global benefit management appointments contributed to the growth outside of North America.
 Talent and Rewards revenue increased nominally, mostly from increased benchmarking survey sales, which were largely offset by a decline in advisory activity as companies began pulling back on discretionary spending in the latter half of the quarter. Retirement revenue increased 1%, mainly as the result of an uptick in funding advice, guaranteed minimum pension equalization and other project work in Great Britain and funding work in Canada.
 Technology and Administration Solutions revenue increased 11% as a result of new business activity and project work in Great Britain. HCB's operating margin improved by 30 basis points to 25% compared to the prior year first quarter. This improvement reflects top line growth alongside careful cost management efforts. HCB is our largest segment, and we're confident about the future prospects of all of the businesses within it.
 In a business environment highly impacted by COVID-19 and the related economic downturn, employers look for ways to protect employees, customers and operations while managing costs. HCB's experts are well positioned to provide advice and solutions to help businesses react, adapt and sustain through the crisis. Now let's look at Corporate Risk & Broking, or CRB, which had a revenue increase of 4% on an organic and constant currency basis as compared to the prior year first quarter.
 North America's revenue grew by 11% in the first quarter. The growth was driven from the gain on a book of business sale alongside new business wins. Western Europe contributed 5% revenue growth driven by strong renewals. Their growth was led by strong renewals, including improved facultative business. Great Britain and International's revenue declined 3% and 2%, respectively, for the first quarter. Now these results were negatively impacted by a change in the remuneration model for certain lines of business. This change, which is neutral to our operating income, results in lower revenue and an equal reduction in salaries and benefits expense. Absent this change, Great Britain's revenue increased by 6% and International's revenue grew by 1%, primarily from new business with strong performance across most lines of business, including financial solutions, FINEX, PC Hub and aerospace.
 CRB revenue was $739 million this quarter, with an operating margin of 17.2%, which is materially flat compared to a 17.4% in the prior year first quarter.
 Turning to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance, or IRR. Revenue for the first quarter increased 6% to $615 million on a constant currency basis and increased 5% on an organic basis as compared to the prior year first quarter. Reinsurance with growth of 7% continued to lead the segments growth through a combination of net new business and favorable renewals. Insurance Consulting and Technology grew by 5%, mainly from technology sales. Investment revenue increased 6% with continued expansion of the delegated investment services portfolio. Our wholesale business was up 12% on an organic basis, mainly from new business wins. IRR had an operating margin of 45.1% as compared to 42.7% for the prior year first quarter. This improvement reflects top line growth alongside the scaling of successful businesses. We continue to feel good about IRR's growth trajectory. IRR's portfolio of offerings unlocks potential and creates sources of value for our clients by focusing on their business priorities, capital strategy, operations, technology, risk and people. All of these are elements which remain important in an increasingly uncertain and competitive marketplace.
 Revenue for the BDA segment increased by 71% on a constant currency basis and 1% on an organic basis from the prior year first quarter. BDA's expanded mid- and large-market client base and increased project work resulted in the segment's growth. We continue to see strong demand for Benefits Outsourcing's core services, resulting in several new client wins. The BDA segment had revenue of $231 million, with a minus 4.7% operating margin, up over 10% from a minus 15.3% in the prior year first quarter. The margin improvement was primarily driven by the top line growth. We're optimistic about the long-term growth of this business. BDA offers practical solutions, which enable planned sponsors to honor their commitments to employees and retirees, while reducing long-term financial liabilities and administrative burdens. It also helps millions of individuals optimize today's health and welfare opportunities for a better tomorrow.
 So overall, I'm very pleased with our progress. We produced strong revenue growth in the first quarter. We had steady financial performance across all businesses, meaningful margin expansion on an organic basis and significant adjusted EPS growth, all while adapting to the rapidly changing global environment. So now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John. And I'd like to express my gratitude to our 45,000 colleagues for delivering another good quarter despite the difficulties we're experiencing as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. I would also like to thank our clients for their continued support and trust in us. Helping clients solve complex problems is at the heart of everything we do at Willis Towers Watson, and we fully intend to continue being a reliable source of strength for the clients we serve around the world as they confront their unique pandemic-related challenges. Our first quarter represented a good start to the year with strong organic revenue growth, robust margin expansion and underlying adjusted EPS growth.
 Now I'll turn to the overall detailed financial results. Let me first discuss income from operations. Income from operations for the first quarter was $360 million or 14.6% of revenue, down 90 basis points from the prior year first quarter income from operations of $359 million or 15.5% of revenue. The decline was principally due to a noncash charge, which resulted from the abandonment of internally developed software that was no longer commercially viable. Adjusted operating income for the first quarter was $525 million, up $33 million from $492 million in the prior year first quarter. Adjusted operating income margin remained flat at 21.3% of revenue. Adjusted operating margin would have been 40 basis points higher if we had normalized for the acquisition of TRANZACT.
 Now let me turn to earnings per share. For the first quarters of 2020 and 2019, our diluted EPS was $2.34 and $2.20, respectively. For the first quarter of 2020, our adjusted EPS was up 12% to $3.34 per share as compared to $2.98 per share in the prior year first quarter. Foreign exchange was aligned with our expectations, resulting in a net unfavorable impact of approximately $0.03 for the quarter.
 Let me turn to our effective tax rate. Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 20% versus 18.8% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the first quarter was 20.4%, up slightly from the 20.1% rate in the prior year first quarter. The prior year effective tax rate was lower primarily due to discrete valuation allowance releases in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions.
 Turning to the balance sheet. As the COVID-19 situation continues to evolve, I believe we are well positioned to navigate this uncertain period of time. We ended the first quarter with a strong capital and liquidity position. The broad and global nature of the pandemic has had a profound impact on our clients and broadly reduced liquidity around the world. We believe our business model is resilient, and we have completed comprehensive operational and financial planning to prepare for all scenarios, including the possibility of a deep and long economic downturn impacting the industries and markets we serve.
 Understanding the impact this can have on Willis Towers Watson, we are proactively managing our balance sheet to help maximize our financial flexibility. To that end, we exited the first quarter with ample liquidity, with cash and cash equivalents of $898 million and $850 million of capacity on our undrawn revolving credit facility. We aim to continue to maintain a strong and durable balance sheet and are looking to conserve cash in this current environment by leaning into our cost and efficiency initiatives. These actions include implementing a series of cost management strategies, including hiring and travel freezes, reducing our variable cost structure for discretionary spending categories and curtailing some of our capital expenditures.
 In addition, we continue to monitor the situation and take appropriate proactive measures to further reduce cash outflow and preserve adequate liquidity if demand for solutions or services deteriorates.
 For the first quarter of 2020, our free cash flow was negative $43 million versus negative $105 million in the prior year. Q1 is our seasonally lowest quarter from a cash flow standpoint due to the impact of incentive compensation payments. The year-over-year improvement in free cash flow is primarily due to more timely billings and collections.
 In terms of capital allocation, we paid approximately $84 million in dividends and did not repurchase any shares in the first quarter of 2020. As a reminder, given certain prohibitions as a result of the transaction agreement, in connection with our pending business combination with Aon, we do not expect to repurchase any shares during the remainder of 2020.
 Let's talk about our full year 2020 guidance. We are not yet seeing signs of a real slowdown in the business, but the signs of economic concern are all around us. As John mentioned earlier, the economic fallout from COVID-19 had no material impact on the company's financial results for the first quarter of 2020, but this is not indicative of its potential impact on the company results for the remainder of the year.
 The duration of the pandemic, the full magnitude of its economic impact and the subsequent speed of recovery remain unknown. Considering this uncertainty in the economy, we are withdrawing our previous provided guidance for fiscal year 2020. Since we are unable to accurately forecast the impact of these factors, we believe that it's impractical to provide detailed financial guidance at this time.
 The company will reassess this position once we have a clear understanding of the depth, duration and geographic reach of the pandemic. However, I want to reassure you that we remain agile and disciplined in the way we allocate our resources to ensure business continuity and efficient operations, while maintaining -- still maintaining a very strong balance sheet.
 So overall, we delivered solid financial performance in the first quarter. Despite the near-term uncertainty in the global market, I remain confident in the underlying fundamentals of our business. We've been through challenging times before as a company, and we believe we're well positioned to manage through the current situation and emerge even stronger. We believe that, fundamentally, our business is strong. We believe we manage our operations well, and we have a diverse portfolio of businesses that help us through difficult times. We believe our portfolio of businesses is both resilient and flexible. We believe that our experience, our dedication and our operational strength will enable us to weather these tumultuous times and to continue to create long-term value for all our stakeholders.
 So now I'll turn the call back to you, John. 
John Haley: Thanks very much, Mike. And now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]
 Our first question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: John, I just -- given the pending business combination with Aon, I want to just ask you to maybe comment on what you're seeing in your business right now versus kind of Aon's comment that they had, their public announcement, that they're going to be broadly reducing salaries in anticipation. I'm not sure if it's anticipation or if there's something already going on over there. Is there kind of a strategy difference or end market difference? Or since you're merging with them, what is your take on that versus what's going on internally in your business? 
John Haley: Yes. So I think, Shlomo -- thanks for the question. So first of all, even though we're merging and maybe especially because we're merging, we have to make sure that we manage ourselves as independent competitors during this time running up to this. And so we're not able to collaborate on anything, like, how we're handling the market or clients or strategy or anything like this, so we have to come to completely independent solutions. And so I can't -- it's really hard for me to say a lot about what went into Aon's thing. I think, as Mike said, when we looked at it from our standpoint, we wanted to take whatever actions we needed to, and we have been very strong in terms of cutting down -- attempting to cut down really on all discretionary spending that we have. We want to really cut that to the bone. We want to look to protect our cash flow. We think if we do these things, our judgment is that, if we can do those successfully, they will probably be sufficient.
 But the fact of the matter is, we just don't know whether we will have to take -- stricter action depends on, in part, on how successful we are with these initiatives we have, and in part, on exactly what the pace of COVID-19 looks like. If we have a V or a U recovery or a W recovery, all of those are different scenarios. And I think what Mike was emphasizing in our discussion is, we think we remain agile, and we think we remain ready to react to that.
 But basically, the way we approach this was to say, our first and foremost priority is the safety and well-being of our colleagues. The second priority is then making sure we manage the financial health of our business, and that includes making sure we take care of our colleagues from a benefit and compensation standpoint, too.
 So while there are clearly circumstances where we would contemplate something like that, we're hoping to avoid them. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. Great. I appreciate that color. And then just one thing on TRANZACT. Can you provide us with what the growth was in the last year quarter? I know you didn't own them, but just so we get a sense of how that is growing. And if there -- the improvement year-over-year in operating margin for the BDA segment, does that have to do with operating leverage, with the change in kind of the seasonality a little bit of the business because of TRANZACT? If you could give a little bit of clarity over there, that would be helpful. 
John Haley: Yes. Mike, do you want to take us through that? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Sure, John. Shlomo, thank you for the question. When you look at TRANZACT, overall, we have almost 50% of our revenues for the BDA segment really come in the fourth quarter, which obviously encapsulates TRANZACT, and although we are seeing nominal losses in the first quarter, being very pleased with what's happened with TRANZACT. So we're seeing, obviously, carrying the expenses in the earlier period. So small changes and lost quarters really don't really impact it as much as what we see really happening overall.
 So TRANZACT continues to grow very nicely for us. We had 57% growth, and it continues to be very, very strong. So again, just looking at the year, Shlomo, obviously, over 50% coming in the fourth quarter overall for the BDA segment transacting a big piece of it, obviously, we saw some -- continue to see growth with it, and we're very pleased with the performance of TRANZACT. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with Baird. 
Mark Marcon: Glad to hear that everybody is doing well. And I had 2 broad sets of questions. One would basically be, if you could give us a little bit of color with regards to how we should think about the economic downturn? John, over the course of your career, you've been through multiple recessions. Obviously, this one is deeper. Can you just go through a little bit in terms of what you've seen, segment-by-segment, in terms of second half of March, early April impacts? What your vertical exposure is? And based on your experience, how you think those different segments are going to end up performing, and how they're going to end up reacting? That's the first set of questions.
 And then the second set of questions is basically along the lines of what -- how the associates are feeling with regards to -- since the Aon announcement and since they've had time to digest that, how they're feeling about it, and if COVID ends up being really significant, how could that end up impacting the transaction. 
John Haley: Sure. Thanks very much, Mark. And what I'll do is, I'll start with your first question about our colleagues around the world. And then I'll make a couple of comments, but I'll ask Mike to take us through the details of what we were seeing in March as a result of COVID.
 So first of all, I think when we announced the deal on March 9, and of course, that was just when, particularly in Europe and in the U.S., all of the lockdowns and shelter in place was just beginning to be announced that week coming out. So it was not a great time for us to be able to get out and talk to our colleagues overall about this. But we have been able, I think, to communicate, we had a couple of meetings that very first week, and then we've been able to communicate with folks virtually.
 I think one thing that was interesting to us is how quickly our colleagues got what we were trying to do with this combination. And I suspect being home in the midst of all these lockdowns and with this uncertainty from COVID-19, maybe actually helped in some ways because the whole notion of what we're trying to do here is not to be getting bigger, but to be getting better and to be building a new firm that is more innovative and more able to address new and emerging client needs than either of the 2 predecessor firms were. And I think when you see what's happening with the result of COVID-19, it actually strengthens the case for a firm with that kind of broad, innovative capability.
 And frankly, having been through a couple of these big mergers before, there's always a time in the very beginning where people are asking questions about what does this mean and how does this fit. I think we've seen a positive embracing of this deal much faster than I had expected, and I think that's in large part due to people being able to see the promise of what we'll deliver together.
 So it's still early days, but I think we've had a number of sessions where Greg Case and some of the senior leaders have been able to talk to some of our folks, and we've had some sessions where I've been able to talk to some of the Aon folks, and I think we're seeing a lot of excitement from both sides about that.
 So we continue to be, I think, more excited and more convinced about the rationale for this deal today than we were the day we announced it, and we were pretty excited about it that day. So I think, generally, we feel about as good as we think we probably could.
 Let me just say, you're right, I've -- one of the advantages of having been around a long time is that you've seen lots of different scenarios, different recessions, different downturns. I think this COVID-19 one is probably more difficult and more challenging, certainly at least to predict than any of the ones we've been through before.
 I think the financial crisis is the most recent one in memory, but that was one that we actually -- Willis Towers Watson managed through, both Willis and Towers Watson managed through that financial crisis pretty well. We have large recurring revenues, 80% to 85% of our revenues, we pretty much know before we start the year. So that's a big help. I think this crisis, though, is a little bit harder because we're seeing -- it's the effect on the general economy. It's whether we have clients that are going to go out of business, that -- those are the kind of imponderables that we have to deal with that make this a little bit more challenging.
 I think we saw some impact. It's hard -- Mike's going to -- I'll ask Mike to take you through some of the details, but it's actually hard to strip out some of the COVID impact in the first quarter. We certainly know it's affected us in Asia. And in fact, when you see particularly in CRB, when I was going through some of the growth rates you saw, International was the lowest. Traditionally, that's our highest growth rate in CRB, but we had some impacts from Asia there because February and March was when they were hit by a lot of their lockdowns. It's actually a little bit hard for us to completely isolate that.
 But Mike, can you take us through some of the segment by segment? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, John. So if -- and I'll maybe take it from the HCB segment and give you in each of the segments a little bit further color what we're seeing by line of business. So if you look at our Retirement business, from a risk standpoint, what we're seeing is, we continue to see a lower interest rate environment. So we expect bulk lump sum activity to increase. However, some sponsors may be hesitant and have been hesitant, given the reduced funding stats that they see in their plans. But nonetheless, some maybe wish to act, and they may do it this year or -- and looking at their ROI or they may be thinking about this over the longer term. But we continue to see opportunities for people to look at BLS work, bulk lump sum work, that have diversified allocation strategies and liability-driven investment strategies, such that they can limit the damage to their funding levels. And so we continue to see that as an opportunity.
 In our Health and Benefits business, our [ HCB ] business, we see revenue opportunities around off-cycle products, bundled solutions and voluntary benefits. We've also been seeing rather high H&B retention rates in some of the geographies, obviously, due to COVID. I'm not putting any kind of changes high on their list, and this is obviously helping to offset the risk of reduced new business sales. From a challenge standpoint, unemployment, with the increases in unemployment and the ultimate result in lower commission -- it has an impact on lower commission revenue just in terms of thinking about it.
 From a CRB segment standpoint, we're seeing opportunities in risk analytics services, our risk management consulting activities. We are seeing, obviously, in the aerospace industry, and John mentioned this, just in terms of general economic conditions or you're seeing stuff as it relates to hospitality areas, and even to some degree, the global FINEX and finance solutions, lower deal volumes and lower M&A activity, obviously, having some impact overall.
 If you look in our IRR segment, our reinsurance business, clients are using reinsurance as protection. Damage to investment portfolios and consequent drop in capital surplus means most clients are likely repaying their current levels of reinsurance purchased. We're obviously continuing to see rate increase and a tailwind from rate. And obviously, we are seeing some risk as pressure from clients are continuing to look for ways to look at reductions.
 And back to the earlier question around TRANZACT, has been very strong for us in our BDA segment. The retiree client interest, there continues now to be a continued uptick and people looking at cost savings. And obviously, we present, in our BDA segment, real opportunity for people to manage their costs, particularly in a pre- and post-65 through our exchange operations.
 So hopefully, to give you some feeling, flare, what's actually happening across our segments without going in any more detail, John, I guess I think I pause there and just to kind of hopefully gave some color to the question. 
Mark Marcon: That's terrific. Can I just ask one quick follow-up? Can you just talk about what your percentage exposure is to the areas that seem to be the most affected, whether it's aerospace, hospitality, global finance, maybe some real estate companies, how are you thinking about that? 
John Haley: So let me just comment on that overall. By client, there's no client that even gets up to 1% of our revenues. So when we look at it by industry, we don't have high exposure to any particular industry with the exception of insurance, really the financial, generally, but insurance, in particular, but it's not -- that's not an area that we've seen has been particularly affected by this. So we're not particularly worried about any industry effects, Mark. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, I understand there's a lot of uncertainty out there right now and get the desire to want to pull the outlook for the year. But I guess, could you give us a sense, like, as you say see things, even if it's a big range or maybe it's more qualitative throughout your different businesses, how does the organic -- the level of slowdown potentially in organic growth that we could see over the next 3 quarters?
 And then as part of that question, is there a lag in some of your businesses, meaning that we could actually see -- potentially see more of a slowdown in the third than what we might see in the second quarter? 
John Haley: Yes. So Elyse, let me just say, I think the reason we did -- the reason we did pull the guidance is because we saw -- the uncertainty had what we considered a relatively wide range. Now having said that, we're very fortunate. There are some industries, like aviation or hospitality or others, that have really seen enormous hits to their revenue. And we're very fortunate in the sense we're not going to be seeing that. But on the other hand, could we see our revenue decline from what it would have been, maybe even at a double-digit rate for the remainder of this year? That's not impossible. We think that's on the more extreme scenarios. But depending on how bad do you think the hit is going to be to general economic activity, certainly, we do well when the economies are doing well, and we do less well when the economies are doing poorly.
 So we -- as we looked at it, that's kind of the range we thought about, could we get to a double-digit decline, that's pretty extreme, but it's not impossible. So those are the kinds of things that we looked at it.
 We didn't attempt to do much more than that, Elyse. We did some scenario planning on this, but there are just so many variables there that we quickly found we couldn't get to too much more than that. But I think the good news is, we're not -- I guess, as I said, we're not in some of these really distressed industries where they're going to see enormous hits to their revenue. We don't see that.
 As I mentioned in the beginning, the kinds of services that we provide are services that our clients need in difficult times as well as in good times. And so we, for the most part, see those continuing.
 Now in terms of, are there some lags? I think the one area that probably comes to mind the most is, as we've always seen in our Human Capital & Benefits area, in our Talent and Rewards, it's the most discretionary of all the services that we have. And it's the one where clients will sometimes end up delaying or maybe canceling projects when there is difficult economic activity.
 So could we see that occur in the -- lead into the third quarter from the second quarter? Yes. And that's something that we've seen in prior downturns.
 The one thing that makes it a little bit different here is that we see some upsides for this kind of work also because clients are faced with new -- having new ways of working, having new deals that they're going to be working out for their employees, and we think there may be some opportunity to help clients with that as we go through. So maybe this is -- Talent and Rewards has some upside that we wouldn't normally see in a downturn.
 For most of the rest of our businesses, I don't think we see that kind of a lag. I think it's going to be more or less tied to the overall economic activity. I think sometimes in a downturn with Retirement, we can see that we actually have a little pickup in activity right in the beginning because our clients are very concerned with their funded status, with their contribution levels, with their accounting cost, so we actually get a bit of a pickup of that, at least in the very early months of a downturn. And so that might make the third quarter a little worse than the second, but it might be because the second quarter has a bit of a pickup.
 So I hope that's helpful. 
Michael Burwell: John, maybe I'd just add one comment to yours there is that I think it's also just to emphasize the point you made, which is, yes, when you look at our business, for example, in our HCB business, we have a lot of work that is nondiscretionary and repeat. For example, in Retirement that we have going on are recurring work, if you think about it. And the nonrecurring work or discretionary projects, yes, you're definitely seeing slow up and the timing of that is debatable, but it's being replaced by COVID-related support work.
 The agile of our colleagues and the way they're responding and supporting our clients in the marketplace is truly amazing and what they're doing in terms of replacing that revenue. So sorry, John, I just want to emphasize that point you made. 
John Haley: Yes. Thanks very much, Mike. And I think one of the -- as is usual with most things about COVID, so Mike is right on point with what he's saying. The only difficulty is, as to how that -- does that outweigh some of the downturn from some of the discretionary projects that get delayed or not? We don't know the relative size of those movements, Elyse. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And if we look at the BDA segment for the quarter, the margin actually did better year-over-year and better than I would have thought. And as I recall, with your original guidance for 2020, you had pointed to TRANZACT as being a hindrance to margins in the first part of the year just due to how that business comes online. But did the BDA segment, like, perform? Was there something going on within that quarter? Or is it just ongoing improvement maybe in the business away from TRANZACT? 
John Haley: I mean, I think they just had a good quarter is what we would say. I think the biggest point we wanted to make in the -- in thinking about the impact of TRANZACT or this year versus last year is that last year, we had TRANZACT only at the end of the year, and of course, that's when it's highly profitable in those quarters. And this year, we had them for the full year, and we do have the negative. But still compared to an improvement in BDA, and frankly, BDA is a business that we expect to be strong this whole year. 
Elyse Greenspan: That's helpful. And one last question. Have you guys ever disclosed your transportation and entertainment costs as a percent of your expenses? Or is there some way you can give us some concept, some way to kind of understand how much your expense base could benefit from the slowdown in T&E cost due to COVID and the lack of traveling? 
John Haley: I don't think we have ever disclosed that. The -- we've seen our -- our travel costs, so we actually have guidance out for our folks not to be traveling right now. And as we start to see things opening up, obviously, we'll be relaxing some of that. But throughout most of the world, we have people not traveling. I think one of the things we expect is, as we come back, and we actually have a task force working on this, we don't think we're going to return to the same ways of working. We think there are some things that we are doing with virtual meetings and with work-from-home that will become a feature of what we do. And so even when we come back, we will be traveling again, but we probably won't be traveling the same way or as frequently as we did. And so we'll have to see how that impact -- impact all pays out.
 But for the moment, we've had a reduction in our travel and entertainment expense. Of course, we've had some increase in the cost for our web hosting and some of our virtual meeting, but it's been a net savings. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: I realize that you are limited in what you can comment about the pending transaction. But I'm curious if you anticipate any slowdowns with regulatory approvals as a result of COVID. And with the stock down as much as it is and the market's obviously moved down too, but since the announcement, I never really envisioned that the company would be sold at a price below $200. Can you update us on shareholder feedback? 
John Haley: So I think, first of all, Greg, on the regulatory front, the regulators are working virtually. And I think they are, like a lot of other people, it's -- some of this is new to them, but I think they've become pretty good and reasonably efficient at that. At the margin, will that mean that things will be a little bit slower? Perhaps, but I think we don't see this as being an enormous impact.
 I think with regard to the feedback from shareholders, we've had pretty positive feedback from shareholders. I think they see the value of the opportunity. And they feel pretty good about what we can accomplish as a combined firm. And as I said, I think they see this as the next step in the evolution. 
Charles Peters: And then my second question is just around ASC 606. Obviously, when you're setting up the revenue assumption and the accounts receivable, net revenue you -- there's embedded assumptions around numbers of employees, et cetera, especially like in HCB. And with the dramatic rise in unemployment, I'm wondering about how you think your ASC 606 assumptions might change through the year as a result of just the chaos that's unfolding. 
John Haley: Mike, do you want to comment on that? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Yes. I will, John. Yes, we really don't see a meaningful change as it relates to it. In terms of thinking about it, Greg, I mean, it's a good question. It's something we're obviously looking at. But at this stage, right now, we don't see a meaningful change as it relates to the numbers. 
Charles Peters: Okay. And I guess the final question I should ask is -- and I know you covered this a little bit on your -- in your comments, John, but I feel like there's, among the corporate world, there's a growing sense of social responsibility because of this rising unemployment. And do you think that's going to impact synergy objectives when we think out a year or 2, just because it seems so relevant with a number of companies in the industry with [ no ] layoff pledges, et cetera. And I ask the same question of Marsh as well. So I thought I'd throw it at you, too. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, I think -- we want to make sure that we have -- we don't want to have people that are -- that we don't have work for in the thing. And I think some of our synergy targets are probably around that. A lot of our synergy targets are also around non-people-related costs also. But I think we'll take this all into account. But we want to be a company, a Willis Towers Watson has always been and I think Aon has been, and I think the combined firm will be a company that offers meaningful work and meaningful jobs and has great opportunities for our colleagues.
 And I was asked earlier about how our colleagues feel about the combination. And I think one of the things that's been very positive is, people see the increased opportunities that are going to be coming from the combination of the firms, and so I think that's the excitement. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dave Styblo with Jefferies. 
David Styblo: You guys had earlier talked about 80% to 85% of revenues, knowing that those -- what those are going to be for the year. Can you parse that down a little bit more so that we could understand what types of projects within there still might get pushed out? For example, does that include things like in Talent and Rewards, where there's an annual survey that's done to benchmark employee pay or salary? And other types of works that would be at higher risk of getting pushed out? And then if you could provide some color about the other 15% to 20% that's not known or renewable every year. What types of projects those are? So that we could just have a sense for puts and takes as you're evaluating the risk going forward? 
Michael Burwell: Sure. Yes. Why don't, Dave, -- thank you for the question. So let's just think about it, then I'll try to hit the highlights versus every single line of business here. But if you look at our HCB segment, think about Retirement, whether they're being done for trust or for a client, they're done every year. So we have multiyear arrangements that are in place, and we can never take for granted servicing clients. But we have multiyear arrangements that are in place in terms of doing that, so I don't know what the -- you think about it, maybe 70-30 or something like that, that's recurring, nonrecurring interest in terms of thinking about that.
 And if you look at it nonrecurring, they're thinking about, do they do bulk lump sum work, as I mentioned in my earlier comments, or other types of projects. And you're seeing some of that retrench in terms of the nonrecurring side of that equation.
 Or -- but equally, if you look at our TAS business or you look at our Talent and Rewards business, people are thinking about how do they manage their workforce, how do they deal with COVID-19. And so we're seeing the nature of those projects either shut off but change, but those annual surveys are very important to the client base in terms of what they're looking for.
 So we have multiyear arrangements sitting in HCB. We feel -- although the mix is changing, you are seeing some questions around some of that discretionary spend, but people are looking at how do they manage COVID-19 and we're putting solutions on the table.
 If you move to our CRB segment, I think, obviously, you're seeing general economic conditions. I think John mentioned this in his comments. I mean, look, if you're not putting up a construction project or obviously, you're seeing aerospace or hotels and anything related to the hospitality or entertainment spot are out there, but yet people still are looking at insurance. They may not buy as much insurance, but they still look at insurance needs, and we're seeing that, and we're obviously seeing -- we're very fortunate to see a bit of a tailwind on price.
 In reinsurance, when you think about that, our retention rates are going up really high because it's not first on people's mind to say, "I'm going to change my relationship. I really want to manage that relationship." And if you look at our IRR segment, in particular in reinsurance, again, the people are keeping their relationships in place, they're multiyear to be there. Our investment business are multiyear relationships that are there, that are included. So in our BDA segment, our long-term relationships in terms of various agreements and arrangements that we have on our exchanges.
 So yes, like as John said, it's 15%, 20% that's discretionary, but we feel pretty good about it. We're very fortunate to be in this situation to help our clients be successful and manage through it. But we are thinking about how it is that we manage the changing nature of the work and obviously meaningfully going after discretionary spend to make sure that we manage our cost base aligned with where our revenue is. 
David Styblo: Okay. And then the second one would just be on transaction with Aon. What gets you guys comfortable with potential overlap risk on the reinsurance book? How do you guys characterize that market and to the extent that you would be concerned about divestitures? 
John Haley: So look, we've had some extraordinarily good advice on the antitrust from some of the leading law firms in the world. And we feel pretty good about our ability to bring the 2 firms together. 
David Styblo: Okay. And then lastly, just on TRANZACT -- I appreciate the year-over-year growth color there. I am just wondering about the impact of corona there. What -- how is your ability then to transition all those folks to work from home and not miss out on potential call volume? And then also on the demand side, as seniors are deciding not to shop as much given some of the comments that we've heard out of Humana about a slowing sales cycle, curious what you guys are seeing from those trends as of going into April. I know March was obviously strong year-over-year. But is the slowdown perhaps in some senior buying manifesting down in TRANZACT right now? 
John Haley: So Mike, do you want to take that? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. If I could, John. I mean -- so Dave, thanks again for the question. I think Gene and his management team in BDA have done an outstanding job of reacting to the changes that have been happening from COVID-19 and being able to work remotely. In John's prepared remarks, he talked about 90%, 95% of our people, our colleagues, are working from home, and that includes TRANZACT. So much so that it's really between Gene and his leadership team, and even specifically drilling again into TRANZACT, have done a really good job of migrating the business to be able to run virtually. And it's truly impressive, frankly, how well they've been focused on serving clients and their ability to do it and such comes back to some of the things John said is we're really asking ourselves, what should be the ongoing business model going forward based on the work that they've done.
 So I think kudos to our team and the agility of the management team, we feel good about how well they've reacted to it. And just -- we feel very good about what that means, and we're very blessed and lucky to have that team in the way that they've responded. 
John Haley: And I guess the other thing I'd add is that we have not seen a decline in senior buying as a result of this. I think there's some impact that make some seniors a little less reluctant to buy. But on the other hand, we see more people at home with time to look at these opportunities also. So we don't foresee that as being a major issue. As I said, we expect BDA to be strong throughout the remainder of the year. 
Operator: This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to John Haley for closing remarks. 
John Haley: So thanks very much, everyone, for joining us on the call today. Again, as I said at the beginning, I hope you and your families all stay safe, and we look forward to updating you with our second quarter results. So long. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to our website for the press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next 3 months on our website. 
 Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in our recent Form 10-K and other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings. 
 During the call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. 
 I will now turn the call over to John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead. 
John Haley: Thank you very much, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our fourth quarter earnings call. With me here today is Mike Burwell, our Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Keefe, our Head of Investor Relations. 
 Today, we'll review our results for the fourth quarter and for the full year ended December 31, 2019. Then we'll provide a brief commentary on the outlook for 2020. 
 So as I look back on the last year, I think that our results were largely positive. We increased revenue, we improved margins, and we generated an impressive return for our shareholders. That said, we have more work to do to improve free cash flow, and we remain focused on executing against our strategy. 
 So before diving into the fourth quarter results, I'd like to take a moment to update you on some exciting activity that's already occurred this year. Two weeks ago, Willis Towers Watson returned to Davos to participate in the World Economic Forum. Now in our second year as a strategic partner of the World Economic Forum, our delegates convened to address areas of strategic importance to our business, including climate risk, the future of work, inclusion and diversity and cybersecurity. Quite a few members of our delegation led sessions during the week at Davos. I took part in sessions that continue the work of the coalition for climate resilient investment, a cooperative initiative, which we introduced last quarter. 
 We also launched a new offering, Climate Quantified, which helps organizations to quantify how they will be affected by the climate change trajectory and the effects of mitigation with climate adequate and resilient solutions. We also co-sponsored Bloomberg Live: The Year Ahead Davos event, where Julie Gebauer, Head of Human Capital and Benefits, spoke on organizational sustainability. Adam Garrard, our Head of Corporate Risk and Broking in our international geography, participated in a session on advancing cyber resilience for critical infrastructure. Carl Hess, the Head of Investment Risk and Reinsurance, joined the Friends of Ocean Action community session on increasing the role of the ocean to address some of the United Nation's global sustainable development goals. 
 All told, the company had a great lineup of events and speakers across Davos in addition to numerous client meetings. We were encouraged by the experience and are excited to play a proactive role within the global community that is working to build a more cohesive and sustainable future. 
 Now let's turn to our fourth quarter 2019 results. For the fourth quarter of 2019, we continued to deliver solid financial performance, with 14% overall constant currency growth, 6% organic revenue growth and 270 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion. Likewise, we had revenue and operating margin growth in each of our business segments again this quarter. This marks the sixth consecutive quarter in which we've generated organic revenue growth of 5% or greater along with improved margins. Our fourth quarter results reflect our efforts to constantly challenge ourselves and to deliver more. 
 Reported revenue for the fourth quarter was $2.7 billion, up 13% as compared to the prior year fourth quarter, up 14% on a constant currency basis and up 6% on an organic basis. Reported revenue included $22 million of negative currency movements. Net income was $551 million, up 44% for the fourth quarter as compared to $383 million of net income in the prior year fourth quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $930 million as compared to the prior year fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA of $774 million, representing a 20% increase. 
 For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $4.18, an increase of 45% compared to the prior year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $4.90. Reported revenue for full year of 2019 increased 6% as compared to the same period in the prior year, increased 9% on a constant currency basis and was up 5% on an organic basis. 
 Now let's look at each of the segments in more detail. To provide clear comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. Segment margins are calculated using segment revenues and they exclude unallocated corporate costs, such as amortization of intangibles, certain transaction and integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions as well as other items which we consider noncore to our operating results. The segment results do include discretionary compensation. 
 Revenue for Human Capital & Benefits, or HCB, was up 4% on an organic and constant currency basis compared to the fourth quarter of the prior year. For the full year of 2019, HCB revenues grew 4% organically. The Health and Benefits business grew 10% this quarter. New business and product revenue continued to drive revenue expansion in North America while our increasing market share and global benefit management appointments and new local and regional wins contributed to the growth in other geographies. Health and Benefits revenue growth was also aided by the lower revenue comparable in the prior year fourth quarter. The prior year results reflect the impact of adopting the new standard, ASC 606, which resulted in certain revenue not being recognized. 
 Retirement revenue increased 1% this quarter, primarily driven by continued momentum in the steady flow of bulk lump sum activity as the market for pension risk transfer remained attractive to plan sponsors in North America. Increased demand for consulting and advisory work in North America and international contributed to revenue growth in both Talent and Rewards and Technology and Administration Solutions. HCB's operating margin improved by 20 basis points compared to the prior year fourth quarter and improved by 130 basis points for the full year. As a trusted partner to our clients, HCB combines data analytics, strategic insight and brokerage and technology solutions to address our clients' most complex workforce and benefits challenges. 
 Our takeaways from Davos reinforced areas we had already prioritized. Reskilling in response to technology advances, enhancing diversity and inclusion as part of sustainability and leveraging AI to enhance the employee experience and improve well-being. As HCB's results indicate, we believe this segment is well positioned to address these issues and provide solutions that keep pace with our clients' evolving needs and therefore, continue growing profitability. 
 Now let's look at Corporate Risk & Broking, or CRB, which had a revenue increase of 9% on an organic and constant currency basis as compared to the prior year fourth quarter. For the full year of 2019, CRB revenues grew 6% organically. North America's revenues grew by 11% in the fourth quarter, primarily as a result of new business and improved retention. The international regions' revenues climbed 13% as compared to the prior year. There was notably strong performance in construction and natural resources in Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa. These results reflect the benefit of some onetime nonrecurring placements. Western Europe contributed 5% growth with the growth driven by strong new business in Iberia, France. Great Britain had 6% revenue growth driven by new business in aerospace and FINEX. 
 CRB revenue was $877 million with an operating margin of 30% as compared to a 29% operating margin in the prior year fourth quarter. The margin expanded due to top line performance, coupled with continued cost management efforts. We're pleased with the CRB top line growth for the year as well as the margin expansion for the quarter and the overall year. 
 CRB continues to make solid progress toward profitable growth, and we feel good about the long-term prospects of this business. The World Economic Forum Global Risks report 2019 ranked cyberattacks among the top 5 global risks, developing cybersecurity and resilience is critical to support socioeconomic growth. We believe our CRB business has established itself as one of the world's trusted experts in helping leaders adapt the right strategies to cover their cyber exposure. As cyberattacks continue to rise, we stand ready to help clients defend their innovations and build a more secure digital network world. 
 Turning to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance, or IRR. Revenue for the quarter was $314 million, an increase of 12% on an organic basis and 14% on a constant currency basis as compared to the prior year fourth quarter with meaningful growth across our core businesses. For the full year of 2019, IRR revenues grew 7% organically. Reinsurance, with growth of 19%, continue to lead the segment through a combination of net new business, along with a strong retention ratio across most lines and regions. Insurance Consulting and Technology grew by 10% from technology product sales and growth in project revenue. Investment revenue increased 9% with continued expansion of the delegated investment services portfolio. On an organic basis, wholesale revenue increased by 15%, driven by growth across the book. Overall, the wholesale business was up 24%, including the results from Miller's acquisition of Alston Gayler. Our Max Matthiessen business grew 3%, primarily from increased commission revenues. 
 IRR's operating margin grew 700 basis points to 9% in the fourth quarter compared to 2% in the prior year fourth quarter. Top line growth and greater operating leverage both contributed to the segment's margin improvement. Overall, we are pleased with the financial results of our IRR businesses. 
 Revenues for the Benefits Delivery & Administration segment, or BDA, increased by 53% from the prior year fourth quarter on a constant currency basis. On an organic basis, revenue grew 3% compared to the prior year fourth quarter. BDA's expanded mid and large market client base and increased project work resulted in the segment's growth. We continue to see strong demand for benefits. Outsourcing core service offerings resulting in several new client wins. For the full year of 2019, BDA revenue grew 4% organically. BDA's operating margin was 52% compared to 61% in the prior year fourth quarter due to the inclusion of TRANZACT in the current year. BDA's operating margin improved from 19% to 24% for the full year. TRANZACT's revenue growth exceeded our expectations. We're encouraged by TRANZACT's performance, and we continue to be excited about our joint trajectory as this business continues to gain momentum. 
 So in closing, we delivered another solid financial performance for the fourth quarter and for the full year. I also want to take a moment to recognize the hard work of our colleagues around the world and extend our appreciation for the work they've done this past year and for their steadfast dedication to providing top-notch client service. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John, and good morning to everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us. I'd also like to thank our colleagues for all their efforts and our clients for their continued support and trust in us. 
 So now let's turn to financial -- our financial overview. Let me first discuss income from operations. Income from operations for the fourth quarter was $687 million or 25.5% of revenue, up 570 basis points from the prior year fourth quarter of $470 million or 19.8% of revenue. Adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter was $809 million or 30.1% of revenue, up 270 basis points from the prior year of $650 million or 27.4% of revenue. 
 Income from operations for the full year of 2019 was $1.3 billion or 14.7% of revenue, up 520 basis points over the prior year of $809 million or 9.5% of revenue. Adjusted operating income for the full year of 2019 was $1.8 billion or 20.3% of revenue and up 220 basis points from the prior year of $1.5 billion or 18.1% of revenue. It should be noted that 30 basis points of our margin improvement in fiscal year 2019 was driven by TRANZACT related to the timing of the purchase. 
 Now let me turn to EPS or earnings per share. For the fourth quarters of 2019 and 2018, our diluted EPS was $4.18 and $2.89, respectively. For the fourth quarter of 2019, our adjusted EPS was up 23% to $4.90 per share as compared to $4 per share in the prior year fourth quarter. For the full years 2019 and 2018, diluted EPS was $8.02 and $5.27, respectively. For the full year 2019, adjusted EPS was up 13% to $10.96 per share versus $9.73 per share in the prior year. 
 Foreign currency caused a decrease in our consolidated revenue of $22 million for the quarter compared to the prior year fourth quarter, with a $0.05 headwind to adjusted diluted earnings per share this quarter. Foreign currency caused a decrease in our consolidated revenue of $192 million for the full year 2019 as compared to the prior year, with a $0.16 headwind to adjusted diluted earnings per share overall for the year. 
 Moving to taxes. I'd like to provide you with some additional insight into our U.S. GAAP and adjusted tax rates. Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the fourth quarter was 18.3% as compared to 19.7% for the prior year fourth quarter. Our adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 19.4%, a decrease from 20.4% rate in the prior year fourth quarter. Our adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter is lower than the prior year due to onetime discrete tax benefits. 
 Full year, the U.S. GAAP tax rate was 18.8% for 2019 as compared to 16% for the prior year, while the adjusted tax rate was 20.3% compared to 19.5% for the prior year. Excluding discrete items, our adjusted tax rate for the full year was approximately 21%. We will give forward guidance around our tax rate. We do not project discrete items, which can be positive and/or negative. 
 Moving to the balance sheet. We continue to have a strong financial position. As a reminder, in the first quarter, we implemented a new lease accounting standard. This result had no material impact to our operating income, but did result in increase in liabilities on our balance sheet, which are largely offset by a corresponding increase in assets. The gross-up totaled approximately $1.5 billion. 
 Our balance sheet position continues to strengthen. During the year, we successfully issued a $1 billion in senior notes offering to help with the efficiency of our capital structure and provide additional financial flexibility. Total debt at the end of 2019 was $5.6 billion compared with $5.9 billion at the end of the third quarter. Our term loan commitment resulting from TRANZACT acquisition had a $295 million balance as of the end of the year, down from $463 million as of the third quarter, and we had no borrowings at year-end under our revolving credit facility. Our next debt maturities due date is July 2020. 
 Lastly, full year free cash flow was $835 million, a decrease of $185 million compared to the prior year of $1.2 billion. The year-over-year decline in free cash flow is primarily due to higher cash tax payments of $130 million, resulting from the U.S. and global tax reform, unfavorable working capital changes, particularly in accounts receivable and negative cash flows of TRANZACT. 
 In terms of capital allocation for the full year of 2019, we repurchased approximately $150 million in Willis Towers Watson stock and paid approximately $329 million in dividends. We remain committed to deleveraging in the near term, returning our leverage ratio to historic levels, improving our free cash flow position. 
 Now that we summarize last year's performance, let's look ahead to our guidance for fiscal year 2020. Turning to revenue. For the company, we expect organic revenue growth of around 4% to 5% and 6% to 7% on an overall constant currency basis for 2020. Our noncash pension income, which is classified within other income net line, is expected to improve by approximately $50 million due primarily to improved returns on planned assets. 
 Pertaining to tax, we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be around 20% for fiscal year 2020, excluding any potential discrete items. Annual guidance assumes average currency rates of $1.31 to the pound and $1.11 to the euro. Assuming exchange rates remain at current levels, we expect FX to be a headwind to adjusted EPS by 2020 by approximately $0.10 per share, and we expect most of this impact in the first quarter. 
 Adjusted diluted earnings per share is projected to be in line with the range of $11.80 to $12.10. This guidance includes the impact from the expected headwind items to adjusted diluted earnings per share, such as the currency of $0.10. 
 Finally, we expect free cash flow to be around $1 billion, which assumes the Stanford settlement will no longer be subject to further appeal, and we will make approximately $120 million payment in 2020. 
 In summary, we've seen good acceleration of revenue growth and positive operating leverage this quarter, I'm pleased with the results and the continued momentum of our businesses. There is still a lot of opportunity ahead of us, and we remain focused on executing on our strategy. 
 So before I turn the call back to John, I do want to mention, this year, we'll be hosting an Investor Day in Washington, D.C. on March 20, and we look forward to seeing you there. 
 So now, I'll turn the call back over to you, John. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks, Mike. And with that, I'd like to open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Mike, you guys are doing such a good job in improving the organic growth rate of the various businesses, but the free cash flow is just really a sore point. And -- could you just comment on what is exactly the issue? And how should we be thinking about that? What's -- where are you falling so far behind? And how should we think about that for 2020? What changes are happening that are going to kind of impact the company a lot more than what we've seen over the last year? 
Michael Burwell: Sure. Thanks for the question, Shlomo. I guess, first is, obviously, to your point, we're working very hard on it. We're not pleased with the outcome in terms of where we landed for the current year, but here's what we're doing about it. One is that we have tied variable compensation to the top 500 people in the company to the established goals that we have, and that has been implemented. Equally, that's true for the operating committee of the organization. Additionally, we are in the process of implementing a contract management and cash management system to manage contract terms more directly and consistently, and we've established a contracted cash task force with individuals that are 100% dedicated to focus on improved and sustainable performance in the area. So we're very focused on it, I guess, is the bottom line. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: And is there any like one specific thing? Is it a matter of just like communication with the customers? Is it -- in other words, is there a few items that you can point to that are saying, "Hey, this is just where things are not getting done?" 
Michael Burwell: I would tell you, we look at the entirety of the process, Shlomo, and from top to bottom. So every area, we can see that there's areas for improvement. Obviously, we've made some progress, but we'll look at it as a totality of the process itself and are not leaving any stones unturned in terms of going after it. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, great. And then, John, can you talk a little bit more about what's going on with TRANZACT. You said that it had better revenue growth than expected. Can you just give us a little bit more commentary about what you expect from this company over the next year and the general trends that you're seeing in that business? 
John Haley: Yes. So I think -- look, Shlomo, when we bought TRANZACT, we expected this to be, at least for the short to medium term, a relatively high-growth business. And we had a business case, I think, where it was going to grow in excess of 20%. That's the basis we did the deal on. And we thought there was even a possibility that revenue growth could get to 30% or even 35% in the first year. We actually passed -- surpassed all those, we grew by over 50%. And it has been -- our TRANZACT colleagues have just done a terrific job of gearing up and taking on all these -- all this additional revenue. Our Medicare Advantage grew by about 94%. So very good growth there and what's probably the most important part of that market. We expect that -- we still have this expectation that we're going to continue to see this to be a high-growth business for the short to medium term. And even though we have a pretty tough comparable and a base we're building on, we're still expecting to see over 20% growth for the next several years. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, Great. Okay. There's one more housekeeping. Mike, what is the currency impact on a dollar basis expected in 2020? You noted like $0.10 on the EPS. But if I were to look at it on revenue, is there a number you guys have embedded in the guidance? 
Michael Burwell: It's very nominal, Shlomo. It's -- this is really on expenses. I mean it's really small on revenue. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Peters from Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: First up on organic. For the fourth quarter, you posted some pretty impressive results, especially in CRB. And I know you provided guidance for next year around organic. Is there anything unusual to what happened in the fourth quarter? Any specific items you can call out to help us get a sense of why it was so strong? 
John Haley: I think our folks really worked hard with clients and delivered in the fourth quarter. I did call out we had some onetime projects in construction and natural resources, which were a big help to that. And that's actually the nature of construction and natural resources projects tend to be more episodic than in some of the others. So we had a couple of those. But frankly, Greg, when you look at it, our growth was really pretty much across-the-board. It wasn't like we just had one area that was way ahead of all the others. They all performed, I think, at the top of what we might have expected. 
Charles Peters: Yes. Can I pivot to the guidance on the operating margin for fiscal year 2020, you're guiding to an operating margin of around 20.5%, and I think that's just a 20 basis point improvement over 2019. It seems like there's better opportunities, especially with the growth you're posting. Can you walk us through why you're not anticipating better margin expansion? 
Michael Burwell: Sure, Greg. So as I said in my prepared remarks, when you look at TRANZACT, for fiscal year '19, it really had about a 30 basis points improvement, so -- and we had originally targeted being around 20%. And so when you normalize that, that gets you more like 20%. And then if you looked at 20.5%, and we've talked about 50 to 70 basis points on an annual basis in terms of what that improvement would look like, that's really what we're targeting on a normalized basis in terms of thinking about it. 
Charles Peters: Got it. That makes sense. And then can we pivot to BDA, ex-TRANZACT, because it looks like the business slowed down, maybe the legacy exchanges business or -- can you give us some color there? 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think, BDA is one we've been talking about for a while now that with the tremendous success we've had penetrating that market over the years, there's still opportunities left, but the opportunities tend to be more a few mega opportunities that are episodic now. And so we're not surprised. The sales cycle on these large ones take some time, and we're continuing to work on them. So we'll see some years where we have a big jump up, but I don't think you're going to see the steady growth because you don't have the same pipeline of clients there. It's one of the reasons why we're really focused now on our technology and operations to make sure we maintain our market leadership as the go-to marketplace for the Retiree medical. 
Charles Peters: Got it. Listen, I realize you're not going to make some announcement regarding management on this conference call, but it feels like when we get to the end of this year, there's going to be some retirements. And can you give us an idea of when you expect the Board and the company to announce when there are -- who the next lineup of executives are going to be running some of the businesses? 
John Haley: Sure. So look, you're right, we're not in a position to provide any real details right now, but let me tell you this. The Willis Towers Watson Board of Directors, of course, they're the ones who lead the succession process for the role of CEO. And the Board acting through the governance committee is actively engaged in the whole succession planning process. And this isn't something that has happened this year or last year or even just the year before. This has been a multiyear thinking about what our talent is and how we bring them along and how we develop them. And so the Board and the governance committee have been regularly involved in that. They meet with me and our Head of Human Resources on a regular basis. We've engaged a third-party to make sure we have an outside look at the experience and attributes of our candidates. Our expectation is that we will name a new CEO in the second half of this year. So we're going to make sure we have enough time to allow an orderly transition. But other than that, that's pretty much all I can say at the moment. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. 
John Haley: We're not hearing anything. Could we maybe move on and come back to Elyse in a little bit. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon from Baird. 
Mark Marcon: First on CRB within North America, really good performance. How sustainable is that? And what are the specific areas of strength? And to what extent is -- how big could the cyber opportunity be? 
John Haley: Yes. Let me just -- and Mike may want to weigh in on this. I mean look, the CRB in North America growth, I think, was 11% in the fourth quarter, 11% is a real big number. But they had very good growth even throughout the year, not as high as 11%, but still a very good growth throughout the year. I think when you talk to folks in the industry, generally, the middle market, in particular, in North America is one that people are focused on, and it's one of our relative strength. So we feel pretty good about that. I mean I know when we talked about our projections for this year, there was some question of was our -- why our revenue growth projection is more modest. And what we said was we prefer to budget on a more modest basis, but we thought we would make sure we grew as fast as the market or faster. And I think we've delivered on that. And that's pretty much the expectation, I think, we have going forward. 
 I think cyber is something where there is fantastic opportunity long run. I think that's going to require the market developing the right kind of policies and the right kind of solutions for clients. I don't think the market is there yet, but I think we're moving towards that. And as we do, it'll be a tremendous opportunity. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And then when we take a look at the overall guidance for 2020 in terms of the 4% to 5% organic growth, you mentioned TRANZACT should continue to grow at least 20% plus year-over-year. So that will drive that segment. For the other segments, are we taking the same sort of general stance in terms of generally assuming 4% to 5% growth for each of those, and then we'll lock it up as the year goes on? Or how should we think about that? 
John Haley: Yes. No, we -- look, we -- obviously, we don't disclose our -- we don't get into all the details of how we do it. But Mark, when we build our overall growth for the company, we do it segment by segment, almost line of business by line of business. So we go through, and we do think, for example, I mean, and just as one clear thing, CRB is going to grow faster than Retirement. We just pretty much know that. So we build the models that way, but -- and then we just give a revenue growth for the company. 
Mark Marcon: Terrific. And then a question for Mike. Just on the free cash flow. Can you disaggregate the impact of TRANZACT relative to the DSOs? And what the major source of improvement for next year is going to be in terms of whether it's TRANZACT normalizing or the goal for DSOs? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So Mark, as it relates to TRANZACT, I mean when we looked at TRANZACT, and we originally did the diligence and understood TRANZACT. With the revenue growth rates it was having, we knew there will be some level of cash implications to it or a drag, if you will, but it was minor. But given the growth rates that we had, it turned a bit more significant because of the build of what we had to do for -- across-the-board in licensed agents, investments, et cetera, to make sure that we could satisfy that what we saw as the market demand. And our team there, I think, did a wonderful job in making sure that they were well positioned to be able to take advantage of that growth. So I think that's the one issue as it relates to TRANZACT. 
 I think as it relates to our receivables, we just saw it build a bit more. And as I said earlier, I was really looking at the -- from contracting and how we set up the contracts to ultimately how we collect that cash. So contracted cash from a process standpoint, we're very focused on it. So we did see that receivables build. And so we're very focused on improving that going forward. So hopefully, that gives you some further insight. 
John Haley: Yes. And maybe I could just mention that, Mark, when you -- when we think about this, we had the -- we had TRANZACT. And as Mike said, when we first did it, we had the deal cost for TRANZACT, and we knew we would have some sort of impact just from financing the growth there. We thought, well, we're not going to bother updating our forecast for that. It turned out the growth was bigger than we expected, and it became a more sizable number as a result of that. 
 I think the tax payments were a surprise to us. The cash tax payments being than what we had projected. And that's one of the things that, I think, Mike has done a good job of putting in a much better forecasting system for this coming year, so that we won't have those kind of surprises. But that -- a better forecasting system, which we needed because clearly, we missed some things. And then also we were focused on improving our cash collection, but we were focused on improving it without having the right kind of incentives built in to our whole compensation system. And the fact that we're now building these right kind of incentives, and I think some very significant incentives into improving our cash collection, gives us a lot more confidence going into this year. 
Mark Marcon: I appreciate the long-term efficacy of your incentive planning. It always work. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Suneet Kamath from Citi. 
Suneet Kamath: I just wanted to go back to the free cash flow for a second. Just -- I think last quarter, you guys were pretty optimistic about the $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, and obviously, as you said, came in below that. So -- and maybe just to answer it, but I just want to clarify, I mean what was the surprise? Was it the cash taxes or was it TRANZACT? Obviously, something happened just towards the end of the year, and I just want to make sure I'm clear on what that was. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think, we actually lowered our cash forecast last year from the $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion down to, what, $900 million to $1.1 billion, we had said it would be. So we -- excuse me. We kept -- we said $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion. Okay, lovely. We were concerned about where it would come, I guess, anyway. But the -- look, we had -- the TRANZACT was bigger than we thought. We had the cash taxes, and the cash taxes were about $130 million higher. And so we knew that was going to be weighing on us to begin with. And then we had the -- the decline in receivables, though, was something that we did not expect. That was something that was a surprise to us. 
Michael Burwell: And I would only add to your comments, John. I mean we always know the fourth quarter is an outsized quarter for us just in terms of timing. So when we sat there at the end of the third quarter, we knew exactly where we had stood. We knew what we had done in the prior year fourth quarter. These couple of points that John just raised influenced it. But frankly, we were worried about working capital build. And that's why we took the guidance down at the end of the third quarter. And in fact, that's what we saw actually really build in receivables. And so that's really the -- one of the improvements that we're looking at is really driving that improvement in working capital. Obviously, the driver is coming back to free cash flow. We've seen some reduction in CapEx. We obviously know operating income is a big driver of it and obviously working capital, and that's the area that -- from a process standpoint, again, go back to from contracting to make sure we are looking at our terms at the beginning until the ultimate cash collection process is really where we're going. And as John referenced, I would not underestimate what this means going forward in terms of the incentives we put in place -- are putting in place throughout the organization. 
Suneet Kamath: Makes sense. And I guess, if we look at 2020, your cash flow guidance would imply something like, I don't know, high-teens growth in free cash flow. Are you still guiding to kind of longer-term that growth rate to be around 15%? 
John Haley: Well, we're sort of laser-focused on what we're going to do for next year right now. But I would say, if you look at us where we're growing, our guidance of $1 billion is after we anticipate paying the Stanford settlement, too. So it's closer to a 30% to 35% growth in free cash flow. 
Suneet Kamath: Got it. And then just lastly, on the capital management or capital return outlook for 2020. I'm assuming you're going to continue to target double-digit growth in dividends. But any color in terms of what you're expecting for share repurchases? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So as you know, given the acquisition of TRANZACT, last year, we really had nominal share repurchases, which were really just to manage so that we weren't dilutive as it relates to our employee benefit programs, and we would anticipate doing that again as we think about '20. Additionally, when you look at our dividend payments, there are -- $350 million to $370 million kind of range that are there. And then equally, then you got to look at and say, we've committed to paying our debt down related to TRANZACT, as I referenced. If you look at our current debt-to-EBITDA ratios, we're more in the 2.4% range, and we're looking to get closer to 2.0%. So that will really be where we're looking to deploy capital, at least as we look at 2020. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, going back to the margin discussion, I understand from one of the earlier questions, you pointed to kind of neutralizing for TRANZACT, right, and then still being within that 50% to 70% target. But I guess, I'm more thinking about the segments and just conceptually, maybe you don't want to guide to a certain level. But I thought the goal was to improve CRB? I know there's a delta between where you guys are and where some of your peers are running in their brokerage business. So does like -- does this operating margin guide assume that there is going to be underlying margin improvement in CRB and perhaps also in IRR, HCB, and it's just offset by kind of the accounting impact of when that TRANZACT deal comes on? 
John Haley: Well, I mean I think -- so Elyse, just like we do the revenue growth in response to Mark Marcon's question, I was saying, we project our revenue growth line of business by line of business and then build that up to company here, and the revenue growth is not the same across all of them. We project our margin line of business by line of business. And certainly, we see more opportunities for margin improvement in CRB, where we're trailing some of our peers in terms of what we have been, say retirement, where we're ahead of our peers. So those are reflected in our projections, yes. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then as we think about free cash flow for 2020, I just kind of want to understand the seasonality. I'm not sure if you guys have a sense of the timing of the Stanford litigation. And I know typically, cash flow is weak in the first quarter. And then also, is there any seasonality to that guide? And then another part of that question would be, does the 2020 free cash flow guide imply that a pretty sure TRANZACT is negative from a free cash flow perspective? Does it take that drag into account? 
John Haley: It does take the TRANZACT drag into account, so I start with that. I think Stanford, it seems like it's at a place where we should be able to pay up. But we've thought for a couple of years now, we would be able to pay it, and the court system drags things on longer than we had thought. We don't have a particular time when we're estimating it during the year. But we will alert you when we've made the payment. And then clearly, there's a lot of seasonality. Our cash flow is highly skewed towards the second half of the year. We have tax payments tend to come in the first quarter. We have our bonus payments in the first or second quarter. And so we have a lot of cash strain in the beginning of the year. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that's helpful. And my last question is on leverage. You guys have obviously been managing down your leverage and to close the TRANZACT acquisition. Does the -- I just kind of want to get a sense of the interest expense expected with the guide? Does it -- are you going to pay down more of your leverage as we move through 2020? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So Elyse, the game plan is to do that. And we're looking to do that as part of our capital deployment. So you should continue to see. And as you've seen us do from the third quarter to the fourth quarter in terms of that reduction, you're going to continue to see that over the first half of 2020 in terms of us really addressing that outstanding balance, which will obviously have the corollary effect to interest expense. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. 
Yaron Kinar: A couple more on free cash flow. First, the TRANZACT, considering that it is a -- still in startup mode, still growing very rapidly. How long do you see that as being a cash drag for the business? 
Michael Burwell: I mean we continue to see is -- with those kinds of growth rates that are there, Yaron, which we projected out over the next 4 to 5 years, we're continuing to see that. But we only -- look, from a cash standpoint, we only see it about a year out in terms of -- so with growth rates we see over the 5 years, we really see the cash side of that equation really starting to go only a year or so in terms of its drag on cash. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then on the DSO side and maybe tying coming back to the seasonality question earlier. I would think that a lot of the contracts got renewed at the very end of the year or the very beginning of the year. So I would think that a lot of the contract changes in language with regards to DSO would be in place by the first quarter of 2020, and the variable comp adjustment that you've made is also probably in place already. Shouldn't there be a little bit of an offset to the regular seasonality just by a lift from DSO in the first quarter? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean we've got a lot of factors in that first quarter. As you rightly said, I mean we were attacking all the contractual terms that we have to be in place. We're aligning it from a variable compensation standpoint. But we also have the bonus payments, we have tax payments and those amounts that come in there. And candidly, we're looking to make sure we meet what we're saying we've put out there in terms of expectations around. So that's the game plan. I understand what the logic where you're going, but we see the first half of the year being more of a use of cash and really see it. And if you look back historically in the company, you really see it build over the second half of the year with the fourth quarter being outsized in terms of cash coming in. 
John Haley: And I would just point out that the changes to the variable compensation plan, which are -- I mean we've discussed with the Board and the comp committee, they won't be formally put in place until the end of this month at our Board meeting, but we've discussed making these changes with them. So we'll have those in there, but they weren't in last year. And so we'll see the impact from them in this year. But I would hesitate to ascribe any effect to them from last year. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then my other question is just going to the HCB margins. I think if we adjust out the accounting catch-up, the ASC 606, margins actually declined by about 50 basis points year-over-year in this quarter. So a, is my math roughly right? And b, if it is, what caused that decline, considering that organic growth was actually up? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean your calculation -- your math calculation seems maybe a little high just in terms of how you calculate it. We didn't have it quite that way. So it may be a flat to slight decline really is kind of how we've looked at it, Yaron. So that would be our thoughts in terms of the numbers, just to give you that feedback. 
Yaron Kinar: And what would have caused that decline? 
John Haley: Well, there is a bit of a portfolio shift. Retirement is -- which is the most profitable, is growing slower than some of the others. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes from SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: Has there been any change in your write-off of receivables? Any change in bad debt trends? 
Michael Burwell: No. Actually, we've been going after that. So it hasn't been. If anything, we've been really making progress on collecting some of the older stuff that we've had in terms of dealing with it. So no, no change in policy, no accounting change, and nothing that way. 
Mark Hughes: Is it fair to think that the faster organic growth in the cash drag, it's just really 2 sides of the same coin that you're -- you've got more receivables in the business because you're growing the top line faster? Does that make sense? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean you look at it on a year-over-year basis, I mean at the beginning of December 2018, and how it rolled into January of '19 in comparison to December of '19 and how it rolls into '20, there's definitely some element of that. And so it's difficult to absolutely quantify it. But I think to your point, yes, I think that there's some portion of that. 
Mark Hughes: And then finally, IRR, you really had an acceleration this quarter, especially thinking relative to Q3. How much of that carries over into 2020? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. There's definitely multiyear arrangements that are included in there, and there is definitely an impact that's there. But the other thing, I guess I'd just point out, our Reinsurance business, in particular, was very strong as well as our Investment business, as John commented in his opening comments there. I mean overall -- so yes, there is some impact to that. 
John Haley: But I mean, I think if you think back to a year or 2 ago, when particularly Insurance Consulting and Technology Investments were slow growing, and we said we thought we like the future outlook for them. And I think we're seeing that come to fruition this year. So we like where they were positioned in 2019. We feel good about them going forward. I'm not sure they're going to grow as fast as they did in the quarter of 2019. But we like our positioning and we like our growth prospects there. And I think, we feel the same way about Reinsurance. Look, the whole Reinsurance market was very positive. We're very strong in the fourth quarter. We think we grew as fast as anybody else or faster. And so we feel good about that. And we think we'll perform well against the market in the future. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields from KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Great. I was hoping to start with some, maybe, guidance on how much margin headwind you expect in 2020 from the inclusion of TRANZACT, I guess, earlier quarters? 
John Haley: So we think that's probably about what, 1% or something like that? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, 1%. 
John Haley: 1%. 
Meyer Shields: So 1% margin drag? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Just a reminder, back -- remember, we acquired TRANZACT in July of 2019, right? And you go back from that acquisition, you had 5 months of revenue and 5 months of expense. Obviously, we're going to have it for a full year as we look into 2020. 
Meyer Shields: Right. Now I understand and I'm thinking that, that's actually very good news because it implies better underlying margin expansion. Can you give us a sense in terms of the nonrecurring CRB items in the fourth quarter, just magnitude? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, we really -- we're not really -- don't disclose the individual deals or the -- those particular aspects to it. 
John Haley: And the problem with doing that, too, is there -- when there's a couple of notable ones, we note them. They say, "Oh, those are big ones," but there might be a lot of other smaller ones, and we just don't have a system for aggregating them. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Zaremski from Crdit Suisse. 
Michael Zaremski: I guess starting with a question on free cash flow. Our pension cash contributions or maybe CapEx, are those slight year-over-year headwinds? 
Michael Burwell: No, we -- no, we don't see that way. As we look at next year, we don't see that, Mike. No. We see them in a reasonable... 
John Haley: About the same, yes. 
Michael Burwell: Same, yes. 
Michael Zaremski: Okay. And if I just think about the organic growth outlook, would you kind of categorize organic growth is kind of being more of a tailwind in recent quarters and kind of going into 2020? And also remind us, will TRANZACT's growth eventually move into the calculation in the back half of '20? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So starting with your last question first. Yes, TRANZACT, I mean as soon as we get to same-store sales, then we will include it in there from an organic growth standpoint. In terms of your question about tailwinds on organic growth. Yes, in certain of our business, we -- if you look at it, we've seen some pricing. So if you look back to our marketplace realities report that we put out, most recent one in November 2019, you definitely continue to see price in the marketplace continues to be a tailwind, but equally obviously we got to do the right thing for our customers and clients and thinking through that. But we have seen some pricing tailwind come through that. And if you look at our organic growth rates, we've been right at the market and we look at our peers in terms of what we've been growing at. So when we put out there for organic growth rate for the current year, we had 4% to 5%, and we build our budgets, and we've been pretty consistent around it, looking at 4% in terms of how we're more skewed that way in terms of how we think about it. But we're being realistic in recognizing the tailwinds that we see out there. So that's why we went with 4% and 5%. 
John Haley: Yes. And the only other thing I'd add to that is that pricing is only one part of the equation for us in the revenue because as prices go up, people buy less of it. And so it's the net, that is what we're trying to solve for. 
Michael Zaremski: And I guess just lastly, to follow up to that. Can you remind us what roughly of your -- on the insurance side of the business, the breakdown of commission versus fee? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Mike, we really haven't disclosed that. So I appreciate the question, but we really haven't given that information. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Piper Sandler. 
Jon Paul Newsome: Just 1 question left. Does the cash flow change that we had in '19, and I guess, perhaps here in 2020, does that have an impact on the speed at which you're going to be deleveraging the -- over the course this year? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean what -- in a sense that -- we kind of know where the patterns have been. I guess, we said a couple -- responding to a couple of earlier questions. In that, we obviously pay bonuses -- cash bonuses. At the end of the first quarter, we have tax payments. We have some real outflows of cash. But then we start to see a build through the rest of the year. And the intent is obviously to really deal with that term loan that's out there over the first half of the year or by the end of the second quarter. 
Jon Paul Newsome: Okay. So the term loan should be done by the end of this -- hopefully, by the end of the first year. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. It's a 1-year term loan. So... 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. 
Brian Meredith: I just have 1 or 2 quick ones here left. One, just curious, if I look at the TRANZACT margins and just the impact on margins overall, if I kind of look at on a pro forma basis, is TRANZACT -- assuming you have a full year 2020 and it was full year 2019, is it accretive to the BDA margins and overall company margins? Or is it kind of dilutive or in line? I understand that the pressure exist from timing perspective, how it's going to hurt 2020? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So when you look at the full year, it will be accretive overall. Again, just going back, when you look at and we talked about this in terms of where the margins ended up in the fourth quarter, we're actually down for BDA overall. And that being down was, although TRANZACT has very good margins and we're very pleased with their margins, you only had 5 months of expenses and 5 months of revenue that was included in there. And so the margin was a bit higher, and we've normalized that as we think about fiscal year '20. But as to your first question, it is absolutely accretive, and we're excited about -- with that growth and what we're going to see. 
John Haley: But accretive, but lower percentage margins. So the TRANZACT margins, when we bring TRANZACT in, it adds to the dollars of earnings we have, but it's a lower percentage. 
Brian Meredith: So it's a lower operating margin percentage. I got you. 
John Haley: Exactly. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. 
Brian Meredith: Got you. And I was wondering if there's any difference, like seasonality of TRANZACT versus the rest of your BDA business. 
John Haley: Not that different compared to our regular exchange business. Our regular exchange business is a little less seasonal than TRANZACT, but not... 
Michael Burwell: Not that much. 
John Haley: Worlds apart. 
Brian Meredith: Okay. That's helpful. And lastly, I just want to follow up on Mike's question. Just want to confirm here that in your guidance, you have nothing assumed for kind of improving organic revenue growth in IRR business or the brokerage business, CRB business, for pricing in the commercialized marketplace? 
John Haley: Well, yes, we do. We do have something in there. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. 
Brian Meredith: And how much roughly? And is it consistent with... 
John Haley: We don't go into -- we don't do that. We're saying, we want to do things by line of business in this segment. 
Michael Burwell: And that's how we build it up, but that's not how we... 
John Haley: Yes, we build it up. And that was an answer I made to an earlier question. We do build up our things by -- differentially by segment in terms of revenue growth and in terms of margins. So it's -- that's clearly impacted. 
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to John Haley for closing remarks. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and I look forward to seeing all of you in March. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to our website for the press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next 3 months on our website. 
 Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company takes -- undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in our most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings. 
 During the call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website. 
 I'll now turn the call over to John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead. 
John Haley: Okay. Good morning. Sorry. Hello, everyone. Thanks for joining us on our third quarter earnings call. 
 So with me here today is Mike Burwell, our Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Keefe, Head of Investor Relations. We'll start by providing an overview of our results for the third quarter of 2019, and then we'll discuss the outlook for the remainder of the year. 
 For the third quarter of 2019, we continued to deliver solid financial performance, with 9% overall constant currency revenue growth, 6% organic revenue growth and 120 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion. Likewise, we had revenue and operating margin growth in each of our business segments again this quarter. 
 Overall, this marks the fifth consecutive quarter in which we generated organic revenue growth of 5% or greater, along with improved margins. Our third quarter results reflect our focus to deliver consistent financial results across the company and create value for our clients, colleagues and shareholders. 
 This has been another successful quarter for Willis Towers Watson. We continue to see solid performance in key high value-added areas. And of course, we also completed the acquisition of TRANZACT, which generated measurable revenue growth in the 2 months that followed. Overall, I'm pleased with the progress we've made toward our full year goals. We continue to see strong demand for our services and solutions. I feel good about our business and our ability to deliver a solid fourth quarter. 
 Before taking you through the details of our third quarter results, I'd like to tell you about some exciting work we're doing related to climate resilience as part of a public-private collaboration along with leading organizations from across the global financial sector, various governments and other international institutions. Climate change poses a global threat from the world's most vulnerable nations to even the most advanced economies' critical infrastructure. I'm honored that Willis Towers Watson recently participated in the UN Climate Action Summit, launching the coalition for climate-resilient investment. At launch, the coalition already had commitments from over 30 organizations across the infrastructure investment value chain, with assets totaling -- under management totaling $5 trillion, and those numbers are growing. We believe there is a crucial need to better understand the risk posed by climate change to our societies and economies and to reflect proper pricing for climate risk in financial decision-making. This will better direct investments towards infrastructures capable of withstanding a changing climate. Providing a methodology to quantify the economic and financial benefits will enable financial markets to embed resilience upfront. 
 To that end, Willis Towers Watson, as part of the coalition, is committing to 3 main initiatives. The first is the development of analytical tools, including a physical risk pricing framework and the methodology to prioritize national resilient investment needs. Pricing the risk posed by climate change will create opportunities to build a network of resilient infrastructures in high-, medium- and low-income countries, enabling us to better prevent future human and financial disasters. 
 The second is the creation of innovative investments such as resilience bonds. There are 6 country pilot projects where innovations such as these will be trialed. 
 The third is working in close collaboration with other related initiatives, such as the coalition for disaster-resilient infrastructure and the coalition of finance ministers for climate action. Working with the coalition, we'll be able to harness a unique combination of the rapid advancement of climate risk analytics, coupled with ambitious regulatory and investor-led initiatives, so that vulnerable geographies continue to attract investment and the infrastructure is built to withstand future climatic risks. We're well-positioned to do our part to help prevent human and financial disasters, transform mainstream infrastructure investment and drive this shift towards a climate-resilient economy for all countries, all of which is aligned with our purpose to create clarity and confidence today for a more sustainable tomorrow. 
 So now let's turn to our third quarter results. Reported revenue for the third quarter was $2 billion, up 7% as compared to the prior year third quarter and up 9% on a constant currency basis and up 6% on organic basis. Reported revenue included $36 million of negative currency movement. Once again, this quarter, we experienced growth on an organic basis across all segments and all geographies. 
 Net income was $80 million, up 74% for the third quarter as compared to $46 million of net income in the prior year third quarter. 
 Adjusted EBITDA was $344 million as compared to the prior year third quarter adjusted EBITDA of $313 million, representing a 10% increase. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $0.58, an increase of 76% compared to prior year. 
 Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.31. 
 Reported revenue for the first 9 months of 2019 increased 3% as compared to the same period in the prior year, increased 6% on a constant currency basis and was up 5% on an organic basis. 
 Now let's look at each of the segments in more detail. To provide clear comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding results of our segments will be on an organic basis, unless specifically stated otherwise. Segment margins are calculated using segment revenues and exclude unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles, certain transaction and integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions as well as other items which we consider noncore to our operating results. The segment results do include discretionary compensation. 
 Revenue for our largest segment, Human Capital & Benefits, or HCB, was up 6% on an organic and constant currency basis compared to the third quarter of the prior year. For the first 9 months of 2019, HCB revenues grew 4% organically. The Health & Benefit business grew 7% this quarter. New business and product revenue continued to drive revenue expansion in North America. While our increasing market share and global benefits management appointments, and new local and regional wins contributed to the growth in other geographies. 
 Health & Benefits revenue growth was also aided by the lower revenue comparable in the prior year third quarter. The prior year results reflect the impact of adopting new revenue standard, ASC 606, which resulted in certain revenue not being recognized. 
 Talent and Rewards revenue grew 9% as a result of increased advisory work in North America and International. Technology and Administration Solutions revenue increased 11% this quarter. This growth was build on new business activity, primarily in Western Europe and Great Britain on top of high client retention rates. 
 Retirement returned to revenue growth this quarter with an increase of 1%, which was primarily driven by robust pension derisking activity in the large plan market. HCB's operating margin improved by 160 basis points to 27% compared to the prior year third quarter. As a trusted adviser, HCB combines research, data and strategic insight to address our clients' most complex workforce challenges. Employers must constantly adapt to the inevitable changes brought on by today's business landscape. 
 As HCB's results indicate, the segment's well-positioned to continue growing profitably while providing solutions that keep pace with our clients' evolving values. 
 Now let's look at our Corporate Risk & Broking, or CRB, which had a revenue increase of 7% on a constant currency and organic basis as compared to the prior year third quarter. For the first 9 months of 2019, CRB revenues grew 5% organically. North America's revenue grew by 9% in the third quarter, primarily as a result of new business and improved retention. The International regions revenue climbed 14% compared to the prior year. There was notably strong performance in construction and natural resources in Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa, combined with the continued momentum in Latin America, particularly, in Brazil and in Central America and the Caribbean. 
 Western Europe contributed 2% revenue growth, with the growth driven by strong new business in France, Denmark and Iberia. Great Britain had 2% revenue growth, driven by new business in aerospace, construction and FINEX. 
 CRB revenue was $651 million with an operating margin of 12% as compared to an 11% operating margin in the prior year third quarter. The margin expanded due to top line performance, coupled with continued cost management efforts. We're pleased with the CRB top line growth for the year as well as the margin expansion for the quarter and the overall year. CRB continues to make solid progress towards profitable growth. 
 Turning to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance, or IRR. Revenue for the quarter was $325 million, an increase of 3% on an organic basis and 5% on a constant currency basis as compared to the prior year third quarter, with meaningful growth across all core businesses. For the first 9 months of 2019, IRR revenues grew 5% organically. Reinsurance with growth of 3% continued to lead the segment's growth through a combination of net new business and favorable renewals. 
 Insurance, Consulting and Technology grew by 4%, mainly from technology product sales. Investment revenue increased 2% with continued expansion of the delegated investment services portfolio. On an organic basis, wholesale revenue increased by 2%, driven by growth in specialty. Overall, the wholesale business was up 14%, including the results from Millers acquisition of Alston Gayler. Our Max Matthiessen business grew 1%, primarily from increased commission income. IRR had an operating margin of 9% for both the current year and the prior year third quarter. Overall, we're pleased with the financial results of our IRR businesses. We expect a solid finish to the year as the segment remains focused on executing against its goals while continuing to develop innovative products and solutions, which will drive long-term performance. 
 Revenues for the Benefits Delivery and Administration segment, or BDA, increased by 42% from the prior year third quarter on a constant currency basis. On an organic basis, revenue grew 2% compared to the prior year third quarter. BDA's expanded mid- and large-market client base and increased project work led the segment's growth. We continue to see strong demand for Benefit Outsourcing's core service offerings, resulting in several new client wins. The segment's third quarter growth was muted due to a revenue timing shift in individual marketplace. For the first 9 months of 2019, BDA revenue grew 6% organically. BDA's operating margin improved by 14% to a negative 12%, compared to a negative 26% in the prior year third quarter. Top line growth and greater operating leverage, both contributed to the segment's margin improvement. 
 TRANZACT's revenue growth tracked nicely in the 2 months following the acquisition. We are very encouraged by TRANZACT's performance in their first couple of months with us, and we continue to be excited about their future prospects as this business continues to gain momentum. 
 So in summary, I'm very pleased with our continued progress. We have delivered another quarter of solid financial performance, and we expect a strong finish in the fourth quarter, placing us on track to deliver another positive financial performance for 2019. For the full year, we continue to expect strong revenue growth, meaningful margin expansion and significant EPS growth. 
 Finally, I'd like to thank our colleagues for their continued client focus, collaboration and engagement, and congratulate everyone on a good quarter. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John, and good morning to everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us. I'd like to add my congratulations to my fellow colleagues for another good quarter as well as thank our clients for their continued support and trust in us. 
 Now let's turn to the financial overview. Our third quarter continued to represent more positive results, recognizing it's our seasonally lowest quarter with strong organic revenue growth and robust margin expansion. 
 Let me first discuss income from operations. Income from operations for the third quarter was $107 million or 5.4% of revenue, up 450 basis points from the prior year third quarter income from operations of $17 million or 0.9% of revenue. 
 Adjusted operating income for the third quarter was $231 million or 11.6% of revenue, up 120 basis points from the prior year of $194 million or 10.4% as a percentage of revenue. 
 Now let me turn to earnings per share or EPS. For the third quarters of 2019 and '18, our diluted EPS was $0.58 and $0.33, respectively. For the third quarter of 2019, our adjusted EPS decreased nominally by less than 1% to $1.31 per share as compared to $1.32 per share in the prior year third quarter. 
 Foreign currency caused a decrease in our consolidated revenue of $36 million for the quarter compared to the prior year third quarter, with a $0.01 positive impact to adjusted diluted earnings per share this quarter. As previously guided, we continue to be adversely impacted by a decrease in noncash pension income and a higher adjusted income tax rate this year. 
 For the third quarter of 2019, reduced pension income resulted in $0.10 adjusted EPS decrease compared to the prior year third quarter. While the higher adjusted income tax rate in the third quarter of 2019 also resulted in a $0.10 adjusted EPS decrease compared to the prior year third quarter. Excluding the combined headwinds from the reduced pension returns of $0.10, higher taxes of $0.10 and TRANZACT dilution of $0.04, our underlying adjusted EPS growth compared to the prior year third quarter would have been approximately 15% higher. 
 Turning to our effective tax rate. Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the third quarter was 20.4% versus negative 28.1% in the prior year third quarter. Our adjusted income tax rate for the third quarter was 22.2%, up 15 -- from 15.9% in the prior year third quarter. As a reminder, the prior year third quarter included a onetime tax benefit from the release of a valuation allowance on certain state deferred tax assets.
 We continue to evaluate the impact of global tax reform on our effective tax rate, including the effect of new taxes associated with computations for changes resulting from updated interpretations and assumptions issued by the taxing authorities. As a result, the effective tax rate is subject to movements, and we will continue to update as more analysis and information becomes available. 
 Moving to the balance sheet. We continue to have a strong financial position. As a reminder, in the first quarter, we implemented the new lease accounting standard. This result had no material impact to our operating income, but did result in an increase in liabilities on our balance sheet, which were largely offset by a corresponding increase in assets. The gross-up totaled approximately $1.5 billion. 
 During the quarter, we successfully issued a $1 billion in senior notes comprised of $450 million of 10-year notes and $550 million of 30-year notes. We are very pleased with the results of this financing. We feel that this transaction helps with our efficiency of our capital structure and provides additional financial flexibility. The bond proceeds were used to prepay a portion of the amount outstanding under our term loan commitment, resulting from the TRANZACT acquisition and repaid borrowings under our revolving credit facility. 
 During the quarter, we generated $262 million of free cash flow, up from the prior year third quarter free cash flow of $253 million, bringing our year-to-date free cash flow to $445 million, a decrease in free cash flow of $507 million for the first 9 months of the prior year. 
 The year-over-year decline in free cash flow is primarily due to higher cash tax payments for income taxes, resulting from U.S. and global tax reform, 2019 first quarter bonus payments and working capital changes. We're expecting free cash flow to finish strongly in the fourth quarter, which is our highest generating quarter. In terms of capital allocation, we paid approximately $85 million in dividends and repurchased $96 million of Willis Towers Watson stock in the third quarter of 2019. 
 For the first 9 months of 2019, we repurchased approximately $147 million in Willis Towers Watson stock and paid approximately $245 million in dividends. We remain committed to deleveraging in the near-term and returning our leverage ratio to historic levels. 
 As we move ahead into the fourth quarter, let's review our full year 2019 guidance. For the company, we continue to expect constant currency revenue growth for 2019 to be in the range of 7% to 8%, and organic revenue growth in the range of 4% to 5%. Full year adjusted operating income margin is expected to be around 20%. The adjusted effective tax rate is still expected to be around 22%, excluding any potential discrete items. We continue to look at tax planning strategies, which might lower the rate on a longer-term basis. We'll provide an update on this in our fourth quarter earnings call. We expect free cash flow to be in the $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion range for the current year. 
 Now moving on to transaction and integration expenses. We expect to incur about $20 million of cost as a result of the TRANZACT acquisition, primarily related to transaction costs associated with the deal. Foreign exchange was $0.01 tailwind to adjusted EPS in the third quarter of 2019, but with a $0.11 headwind to adjusted EPS for the first 9 months of 2019. We expect FX to be around $0.04 headwind, adjusted EPS for the remainder of the year, resulting in an overall headwind of around $0.15 for the full year 2019. 
 We continue to expect adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the $10.75 to $11.10 range for the full year 2019. 
 In summary, we've seen good acceleration in revenue growth and positive operating leverage this quarter, which should continue to position us well to execute on our plans this year. I'm pleased with the results and continued momentum of our businesses. There's still a lot of opportunity ahead, and we remain focused on driving execution. 
 Now I'll turn the call back over to John. 
John Haley: Thanks, Mike. And so with that, I'd like to open the call to your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Mike Zaremski. 
Michael Zaremski: First question, when we think about the guidance range in 4Q, any kind of items we should be thinking about the biggest drivers from high versus low end? I know there's a lot of visibility on a good part of your business given the recurring nature of it. Just kind of curious if there's maybe some technical items, accounting items, we should be thinking about? Or is it just blocking and tackling and seeing how revenues turn out? 
John Haley: Yes. Mike, I don't think there's anything that we would point to like that. I think it will be a quarter with the normal sorts of things. I mean, there's always issues around, particularly, in CRB when you can recognize revenue for projects. If something gets delivered December 30 versus January 3 or something like that, there's issues when things go into quarter. But that's it. Mike, is there anything... 
Michael Burwell: Yes. The only thing that I would add to your comments, John, would be the annual enrollment period that we -- that you see happen. But again, it's blocking and tackling, as you said, John. It's just a normal process. But obviously, with TRANZACT being on board and what we do overall in Benefits Delivery and Administration, obviously, that will drive in the fourth quarter. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, the fourth quarter is a really big quarter for us. So it's an outsized importance for the rest of it. But there's nothing that we think is a special feature, I guess, that we would direct your attention to. 
Michael Zaremski: Okay, understood. And the last question, in terms of the big decrease in interest rates globally kind of this year versus last year. Does that offer any kind of tailwinds to your defined benefit consulting practice in 4Q, I guess? And also kind of related, maybe for Mike, should we be thinking about an impact to 2020 expenses or free cash flow as a result of that? 
John Haley: Yes. So I think the level of interest rates, with lower interest rates, it can have a negative effect on how well-funded a plan appears to be. So that's a bit of an issue. I don't think that necessarily drives a lot of extra activity one way or another, though. The -- and it's not so much the level of interest rates as it's sort of the path they've been following, that can lead to increased bulk lump sum work. And I think we called out that we did see some increased bulk lump sum work in the third quarter this year. We expect to see maybe not as much, but still some increased bulk lump sum work year-over-year in the fourth quarter. So we're seeing that effect, but not particularly big effects one way or another. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, John. And I would just add when you look at -- we run -- and think about our guidance for the year. And as you said, a big portion of it comes in the fourth quarter in terms of revenue and profits. And we're up 150 basis points of margin improvement for the first 9 months. We'll update everyone on our year-end call in terms of what we think about in terms of looking at fiscal year '20 and beyond. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Marcon from Baird. 
Mark Marcon: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about what you're seeing in HC&B with regards to the more discretionary elements given the macro environment? It sounds like everything is going really well. Just wondering if there's any headwinds out there that you sense or the level of confidence in terms of being able to navigate the environment? 
John Haley: Yes. Mark, thanks for the question. I think that, sort of the way you've phrased it, reflects how I feel about that. I was talking with someone the other day and saying that I thought that given some of the noises you hear about macro environment, things are going surprisingly well, in HCB generally. And as you noticed, Talent and Rewards, which is really the most discretionary part that we have there, it was up -- I think, it was 9% for the quarter. So we're not seeing a pullback of that. I think there's probably a couple of effects from that. But one of them is, I think over the years, we have really delivered on the value of our Talent and Rewards business in both good times and bad times, and it's becoming a more critical part of what I think and players are looking to. So maybe we still have opportunities to do that across all the different macroeconomic environments. Mike, anything you'd like to add? 
Michael Burwell: No, John, I think you covered. I mean, the only -- maybe one comment, I would just say, is our retirement business, the team continues to work very hard and is well received in the marketplace. And so we see that continuing into the future. 
Mark Marcon: Terrific. Mike, can you talk a little bit about the free cash flow guidance for this year. It's a pretty wide range with 1 quarter to go. It sounds like maybe there's some timing aspects. But longer term, multiyear, we're still looking at 15% or better. But just wondering if you could just elaborate? 
John Haley: Maybe I'll just make a quick comment before I turn it over, Mike -- and then Mike will jump in on some of the details. But I think, Mark, you're right, it is a relatively broad range. And we're on pace for about $1.1 billion, we think right now. But we have some opportunities, we think to -- and Mike will talk a little bit about them to get it up above that. We've been hit by greater cash tax payments this year than we originally expected. And so that's been a real drag here. And that's not going away. We're going to have that -- that's going to be there for the rest of the year. But we have some working capital efforts that we think we could maybe improve. Mike, do you want to... 
Michael Burwell: Yes, John. So I'd just emphasize that point. So one, fourth quarter is a very large quarter. When you look at us in terms of free cash flow. As you probably know, Mark, it was greater than $500 million last year for us. It was over half our free cash flow. And so that -- as John talked about pacing that's going on there. We did have higher cash tax payments that happened in the current year. As you saw, our effective rate was up on a year-over-year basis, and that ultimately translated into more cash tax payments as we filed our returns in the various countries in which we operate. We are very focused on our working capital management. It's something that we are continuing to focus on and believe that we will see those improvements. And that's why we gave that collective range in terms of where we are. 
Mark Marcon: Terrific and then lastly, can you just talk a little bit about... 
John Haley: By the way, Mark, could I just -- maybe just to interject, one point that I don't think we addressed in your question. We do feel good about the 15% going forward, generally. Yes. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And then can you just talk about TRANZACT, I mean, it sounds like that's got good momentum. And just how you see that building out over a multiyear horizon? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, thank you for asking, Mark. I mean, we are very excited about TRANZACT and to have them in the fold. I mean, that started, obviously, when we were going through the process. And  working that as Gene Wickes and the team were really going through that. And what we continue to see was a very strong market.  We see that 10,000 retirees are hitting every single day. When we look at our enrollment level, they continue to move at a very, very strong pace. The management team at TRANZACT is doing a great job and being supported by others in BDA. And so all signs are just really, really positive in terms of what we're seeing. So very strong market we're seeing -- what we've got set up both in terms of technology that people want to be able to come online and think about Medicare Advantage or Medicare Supplement policies and programs or whether they want to call an agent. We feel well -- very well positioned in terms of supporting that, and we're seeing that already starting out. And obviously, we'll report that in the fourth quarter as we go through the open enrollment period that started here in mid-October. So I got to tell you, we couldn't be more excited about having TRANZACT in the family. And early signs are very positive, which is what we thought when we bought them and did the acquisition. 
John Haley: Yes. I'd just say, from my perspective, there were 3 things we liked about it. We liked the business model. We liked the management team. We liked people. We feel better about all 3 of them today than we did when we did the deal. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, I guess, just following up on the TRANZACT deal. Is there any way -- I know it was only numbers for 2 months, but could you give us a sense of both, a, what the revenue growth was for those 2 months? And then also, I know TRANZACT did, as you would expect it to, follow the same seasonality as BDA in terms of losing money in every quarter but the fourth quarter. Is there a sense -- could you just give us a sense of what the drag on earnings was in the third quarter? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, Elyse. So just going back, I mean, what we said, if you go back, originally, on TRANZACT was that we would have 25% to 30% CAGR growth rates for TRANZACT, and that's what we had anticipated happening. And frankly, that's what we're seeing. Really running at those rates so far and that's not changing in terms of what we had said and that was reflected in our revised guidance that we did at the end of the second quarter. 
John Haley: But the fourth quarter is really the big quarter. 
Michael Burwell: The fourth quarter is a big quarter but we anticipated moving in that direction. On the -- on TRANZACT impact in the third quarter was a $0.04 dilution. And I guess, it was highlighted in my comments. So that's how we saw it for the third quarter. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, that's helpful. Sorry, I missed that number. And then on the pension side, I know the question was asked a little bit earlier in terms of the impact of interest rates. But obviously, equity markets have been up while interest rates have gone down-ish here. I'm just trying to get a sense, I know, you said you want to wait until the fourth quarter. But could you just help us think about the opposing impacts and how we should think about the potential impact on pension income for 2020? 
John Haley: Yes. Elyse, we'd like to be more helpful. But frankly, we don't do continuous valuations of the plan. And it's -- there's a complex interplay between them, they're moving in opposite directions. I think if you were to ask us right now, as a rough guess, we expect the situation will look better at the end of this year than it did at the end of last year. But beyond that, there's -- the situation is so volatile anyway. I mean, last year, the fourth quarter completely changed everything for us. So we don't bother trying to do projections midyear. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of the organic revenue, you guys are at 5 year-to-date. You left the guide at $0.04 to $0.05 -- 4% to 5%, I'm sorry. Does anything -- I know you guys don't always update that every quarter. Does anything indicate to you that Q4, would it be as good as what you've seen for the rest -- for the other 3 quarters of the year? 
John Haley: No. I think we said we expect to be where we were for -- we expect to hit our yearly target. So yes. And there's nothing that suggest -- I mean, look, we said 2 things, I think, at the beginning of year. One was we said, we put our growth rate at 4% to 5%. We felt we would grow at. And there was some question about whether the market generally thought they were going to grow faster. And we said, well, look, we're budgeting for 4% to 5% because that's the basis on which we think it's the most prudent to budget. But we also think we'll do at least as well as the market. And I think both of those are still true. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one last thing, on the unallocated expenses, I know that, that bounces around a little bit between what goes to the segment and what goes to the corporate level. Was there anything one-off in that number in the quarter? Or just typical seasonal -- typical quarterly volatility? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, typical volatility for the quarter, Elyse. I mean, it was nothing of any -- just normal. 
John Haley: There was no one big item there. 
Michael Burwell: No big item there, no. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Mike, can you talk a little bit, what was the timing issue that impacted the IRR growth? And how should that impact the fourth quarter? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So we think about IRR, Shlomo, you got to look at the comp. I mean, if you looked at the comp last year, it was 9% that happened. So we had -- looking at 3% for the current year, I mean, the third quarter is one of our lower quarters for the business overall. So we're not uncomfortable with what's happened in terms of looking at that. So you look -- I think you got to really look at the business on an annual basis. And when you look at it year-to-date standpoint, we're at 5%, and we continue to believe in IRR in terms of where it is. So I just think it's just kind of where we stand. And we had a very difficult comp looking at it compared to the prior year. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: So revenue recognition was not something that was signed but just wasn't recognized, it was just -- the item was just a tough comp year-over-year? 
Michael Burwell: That's correct. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, okay. And then, John, when you're having a big acquisition, a key question is retention of both the key people and then also the broader base. Is there -- and can you just comment on what you're seeing in the first couple of months over there? 
John Haley: I mean, I think -- thanks, Shlomo, for the question. Look, as I mentioned earlier, we liked the business model. We liked the management team. We liked the people at TRANZACT. And we continue to feel really good about all 3. One of the reasons we were excited about it was we just thought there was a good fit between us, and we thought TRANZACT fit well within our structure and would be a valued part of -- we thought they would like being part of Willis Towers Watson. So far, that's been realized. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. So you're comfortable with the retention that you've had in terms of the employees? 
John Haley: Yes, we are. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, good. And then just the growth was very good in the brokerage side. Clearly, in line to better than some of the comps publicly. Is there any indication in terms of competitively that you guys are doing better? Or can you just comment on that side of it? 
John Haley: No, I don't think we have much we can comment on that. I mean, I do think you saw -- look, North America had a fantastic quarter. North America CRB as well as our International, both very strong growth rates. And those were something that, I think, coming into the year, we expected both of those regions to do very well. We think we have a great value proposition there. And so we think that's going to be something that we're going to be able to sustain, I mean, maybe not at the exact levels we're at, but we expect to get very good growth from both of those regions. And we expect to see CRB generally grow very strongly. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. And I would just add, John, to your comments, I mean, we also saw the 1% margin improvement as well. So we continue to focus on -- the CRB team continues to focus on -- continue to see margin improvement in that segment as well as all our segments but just to highlight. 
John Haley: And that's going to be a multiyear phenomenon. I think we'll continue to see margin improvement year over year over year. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, great. And if you don't mind me just squeezing in one last one. Just in terms of business momentum, it seems to be pretty good. Do you see the business momentum carrying forward kind of sustainable at current levels? Do you see a higher risk, less risk going forward? Just what's your gut sense, John? 
John Haley: So I mean, I think this is -- I think, we're where we wanted to be as a business. When we first did the merger back in beginning of 2016, and we were looking at what we could put together and the kind of momentum we could achieve, this was where -- this is the kind of position we wanted to be in. We feel good about where we are. We're very pleased with the results. But frankly, we're not satisfied. We think we can see more improvement in the future. So there's -- every business has to deal with the changes in the macroeconomic environment and we'll be the same as others. And that will contribute to ups and downs, but we feel like we're well placed to deal with it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: I'm going to start with a housecleaning item. In your slide deck presentation, I think you mentioned on the call, you said that -- well, you pointed out to a higher debt at the end of the third quarter. And I assume that was used in part to finance your acquisition. And at the time of the acquisition, I thought you said you were going to suspend share repurchase and use that free cash flow for the acquisition. So I'm trying to reconcile that. And then in the language used in call and on your slide deck, you said return leverage, the leverage ratio to its historical level. And I'm wondering what you meant by that? And then not to pile on, but I wanted to -- the language seems to have adjusted a little bit in your free cash flow guidance where you accelerate to 15% or better longer term. I thought it was 15% or better for the next 3 years. So if you can add some color to that, that would be helpful. 
Michael Burwell: Sure. Why don't we unpack those. So first is on the debt itself. So we had borrowed, and we had a term loan outstanding from the acquisition of TRANZACT. As you can see in our cash flow statement, we paid $1 billion -- roughly $1.3 billion round numbers for TRANZACT. We had taken a term loan for $1.1 billion. We had taken out financing -- or we had gone to the market and done financing of which we termed out a portion of that $1.1 billion, and we paid off any outstanding amounts we had on our credit line. So that's why -- that then -- if you looked at it on a pure debt-to-EBITDA ratio, Greg, it went from 2-point -- up to 2.7. We historically have been in the 2.1% to 2.3% range, which I would say, historically, which is where we'd like to get back to. 
 We said on purchase of shares, share repurchases, that we would buy shares in the marketplace to make sure that we weren't anti-dilutive, given our employee benefit plans that we have to be in place. And we had estimated those go from time to time. In this case, as we said, for the third quarter, year-to-date, share repurchases have been $147 million. And that then therefore covers those repurchases, consistent with what we had said previously. 
 On our free cash flow, we -- I guess, when we think about longer term, you asked the question as it relates to 3 years or longer term. Right now, we're saying 3 years is long, in our mind, a bit longer term. If you want to go beyond that, I guess, right now, we're saying 3 years. That's where we have been in terms of 15% or better. 
Charles Peters: Great. Thank you for the clarification. I'm going to circle back to the HCB business because I used to think of it as sort of a single-digit organic revenue growth business. And clearly, that's changed this year. And so as I'm thinking about it, I'm wondering if the calculus has changed behind the business as we think about 2020 and 2021. Or will next year just be difficult comps because Talent and Awards has a tendency to be more volatile? 
John Haley: Yes. I mean -- so Greg, I would say, I don't think the business -- it's a mid-single-digit growth business, just on average. But I think that means that there are some years you can see growth up in the high single digits, where we are now. So that's not particularly surprising. It will be a slightly more difficult comp for us. But overall, we feel pretty good about the business. And frankly, we feel pretty good about the prospects for next year, too. 
Charles Peters: Yes. A final point, I'd like to add, just to get some clarification on is that you're reporting margin improvement without any major corresponding restructuring plan or big restructuring charges that are flowing through your income statement. So I was wondering if you could give us some color on the drivers of this margin improvement. I think you mentioned in the slide deck, it's sustainable.  Can you give us sort of size up what the opportunity is going forward? And that would be helpful. 
John Haley: Do you want to take that, Mike? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So when -- we'll obviously update as we -- as you rightly pointed out, we're up 150 basis points through the 9 months and 120 basis points in the third quarter as it relates to margin. It starts, obviously, Greg, with the revenue growth. And I think as John commented on in terms of what we're seeing in terms of revenue growth, and then driving that operating leverage is managing our cost base. And so with our leadership team and operating committee very focused as well as all our colleagues are very sensitive to managing our cost base and driving our revenue growth. So we'll update guidance at Q4 in terms of what we see going forward, but our track record has been to continue to deliver that revenue growth and that operating margin. And so we're very focused on managing that differential. 
John Haley: And by the way, Greg, just one thing -- to be clear, as we think about this going forward, we may very well have some restructuring programs that we'll put in place. But what we think we're not going to do is we're not going to be trying to exclude them from income and try to play games like that. If we have restructuring programs, we'll just tell you about them and tell you what they cost. 
Charles Peters: Right. So if I should assume if you're able... 
John Haley: Greg? 
Michael Burwell: Greg, we lost you there. 
Operator: I'm sorry. Your next question is from David Styblo from Jefferies. 
David Styblo: I'm sure we'll get Greg back here in a second. I'm showing late, so I apologize if this was asked, but I wanted to talk a little bit about HCB, again, there and make sure I understand the organic growth. To what extent, if at all, was that lifted by ASC 606? What was the impact from that? 
Michael Burwell: So overall, that was roughly 2% of that or $48 million for the year-to-date period through 9/30/2019. 
David Styblo: Okay. And was this... 
Michael Burwell: And you'll see that in the -- if you look in our Q&A in the press release, you'll see it in there, Dave. 
David Styblo: Okay. Got it. But then as for the third quarter specifically? 
Michael Burwell: Rich will get that back to you. I think it's $14 million, I think, is the number. $14 million, yes. 
David Styblo: Okay, great. And then, I guess, it sounds like there's been some questions on that free cash flow that I caught towards the end here. I guess, the $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion implies that  year-over-year growth rate of maybe 8% to 18%. So it seems like you're possibly going to be below your 15% annual target. If it does fall short of that goal can you help us understand what some of the factors might be? What perhaps part of that might be due to TRANZACT transaction costs, which were, obviously not known when you provided that guidance initially? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I would say really, there are 3 things that would impact it. One would be, additional cash tax payments; two would be, for some reason, we weren't as successful as we anticipate being as it relates to working capital; and three, the TRANZACT costs that were never anticipated or forecasted at the outset of the year. 
David Styblo: Right. Okay. And then lastly, obviously, organic growth was broadly strong across the larger segments. I guess, if you could give us an update on what you're seeing from a competitive standpoint? And to the extent that you still might be benefiting from dislocation from mergers among competitors versus the background of -- the backdrop of the macroeconomic background being maybe a little bit stronger in price hardening versus just core fundamentals that you guys are doing with retention and new business wins? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Thank you for the question, Dave. I mean, look, we have very strong competitors. They're well-run companies with good management teams. But we love our team and what our team's doing in the marketplace and how we're competing. And so as John and I have reiterated that we aren't going to underperform to the market. And when you look at where we are through the 9 months of this year, and we're right at or above where our competitors are from organic growth rate standpoint. So when we look at it across our portfolio, we feel very good of where we sit from a competitive standpoint. And I think John made it in his comments, you look at the last 5 quarters, our revenue growth has been at least 5% overall, and we continue to see margin improvements. And so we're very proud of what our teams have been doing and how well they're doing in the marketplace. So hopefully, it gives you some color, Dave. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tobey Sommer from SunTrust. 
Tobey Sommer: With respect to the TRANZACT business, I was wondering if you could share with us your thoughts of what the different versions of Medicare for all could mean for that business? Any color you can give or perspective would be helpful. 
John Haley: Yes. So I mean, I think we've -- I know there's been a lot of concern about the potential for Medicare for all. Of course, Medicare for all is a pretty ill-defined concept. The proposals vary tremendously in scope, and there's a lot of unknowns. So for us to speculate on exactly what the outcome would be, it's pretty hard at this moment. I guess, I would say, though, we've actually thought about a lot of some of these different scenarios as to what they could mean. We think the most reasonable thing is that changes in the country's health care model would create some new client needs. And given our positioning and especially our positioning post the TRANZACT acquisition, we feel pretty good about our prospects. Now some of the really extreme versions of this are ones that frankly, which would be bad, I think, for everybody and for the country. I just don't think there's much chance of those coming into force, but who knows. 
Tobey Sommer: Okay. In the HCB segment, your growth has, I think, been quite impressive. Could you describe how much of that is being driven by market phenomenon and increases in demand and maybe contrast that to headcount growth, where you're able to attract seasoned talent from competitors who for whatever reason, may not be as attractive platforms these days? 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, I don't think we have that right off hand. I would say our growth in the Talent and Rewards has been modest. There's a significant portion of that that's just come from demand and from winning work overall. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Yaron Kinar of Goldman Sachs. 
Yaron Kinar: Start off with the free cash flow, I guess, beating a dead horse here. I guess, just to clarify on Greg's previous question. When you talk about the 15% long-term growth there. I think in the past, you had said it would be 15% or better over a long-term period as well as each of the next 3 years. Is that each of the next 3 years still true today? 
John Haley: Well, I mean, look, looking for -- we just gave you the guidance for 2019. If you're looking -- if we're talking about, over the course of the next couple of years here, we're saying, we think those are going to be 15%. We -- I hope, we didn't give the wrong impression. We never expected to be giving free cash flow forecast for the next 20 years. 
Yaron Kinar: No, no, I understood. But I think when we were looking at the initial guidance for free cash flow for the next 3 years, I think, one of the comments that was previously made was, both in aggregate and for each of the years. And it sounds like that at least for the next 2 years, you still expect at least 15% or better for each of those years. 
John Haley: That's correct. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then on the higher cash tax payments, was that just a function of earnings coming in from higher jurisdictions or higher tax jurisdictions than you anticipated? Or is there something else driving the increase? 
Michael Burwell: I think it's 2 points. The first one, Yaron, is the one you had said, right? It's higher income in those higher tax jurisdictions than what we originally anticipated. But -- and the other piece of it is until you file the returns and you go through the adjustments, you go through the process, we had -- just had some of that happen as well in terms of just going through the process itself. So that drove our higher tax payments. So those 2 points. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay, okay. And then if I can sneak one more in, the ASC 606 accounting catch up. So do you still expect a roughly $10 million that is yet to come in -- to come in the fourth quarter? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And that is basically all kind of almost full margin as well, right? 
Michael Burwell: Looking forward to that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Meyer Shields from KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Great. So 2 probably nitpicky questions. The first, is there any way of teasing out the contribution of Facultative placements within CRB's organic growth in the quarter? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Meyer, we really don't disclose that. As you said, Facultative is included in our CRB business and as you try to think about comparabilities and to others. But yes, we don't disclose it. 
John Haley: I think generally, though, we -- as we look at this, and it's probably not true every quarter. But annually, our growth tends to be about the same or we think even sometimes higher than the others. So what we try to do as much as we can of an apples-to-apples comparison, but it's difficult. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. No, that's perfectly fair. Second question, just I'm trying to distinguish this. Obviously, the reimbursable expenses and other sort of augmented the organic growth for the quarter. And I was wondering if you could break out how much of that is reimbursable expense? And how much of it is other than actually stayed with the company? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, look, there's a variety of little things that are included in there in the various pieces. There's nothing that jumps out at you or really is driving it in either period of time. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's Q&A session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. John Haley. 
John Haley: Okay, yes. So thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and we look forward to updating you on our fourth quarter call in February 2020. So long. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-07-31 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to our website for a press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next 3 months on our website.
 Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should review the Forward-looking Statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in our most recent Form 10-K and other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings.
 During the call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website.
 I'll now turn the call over to Mr. John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks very much, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our second quarter earnings call. Joining me here today is Mike Burwell, our Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Keefe, Head of Investor Relations. Today, we'll review our results for the second quarter and the first half of 2019 as well as update the outlook for the remainder of the year.
 I'm pleased with our second quarter financial results and the continued momentum in our business. We generated strong organic top line growth of 6% for the second quarter of 2019 and 160 basis points of adjusted operating margin expansion. This marks the fourth consecutive quarter in which we've generated organic revenue growth of 5% or greater and improved margins. Likewise, we had revenue and operating margin growth in each of our business segments this quarter, reflecting solid demand for our solutions and services throughout our portfolio of businesses.
 This has been an exciting and productive quarter for Willis Towers Watson. And as I reflect on our second quarter and the year-to-date results, I'm extremely pleased with the significant steps we've made to improve the company's growth profile and position the company for continued long-term growth. In our core businesses, we've had great success driven by new business generation, strong retention rates and increased operating leverage across our core businesses.
 On the acquisition front, I'm delighted to announce that we completed the TRANZACT acquisition yesterday. And today, we welcome over 1,300 talented colleagues from TRANZACT to the Willis Towers Watson community. There's tremendous energy and optimism around the benefits of this powerful combination. The TRANZACT acquisition rapidly accelerates Willis Towers Watson's direct-to-consumer U.S. health care strategy and significantly strengthens Willis Towers Watson's growth profile in the health care space. TRANZACT provides Willis Towers Watson with a true end-to-end consumer acquisition and engagement platform for health care by adding scale retail capabilities to our portfolio of expertise, and it significantly enhances our reach and agility in penetrating the expanse of the Medicare market.
 Also, this strategic acquisition positions us for success in the unsubsidized individual consumer portion of the Medicare market space that we currently do not widely serve, and it opens up new service offering opportunities. Similarly, it allows us to efficiently and effectively capitalize on the secular trends that are currently driving growth in the Medicare space. Together, we'll have tremendous capacity with a licensed agent workforce of over 2,000. Moreover, TRANZACT's leading-edge digital technology capabilities and sales and marketing expertise combined with Willis Towers Watson's scale and operational excellence further strengthens our position as the leader in the growing private Medicare marketplace.
 Most important, we believe that this acquisition creates value for all stakeholders. For our clients and consumers, it broadens our client base so that we can help individuals in underserved markets navigate their health care options. For our business partners, it will allow us to develop deeper collaborative relationships, especially with our carrier partners, as well as deliver greater volume. And for our shareholders, it creates both immediate accretion as well as significant long-term revenue and profitable growth opportunities.
 In addition to TRANZACT, we'll continue to execute our broader growth strategies around innovation. We believe our investments in innovation have helped further enhance our business portfolio and improve the integrated value proposition we deliver to clients as well as help us continue our leading position in the areas in which we operate. Innovation at Willis Towers Watson is an important element of what it is that we bring to life. To that end, we're continuing to invest in new innovative solutions. As in recent years, we've introduced several specialty solutions, such as LifeSight, AMX, Innovisk and connected risk intelligence. 
 Building on this progress, we recently announced 2 initiatives that we've implemented that are targeted to create further organic and inorganic growth. The first is our launch of WTW Strategic Ventures, an initiative aimed at creating strategic growth opportunities by investing in emerging digital and technology-enabled businesses across insurance risk and human capital. The second initiative includes the formation of a new growth Board, which will increase the company's organic innovation efforts by supporting early-stage ideas that have the potential to create new markets, new customer channels and new business models. Working together with our existing new venture investment committee, the growth Board will help to expand Willis Towers Watson's innovation pipeline.
 WTW Strategic Ventures is core to the company's growth strategy by enhancing our capabilities to identify and develop strategic opportunities and alliances aimed at delivering tangible value to our clients. These new initiatives will source investments and utilize relationships within the venture capital community, clients and industry connections to support innovation inorganically and organically with the growth Board to create new offerings in areas of strategic interest to the company.
 Now let's move on to our second quarter 2019 results. Reported revenue for the second quarter was $2.0 billion, up 3% as compared to the prior year second quarter and up 6% on a constant currency and organic basis. Reported revenue included $51 million of negative currency movement. Once again this quarter, we experienced growth on both an organic basis across all of our segments. 
 Net income was $149 million, up 129% for the second quarter as compared to the $65 million of net income in the prior year second quarter.
 Adjusted EBITDA was $425 million or 21% of revenue as compared to the prior year adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter of $392 million or 20% of revenue, representing an 8% increase on an adjusted EBITDA dollar basis.
 For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $1.06, an increase of 141% compared to the prior year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.78, reflecting an increase of 5% compared to prior year. Overall, it was a solid quarter. We grew revenue and earnings per share and had enhanced adjusted EBITDA margin performance.
 For the first half of the year, we're very pleased with our financial results. Reported revenue growth for the first half of 2019 was up 2% as compared to the same period in the prior year and up 5% on both a constant currency and organic basis. Adjusted EBITDA for the first half of 2019 was $1.0 billion or 23.5% of revenue, an increase from adjusted EBITDA of $949 million or 22.2% of revenue for the same period in the prior year, representing an increase of 130 basis points in adjusted EBITDA margin over the same period in the prior year.
 Let's look at each of the segments in some more detail. To provide clear comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis unless specifically stated otherwise.
 Segment margins are calculated using segment revenues and they exclude unallocated corporate cost, such as amortization of intangibles, certain transaction and integration expenses resulting from M&A as well as other items which we consider noncore to our operating results. The segment results do include discretionary compensation.
 Revenue for our largest segment, Human Capital & Benefits, HCB, was up 5% on an organic and constant currency basis compared to the second quarter of the prior year. For the first half of the year, HCB revenues grew 4% organically.
 The Health and Benefits business delivered another strong performance this quarter with revenue growth of 12%. New business and product revenue continue to drive revenue expansion in North America, while our accelerating market share in global benefit management appointments contributed to the growth in other geographies. Health and Benefits revenue growth was also aided by the lower revenue comparable in the prior year second quarter. The prior year results reflect the impact of adopting the new revenue standard, ASC 606, which resulted in certain revenue not being recognized.
 Talent and Rewards revenue increased 5% as a result of increased advisory and survey work in North America and Great Britain. 
 Technology and Administration Solutions revenue increased 6% this quarter. The growth was built on new business activity, primarily in Western Europe and Great Britain. 
 While most of HCB's businesses grew, we did experience a decline in retirement revenue of 1%. This is mainly as a result of the impact of a tough comparable from the prior year, which benefited from nonrecurring project work. HCB's operating margin improved by 200 basis points to 21% compared to the prior year second quarter. HCB has the services, products and intellectual capital that match the many issues our clients are facing. HCB is anchored by its strength in core service offerings, and we remain confident in the segment's ability to deliver growth well into the future.
 Now let's look at Corporate Risk & Broking, or CRB, which had a revenue increase of 5% on a constant currency and organic basis as compared to the prior year second quarter. For the first half of the year, CRB revenues grew 5% organically. 
 North America's revenue grew by 6% in the second quarter primarily as a result of new business. The International regions revenue climbed 8% compared to prior year. This growth was largely driven by new business wins and higher renewals in Central America and the Caribbean as well as new business wins in Asia and Australasia.
 Western Europe contributed 5% revenue growth, with the growth led by strong renewals in Sweden in addition to new business wins in large- and mid-market accounts in Iberia and France. Great Britain had 4% revenue growth, predominantly from aerospace business driven by satellite launches and transit activity.
 CRB revenue was $690 million with an operating margin of 15% as compared to a 14% operating margin in the prior year second quarter. The margin expanded due to the top line performance coupled with continued cost management efforts.
 As a side note, I'd like to say how pleased I am with the progress the management team and all of our colleagues in CRB have made over the last year. To see this steady top line growth and continued margin expansion is excellent, and our outlook on our CRB business remains positive going forward.
 Turning to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance, or IRR. Revenue for the second quarter increased 9% to $409 million on a constant currency basis and increased 8% on an organic basis as compared to the prior year second quarter, with clear acceleration in all lines of business. For the first half of the year, IRR revenues grew 6% organically. Reinsurance with growth of 10% continued to lead the segment's growth through a combination of net new business and favorable renewals. Insurance Consulting and Technology grew by 7%, mainly from technology product sales. Investment revenue increased 4% with continued expansion of the delegated investment services portfolio. Assets under delegated management reached $135 billion at quarter end. On an organic basis, wholesale revenues increased by 11% driven by growth in specialty. And overall wholesale business was up 20%, including results from Miller's acquisition of Alston Gayler. 
 Our Max Matthiessen business grew 6%, primarily from increased commission income. IRR had revenue of $409 million and an operating margin of 27% compared to 23% for the prior year second quarter. This improvement reflects top line growth alongside scaling of successful businesses. Overall, we continue to feel positive about the momentum of our IRR business for 2019.
 Revenues for the BDA segment increased by 6% from the prior year second quarter, primarily due to increasing membership counts and client base. Project work and out-of-scope services further enhanced the segment's revenue growth.
 Individual Marketplace revenue returned to growth this quarter as seasonality for this business continues to shift. Benefits Outsourcing revenues grew 13% as a result of new client wins in special projects. For the first half of the year, BDA revenue grew 8% organically. The BDA segment had revenue of $126 million with a negative 20% operating margin, up approximately 600 basis points from a negative 26% in the prior year second quarter. Top line growth and greater operating leverage both contributed to the segment's margin improvement. Our BDA offerings remain fundamental to our business growth engines of our enterprise strategy. The addition of TRANZACT will further boost their growth. We're excited about the long-term growth potential of this business.
 So in summary, I'm very pleased with our continued progress in the second quarter. We produced strong revenue growth, meaningful margin expansion and adjusted EPS growth, all while continuing to invest in our future and return capital to shareholders through dividends.
 I'd like to thank our 43,000-plus colleagues for their contributions. Our talented colleagues and the way they serve clients are core to our long-term success, and they delivered another quarter of strong results. I continue to be inspired by their energy and passion for serving our clients and their unwavering dedication to creating a truly winning client experience. As we look forward to the remainder of 2019 and beyond, our future remains bright.
 Now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John. And I'd like to add my congratulations to our colleagues for another good quarter, as well as thank our clients for their continued support and trust in us.
 As John mentioned, we are very excited about the completion of the TRANZACT acquisition, as this transaction shows Willis Towers Watson's renewed focus on strategic M&A opportunities. Our second quarter represented another positive result with strong organic revenue growth, robust margin expansion and underlying adjusted EPS growth.
 Now turning to the overall detailed financial results. Let me first discuss income from operations. Income from operations for the second quarter was $176 million or 8.6% of revenue, up 540 basis points from the prior year second quarter. Adjusted operating income for the second quarter was $299 million or 14.6% of revenue, up 160 basis points from the prior year second quarter. 
 Let me turn to earnings per share, or EPS. For the second quarter of 2019 and '18, our diluted EPS was $1.06 and $0.44, respectively. The prior year quarter was impacted by $0.55 of transaction and integration expenses. For the second quarter of 2019, our adjusted EPS was up 5% to $1.78 per share as compared to $1.70 per share in the prior year second quarter. 
 Foreign currency caused a decrease in our consolidated revenue of $51 million for the quarter compared to the prior year second quarter, but had no impact to adjusted diluted earnings per share this quarter.
 As previously guided, we were adversely impacted by a decrease in noncash pension income compared to the prior year, which resulted in a year-over-year decline of $0.14 this quarter. Excluding the combined headwinds from reduced pension returns of $0.14 and higher taxes of $0.04 versus the prior year second quarter, adjusted EPS growth was approximately 15%.
 Talking about our effective tax rate. Our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the second quarter was 19.7% versus 12.7% in the prior year second quarter. Our adjusted income tax rate for the second quarter was 21.4%, up from the 19.7% rate in the prior year second quarter. The increase in effective tax rate for the quarter compared to the prior year was primarily due to additional taxes on Global Intangible Low Tax Income, or GILTI. We continue to evaluate the impact of global tax reform on our effective tax rate, including the effect of new taxes associated with computations for changes resulting from updated interpretations and assumptions issued by the various taxing authorities. As a result, the effective tax rate is subject to movements and will continue to be updated as more analysis and information becomes available.
 Moving to the balance sheet. We continue to have a strong financial position. As a reminder, in the first quarter, we implemented a new lease accounting standard. This result had no material impact to our operating income, but did result in an increase in liabilities on our balance sheet, which are largely offset by a corresponding increase in assets. The gross-up totaled approximately $1.5 billion.
 During the quarter, we generated $287 million of free cash flow, bringing our year-to-date free cash flow to $183 million, a decrease from free cash flow of $254 million for the first half of the prior year. The year-over-year decline in free cash flow is due to higher compensation payments as well as some timing related to cash tax payments. We're expecting free cash flow to build over the remainder of 2019.
 In May, our Board of Directors approved our quarterly cash dividend of $0.65 per share. In terms of capital allocation, we paid approximately $84 million in dividends and repurchased $51 million of Willis Towers Watson stock in the second quarter of 2019.
 Related to the TRANZACT acquisition, we have principally financed the purchase through debt. As part of the acquisition of TRANZACT, we have secured financing up to $1.1 billion in the form of a 1-year unsecured term loan. We're committed to deleveraging in the near-term and returning our leverage ratio to historic levels.
 As we move ahead into the third quarter, I'd like to review our revised outlook. Willis Towers Watson is raising its 2019 guidance, primarily to reflect the acquisition of TRANZACT. For the company, we now expect constant currency revenue growth for 2019 to be in the range of 7% to 8% and organic revenue growth in the range from 4% to 5%. Full year adjusted operating income margin is expected to be around 20%. The adjusted effective tax rate is still expected to be around 22%, excluding any potential discrete items, and we expect free cash flow growth of 15% or better.
 Now moving on to transaction and integration expenses. We expect to incur between $20 million to $25 million of cost as a result as the TRANZACT acquisition, primarily related to the transaction costs associated with the deal. Foreign exchange was immaterial to adjusted EPS in the second quarter of 2019, but was a $0.12 headwind to adjusted EPS in the first quarter of 2019.
 We expect FX to be around $0.03 headwind adjusted -- to adjusted EPS for the remainder of the year, resulting in an overall headwind of about $0.15 for the full year 2019. We are raising our adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance to a range of $10.75 to $11.10 for the full year for 2019 versus our previous guidance of $10.60 to $10.85.
 Overall, we delivered solid financial performance in the second quarter. While I am pleased with the results and the continued momentum of our businesses, there's still a lot of opportunity ahead, and we remain focused on driving and making sure we execute.
 I'll now turn the call back to you, John. 
John Haley: Thanks, Mike. And with that, I'd like to open the call to your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum of Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Hey John, seems like you've had a pretty good run here for the last 4 quarters with really good organic growth that has accelerated. And I don't usually ask this kind of question, but 4% to 5% organic growth does imply like you're expecting something else to decelerate from the first half of the year in the second half of the year. But it seems like the momentum is pretty good. Is there just tougher comps? Or is it just you want to make sure you're at 100% of ability to deliver? Can you just give us a little bit more of your outlook for the second half of the year in that context? 
John Haley: Yes. Sure. Thanks, Shlomo. I think we're not suggesting really that we think anything is going to decelerate here. I guess when we came out with the -- we initially had the 4% growth that we said we'd be at for the year. So the first is -- the first half came in at 5%, and so we said, well, we think we'll be 4% to 5%. When we first came out with the 4% growth, I know there were -- some of our competitors had some higher growth projections. And we said the fact that we're at 4% shouldn't be interpreted as we think we're going to grow slower than the market. And I would say the same thing here, we've just sort of taken the 4% and raised it up to reflect what happened in the first half. You shouldn't think we think we're going to grow slower than the market. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. Great. And then, do you mind just discussing a little bit about the operating environment in the U.K.? Given the political situation and the Brexit items, it seems like there was some slowdown just in general in the U.K. in the first quarter, but it seems like things are -- seem a lot better right now. If you could just comment on that. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, our growth -- we had some good growth in the U.K. It was 4% this quarter. And we feel pretty good about that. And in fact, actually, particularly in CRB, we were seeing some declines last year. So we feel much better about that. I think Brexit is still a bit of an uncertainty. We have done a lot of planning around Brexit ourselves though. And we feel like we're prepared for that. And so we'll have to see what happens. But we feel we're about as prepared as we could be. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Marcon of R.W. Baird. 
Mark Marcon: Congrats on the strong progress that we continue to see. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about 3 different questions. One, free cash flow growth of 15%. How confident are you still in the ability to generate that for this year and then for the next few years? That's the first question. 
John Haley: Okay. I think Mike will take care of that. 
Michael Burwell: So thank you for the question, Mark. Like prior years, we expect the second half of the year to be seasonally stronger from a free cash flow standpoint. Now during the first half of the year, we had higher compensation payments as well as timing related to cash payments for income taxes, which had an adverse effect on our free cash flow. But similar to last year, we knew coming into 2019 that we had a continued challenge around improving working capital, and we're taking actions to improve free cash flow during the remainder of the year and specifically focus on working capital. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And then can you talk a little bit about TRANZACT and how we should think about that, particularly as it relates to the fourth quarter? Obviously, that's the time when we get the enrollments and the benefit from that. 
Michael Burwell: Go ahead, John. 
John Haley: Yes. I'd just say, look, we did raise our guidance, as Mike said, and that was mostly the result of TRANZACT, not 100%. But -- and TRANZACT -- well, most of the impact of TRANZACT, the overwhelming impact will be in the fourth quarter. 
Mark Marcon: Can you just talk a little bit about the margins? I mean, obviously that's seasonally high. So just from a modeling perspective, how we should think about it? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, TRANZACT from a margin standpoint, we see it consistent with what we've targeted for the overall company from a margin standpoint, Mark. So we don't see it different. 
Mark Marcon: Okay. Great. And then the last thing, Mercer with JLT, yesterday there was some discussion about how their book was looking. I was wondering what you're seeing in terms of opportunities in terms of share gains as a result of that transaction, both in terms of people and business. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I think you know we've seen our reinsurance business being very strong, as John commented in his comments -- prepared comments, at 10% overall. And so part of that's coming from continued wins and strong market conditions that we've seen out there. So I think it's encapsulated in those numbers, Mark. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question goes back to the TRANZACT acquisition as well. When you guys announced this deal earlier this year, I know you had said that it would be accretive relative to earnings, but that was assuming no buyback. And so you guys returned to the market and did buybacks, some stock in the Q2, which seemed thinner, I think, than you guys and The Street had expected. Can you just give us a thought around buybacks? Because you're now buying back shares sooner, it does seem like the deal might be more accretive relative to your initial expectations. 
Michael Burwell: No. Elyse, I mean we've always said -- maybe just to make sure that was understood previously, that we would buy back shares to make sure we managed dilution in regards to our benefit programs to be in place. And that's what we've continued to do. So there's no different assumptions. That's been there. Obviously, we're very excited about TRANZACT and what we see it is going to do for us in the future. And that's what we reflected in taking the earnings guidance up. So we're very excited about what TRANZACT brings to the company. And as John said, we welcome those colleagues to the company, and we're very excited about it. 
John Haley: But just to be clear, going forward here, while we're basically paying down the debt for TRANZACT, the only stock buybacks we'll do will be anti-dilution ones. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then also on TRANZACT, could you give us a sense of what their organic revenue growth has been through the first half of the year? I know when you guys announced the deal, you said you were expecting 25% to 30% revenue growth. How does that compare to those expectations? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. It's right in that range. We're very excited about it. Obviously, it's right spot into that range and maybe pushing the top end of it, to be fair. I mean the market is very strong. We've seen that reflected overall in demand. Obviously, the big piece comes in the fourth quarter. But that's what we're seeing overall in terms of individuals. So we've kind of put that 25% to 30% that we touched on over the next 5 years was what we're thinking about. 
John Haley: And we see no reason to change that. That's still our expectation going forward. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then lastly on TRANZACT. The margins within your BDA segment are seasonally highest in the fourth quarter, obviously negative earnings in the first 3 quarters. So I just want to get a sense that we're all setting our models correctly. I'm assuming your updated guidance, assuming TRANZACT follows that same seasonality, so it would report a loss, it will be margin-dilutive for 2 months in the third quarter since it just closed and then be accretive to your margins in the fourth quarter. Am I thinking about that correctly? Or am I missing anything there in thinking about the guide and how to update for the next couple of quarters? 
John Haley: No. You got it. That's right. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James. 
Marcos Holanda: This is Marcos, calling in for Greg. Had a couple of questions. First on HCB, you guys singled out the revenue that wasn't there last year. And I'm just curious if we were to back that revenue in last quarter, what would operating margin expansion look like this quarter? 
Michael Burwell: It would be roughly about 2%. Yes, go ahead, Rich. 
Rich Keefe: Yes, it's Rich. Are you referring just to HCB, what would be the margin? I think that's your question. 
Marcos Holanda: Yes. You guys picked up 200 basis points or so this quarter. So I'm just curious if that revenue were to be there last year, what would the pickup be this year? 
Rich Keefe: Yes, it's roughly flat. 
Marcos Holanda: Okay. My second question is on free cash flow and it's related to TRANZACT. If we understand it correctly, the MA and MS business is free cash flow negative the first 2 or 3 years, and you guys reiterated your free cash flow guidance. So if we -- say, if we were to back TRANZACT, would that imply that free cash flow could be growing in the high-teens over the next couple of years? 
John Haley: The overall TRANZACT business is about -- it's not -- it's pretty much neutral, it's pretty close to 0. It's not a negative. 
Marcos Holanda: Okay. And then, Mike, can you just revisit your comments around pension? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So on pension, if you remember, we talked about what the pension got valued at December 31, 2018, which obviously the market was way down at that point in time, let's just deal with that portion of it, that obviously gave a headwind offsetting our pension income that we would have in the current year. And that's what we reflected in the -- in our results. Had we not had that amount included in there, it would have been roughly $23 million that would have impacted those numbers had you taken that out. So when you adjust for that pension amount of that $0.14 and equally you added back the headwind that we had on taxes, I said our growth rate for the quarter would have been greater than -- or approximately 15%. So that's what I was trying to comment on. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes of SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: The quarterly revenue spread for TRANZACT, is it similar to the underlying BDA business? 
John Haley: Yes. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. 
Mark Hughes: And then would -- did you consider maybe stepping up your investment in TRANZACT, in the call centers to accelerate growth? Seems like the market opportunity is quite strong. Do you maybe try to grab some share here early on? 
Michael Burwell: When we think about it today, we have over 2,000 agents that are in place. And obviously, the individuals may come through online, they may come through call centers, they're coming through various aspects of it. Clearly, we're seeing the market is strong in preparing for the annual enrollment period in the fourth quarter. And so our combined team under Gene Wickes' leadership is really looking at and making sure we're well prepared given the market dynamics that are in place and working with all the leaders associated with it. So we definitely see opportunity, and we think we're well prepared for it. And we feel good about the size of our organization to support that growth. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think that's the key. We think we're prepared to handle the growth that's out there. And so we feel good. 
Mark Hughes: Understood. And a final question. Is there any concentration among the carrier partners you work with, with TRANZACT? Do you -- is there any goal of increasing the breadth of the carrier partners? 
Michael Burwell: We'll continue to evaluate it. I mean, we'll do that with that leadership team. I mean you want to be smart about doing anything. We're coming up to the annual enrollment period. I mean, obviously, we just closed the transaction yesterday. So we'll continue. I know Gene and the team will evaluate that and all opportunities that are out there and will consider what makes sense. 
John Haley: Having said that, we like the way things are set now. So I wouldn't expect to necessarily see any changes. I mean, we'll always continue to evaluate it. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW. 
Meyer Shields: John, I was hoping you could talk about the thought process underlying the changing exposure to incentive payments for the TRANZACT deal. 
John Haley: Yes. So look, I think from our standpoint, we had a -- we got some certainty in the payments that we were making there. And we feel pretty good about getting that because frankly, we're pretty bullish on TRANZACT. And so we felt that -- we felt this serves us better doing that. And I think, as in all the different cases, it has to be something that works for both sides. But I think the other side liked the idea of getting some certainty in what they had, too. And so we were able to come to an agreement on that. And we're delighted. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. Understood. That makes sense. Also -- and maybe this is a question for Mike. Can we get an update on the margin expansion initiatives specific to CRB? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean I think if we go back to the last quarter call, we had touched on that we would consistently see improvement in CRB margins. And that's what we continue to see. So we're up 1 point in the current quarter. Todd and the team are working that. And as I said, it isn't going to see some giant ramp-up. It's just slow and steady and continue to see that progress. And I think that's what you're seeing in the 1% growth this quarter. 
Operator: And our next question comes Yaron Kinar of Goldman Sachs. 
Yaron Kinar: First question, just going back to the ASC 606 catch-up. Can you quantify what the dollar impact was? 
Michael Burwell: It was roughly $23 million. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then going back to... 
John Haley: But it roughly offsets the pension. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. 
Yaron Kinar: Right. Right. Okay. And in line with prior guidance, I guess, for the quarter. Then on free cash flow, I guess, on a previous question around the 15% growth this year, I think I heard kind of the moving elements in the second half of the year and I fully recognize that second half tends to be much larger. But can you confirm that you're still expecting 15% or greater growth this year? 
Michael Burwell: We -- that's what we are working towards. We know it's a challenge just like it was for us last year in terms of moving in that direction. We have the entire team very focused on it like we did similar to last year. But yes, it is a challenge for us. And we recognize that, and that's what -- we're going to work our tails off as a collective team, just do everything we can to achieve that. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then finally, the TRANZACT revenues, they will not be going through organic this coming year, right? They're going to come in through acquired? 
John Haley: That's correct. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS. 
Brian Meredith: One quick numbers question and one more broader question. First, just quickly numbers. Mike, does the Stanford litigation payment still factor in the free cash flow kind of guidance for this year? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, as of right now it is. We're continuing to work on that. If that changes, we will update you. 
John Haley: Yes. By the way, the Stanford payment may occur this year, but it may not also. 
Brian Meredith: Well, I guess, the question would be, would free cash flow growth be greater than the 15% without Stanford? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, right now, we'd always looked at -- you had the integration cost rolling in, you had Stanford coming in there, you got a mix of things in there. We've always said 15% was kind of where we were. And if we're lucky, we'd be better. 
Brian Meredith: Got you. Terrific. And then just quickly, I'm just curious, you've briefly talked a little bit about pricing, what you're seeing, pricing in commercial insurance, great growth obviously in the wholesale, Miller's. What impact are you seeing from a revenue perspective from pricing? And perhaps, maybe do we see that potentially having a better impact going forward, particularly from Miller's as you start to see maybe capital freed up at Lloyds? 
John Haley: Well, I think, look, we're -- this is a better environment than we've had for a while. We've had these years of the rates going down. And now we're seeing most lines -- workers' comp is probably one of the key examples. Workers' comp and international liability are the ones that where we're seeing rates going down continuing. But the rest of them, we're seeing some pricing uplift and that's probably good news for the insurance industry. For a long time, insurers were really competing for market share by driving down prices and they probably got to something that wasn't really that sustainable. And so that's why we're seeing some of these rate increases. For us, it's -- one of the things we have to do in the face of some rate increases is see what we can do to get as good a bargain for our clients as possible. And sometimes that suggests moving in some business or looking for other alternatives or maybe buying a little less insurance. So it's not clear we always get the effect of all the rates. And then sometimes, only a portion of our business is commission based, a lot of it's in fees also. So it doesn't automatically flow through.  But a -- when there's rate increases, generally it does tend to improve our results. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Zaremski of Crdit Suisse. 
Charles Lederer: This is actually Charlie on for Mike. Just one quick question. Can you guys talk about the mix of the cyber business as far as the proportion of consulting versus broking? And how the performance or trends in those businesses have been differing? Or what trends you're seeing, if they're similar? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, obviously, cyber has been very strong. It's not huge in terms of its aggregate size. Most of it has been brokering, [ incident ] brokering business. So it's not to say we aren't doing some consulting, but a majority of it is in the brokering business. And it continues to grow at double-digit type of numbers but off a small base. But we continue to see that opportunity as the marketplace is looking for that solution. And we continue to see that growing in the foreseeable future. 
John Haley: I guess the only thing I'd add to that is that -- and as Mike said, this is -- we're at the beginning stages of this market really growing. But in addition to North America and Great Britain, we're now seeing some good growth in the emerging cyber insurance markets, like Western Europe, Latin America and Southeast Asia. 
Operator: And I have a follow-up with Shlomo Rosenbaum of Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: First one, I just want to ask Mike if you could just help us out a little bit more on the TRANZACT acquisition just in terms of modeling, just because it seems like there was an outsized contribution in 2019 because you're going to have a really big fourth quarter and not really get the losses that you would get for most of the rest of the year. Would you be able to just kind of help us in terms of contribution that you're expecting in earnings specifically from the acquisition? And if we were to have it for the whole year, what it would be so that we can kind of model this appropriately for 2020? 
Michael Burwell: Shlomo, I think your premise is right. Obviously, we're not having 12 months of the expenses for it since we closed on July -- the end of July here, and would have that -- only that portion of expenses. And obviously, most of the revenue, as we touched on, is coming through the AE, annual enrollment period. We had said, total growth at 7% to 8%. We said we're at 4% to 5% in terms of organic growth. And obviously, that's not 100% the numbers but it gives a good direction to it. And most of that's coming in the fourth quarter in terms of what is to be in place. And maybe I'll have -- Rich will follow back up with you, any further questions you may have. 
John Haley: I think the only other thing, Shlomo, and we're really not in a position to go through it with a lot of detail, as Mike is saying, right now. But I would say this, and I think I mentioned this in response to an earlier question. Most of the earnings guidance, the earnings increase that we did for guidance, that's almost all due to TRANZACT. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. I'm going follow up afterwards also just to see if I can pull that little bit up here. And then just one other thing... 
John Haley: Yes. I mean we recognize that it's a little difficult because, as Mike said, your premise is right, it's the -- the money is made in the fourth quarter and we have some losses in the beginning. But we just don't really feel we're in a position to do that right now. That's something we'll do when we do the 2020 guidance. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And then just one last one. John, just following up on Meyer's question on the renegotiation of the terms, do you feel like you can kind of hold the seller's feet to the fire with the earnout being all the way down to like $17 million or so? I mean it seems like the -- kind of -- I understand they're taking a lower purchase price, but why would -- if there's the same kind of confidence on your side as there was on -- as there is on their side to execute the way that they would, it's only a 2020 target, you're only talking about 18 months later. It just seems interesting that they're kind of reducing their -- almost their entire risk to that. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I would say 2 things though. One is, I think they did very, very well already on the TRANZACT acquisition and getting rid of that. And if they have the money right away and some certainty around it, then they can invest that and so that gives them some other opportunities. I mean you really have to ask them exactly why they wanted to do what they wanted to do. But for us, TRANZACT is ahead of where we thought they would be, and we feel good about where they are. And so it was something that we were happy to do that. The management team at TRANZACT is still on the original deal that we had and the original incentives. So we feel that with them -- with no change to their earnout at all, we feel very good about that. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: Just a few kind of number-related questions. First off, in terms of the rev rec in HCB coming back, you got $23 million this quarter. So is the assumption still that the remaining $25 million would come in the third quarter? 
Michael Burwell: Most of it, yes. 
John Haley: Almost all of it, yes. I mean, the vast majority of it. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then in terms of minority interest picked up to $11 million in the quarter. Is there anything that caused that to just pick up from where it had been trending? And then what -- within that line item, how should we think about modeling forward? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, what drove that was Miller specifically. And yes, I think that's the right model going forward. And again, if you want, Rich can give you some more thoughts on that. But that's -- that Miller was the main driver there. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That's helpful. And then in terms of a couple of questions on the BDA segment margin. So first off, on the legacy BDA before TRANZACT. You guys have shown -- I know obviously you -- the margins are negative in that segment for the first 3 quarters, but it's actually been trending better year-over-year, less negative. Would you expect that to continue in the third quarter on kind of the legacy BDA business? And then do you still expect TRANZACT to run at about a 25% margin, which is what you said when the deal was announced? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, Elyse, just as it relates to the overall margins in BDA, we've really gotten away from giving any segment guidance. We've kind of said overall that we'll get our operating income around 20%. But we continue to focus on improvements in that business. And the leadership team will continue to do that. So there's still opportunity there, but I'd put it in that particular context. And your second question as it relates to TRANZACT, what we see is that is consistent with what we see for the overall company, is in that type of range. 
John Haley: And the only other thing, maybe, Elyse, I would add to that is that we -- we're looking to get margin improvement everywhere and BDA is no different than that. 600 basis points is a lot. So I wouldn't necessarily assume that we'll continue to get 600 basis points. 
Operator: And this concludes the Q&A portion of today's conference. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Haley for closing comments. 
John Haley: Okay. Great. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. And we look forward to updating you on our third quarter call in the fall. Have a good day. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. You may disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-01 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Please refer to our website for the press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for the next 3 months on our website. 
 Some of the comments in today's call may consist of forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements unless required by law. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statement section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures of our most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings. [ The company will refer to ] certain non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website.
 I'll now turn the call over to Mr. John Haley. Willis Towers Watson, Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead. 
John Haley: Okay. Thank you. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on our first quarter earnings call. 
 Joining me here today are Mike Burwell, our Chief Financial Officer; and Rich Keefe, Head of Investor Relations. 
 Today, we'll review our results for the first quarter of 2019 and the outlook for the remainder of the year.
 We're pleased with the results this quarter. We were able to generate strong organic top line growth of 5%, and this marks the third consecutive quarter in which we've generated 5% or more of organic revenue growth. 
 Moreover, this quarter, we faced a challenging comparable 6% organic revenue growth in the first quarter of 2018. Despite that challenge, we still managed to generate strong organic revenue growth, and more important, we delivered profitable growth with meaningful margin expansion of 200 basis points and double-digit adjusted EPS growth. 
 As we discussed at our recent Analyst Day, we have a disciplined strategy focused on generating profitable growth, and we feel positive about the strong progress that we've made in this area. I believe this progress is a testament to the immense talent and effort that our colleagues around the world bring to the table on a daily basis. I'd like to take a moment now to recognize their hard work and dedication. Their commitment to client service and living our values are making deep and lasting impacts on our business. I'm very proud of what they've achieved for the company, for our clients and for our shareholders and for bringing our story to life. I thank them for their efforts and for another solid performance this quarter. 
 We remain committed to our strategy, and we're pleased with the progress that has been made. But we're not standing still. This is demonstrated by our recent announcement to acquire TRANZACT. We're extremely excited to bring TRANZACT into our Willis Towers Watson family. They bring exceptional talent and capabilities to bear, including a leading technology-driven direct-to-consumer solution platform, and we think they'll be a great fit within our company. 
 This pending acquisition is an excellent example of our focus on investing in areas that deliver a sustainable competitive advantage. We continually look to identify investment opportunities that are high margin or have a prospect of getting to relatively high margin. Similarly, we like them to be adjacent to our core business and have the potential to disrupt or transform some existing value chains. We believe TRANZACT checks the boxes across the board and represents a tremendous growth opportunity in the Medicare space.
 By leveraging Willis Towers Watson technological infrastructure and scale with TRANZACT's telesales and digital marketing expertise, we will have exceptional distribution and enrollment capabilities as well as a broadening position in the rapidly growing Medicare space. 
 Further, we look forward to unlocking the synergies between the 2 companies and as we execute on our plans. Overall, we're excited about this step and what it means for Willis Towers Watson, for our colleagues and for our shareholders as the next step of significant value creation. At this time, we're still in the regulatory approval process, and we expect to -- we continue to expect closing will occur in the third quarter of 2019.
 Now let's move on to our quarter 1 2019 results. Reported revenue for the first quarter was $2.3 billion, up 1% as compared to the prior year first quarter and up 5% on a constant currency and organic basis. Reported revenue included $84 million of negative currency movement. Once again, this quarter, we experienced growth on an organic basis across all of our segments.
 Net income was $293 million, up 33% for the first quarter as compared to the $221 million of net income in the prior year first quarter.
 Adjusted EBITDA was $601 million or 26% of revenues as compared to the prior year adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter of $557 million or 24.3% of revenues, representing an 8% increase on an adjusted EBITDA dollar basis and 170 basis points of margin improvement.
 For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $2.15 (sic) [ $2.20], an increase of 34% (sic) [ 37% ] compared to prior year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.98, reflecting an increase of 10% compared to prior year.
 Overall, it was a solid quarter. We grew revenue and earnings per share and had enhanced adjusted EBITDA margin performance.
 Now let's look at each of the segments in more detail. To provide clear comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be on an organic basis unless specifically stated otherwise.
 Segment margins are calculated using segment revenues and exclude unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles, certain transaction and integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions as well as other items, which we consider noncore to our operating results. The segment results do include discretionary compensation.
 The Human Capital & Benefits segment revenue was up 3% on an organic and constant currency basis compared to the first quarter of prior year. The Health and Benefits business delivered strong performance again this quarter with revenue growth of 11%, with new business and product revenue continuing to drive revenue expansion in North America while global benefit management appointments contributed to the growth outside of North America, primarily in Western Europe and Latin America.
 Health and Benefits revenue growth was also bolstered by the nonrecurrence of downward revenue adjustments, which were made in the prior year in connection with the initial adoption of the new revenue standard.
 Talent and Rewards revenue increased 3% as a result of increased advisory and survey work in North America and Western Europe. As expected, retirement revenue declined 2%, mainly as a result of headwinds from having 1 less billing day this quarter and the impact of a tough comparable from the prior year, which benefited from the triennial valuation cycle work in both Canada and Great Britain. 
 Technology and Administration Solutions revenue decreased 2%, as new business activity was eclipsed by reduced demand for project work in Great Britain. HCB's operating margin improved by 150 basis points to 25% compared to the prior year first quarter. This improvement reflects top line growth alongside disciplined expense management efforts. HCB is our largest segment. We're confident about the future prospects of all the businesses within it on both the short term and long-term basis. From Employee Benefits to Executive Compensation, HCB sits in a position of strength in the markets it serves, attracting top talent, retaining over 90% of its client base and consistently generating industry-leading margins.
 Now let's look at Corporate Risk & Broking or CRB, which had a revenue increase of 3% on a constant currency basis and 4% on an organic basis as compared to the prior year first quarter. North America's revenues grew by 4% in the first quarter, primarily as a result of new business. The International regions revenue was up 6% compared to prior year as a result of new business wins in China, Argentina, Venezuela and Central America.
 Western Europe contributed 5% revenue growth. Their growth was led by France's new business wins in large and mid-market accounts. Great Britain had a nominal decline in revenue. 
 CRB revenues were $728 million with an operating margin of 17.4% as compared to a 16.8% operating margin in the prior year first quarter. The margin expanded due to the top line performance coupled with continued cost management efforts.
 As a side note, I'd like to say how pleased I am with the progress the management team and, indeed, all of our colleagues in CRB have made over the last few quarters. To see this steady top line growth and the continued margin expansion is excellent, and our outlook on our CRB business remains positive going forward.
 Turning to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance or IRR. Revenue for the first quarter increased 6% to $589 million on a constant currency basis and increased 5% on an organic basis as compared to the prior year first quarter. Reinsurance with growth of 6% continued to lead the segment's growth through a combination of net new business and favorable renewals. 
 Insurance Consulting and Technology grew by 6%, mainly from technology sales. Investment revenue declined because of one-offs in the comparable period and timing of performance fee bookings in the current year.
 Our wholesale business was up 5% on a constant currency basis. On an organic basis, wholesale revenues decreased by 6%, excluding the Alston Gayler acquisition. The organic decline in wholesale was primarily attributable to reduced marine placements in the Miller unit. IRR had revenues of $589 million and an operating margin of 43% as compared to 45% for the prior year first quarter. The margin decline was attributable to softer trading in the Miller unit and one-off timing-related items within the investment business. Overall, we continue to feel positive about the momentum of our IRR business for 2019.
 Revenues for the BDA segment increased by 10% from the prior year first quarter, primarily as a result of having added about 300,000 lives during the 2019 enrollment period in the mid-market and large market space. Project work and out-of-scope services further enhanced this segment's revenue growth.
 Individual Marketplace revenue was down nominally as seasonality for this business is shifting, while the remaining businesses in the segment generated 14% growth, primarily led by Benefits Outsourcing.
 The BDA segment had revenues of $135 million with a minus 15% operating margin. Now that's up 11% from a minus 26% in the prior year first quarter. Top line growth and greater operating leverage both contributed to the segment's margin expansion. Our BDA offerings remained fundamental to our business growth engines of our enterprise strategy. We're optimistic about the long-term growth of this business.
 So in summary, I'm very pleased with our progress. We've produced strong earnings growth in the first quarter, we had strong revenue growth, we had meaningful margin expansion and significant adjusted EPS growth, all were continuing to invest in our future and return capital to shareholders through dividends.
 As we look to the remainder of 2019 and beyond, our future is bright. Our business is continuing to shift towards faster-growing areas. We expect to reap benefits from our investments in areas focused on innovation such as digital and technology, and we're confident in our ability to complete and successfully integrate TRANZACT.
 Now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John. And I'd like to add my congratulations of our colleagues for another good quarter and then thanks to our clients for their continued support and trust in us.
 First quarter represented a good start to the year with strong organic revenue growth, robust margin expansion and underlying adjusted EPS growth.
 Now turn to the overall detailed financial results. Let me first discuss income from operations. Income from operations for the first quarter was $359 million or 15.5% of revenue, up 420 basis points from the prior year first quarter income from operations of $259 million or 11.3% of revenue.
 Adjusted operating income for the first quarter was $492 million or 21.3% of revenue, up 200 basis points from the prior year first quarter adjusted operating income of $443 million or 19.3% of revenue.
 Let me turn to earnings per share or EPS. For the first quarter of 2019 and 2018, our diluted EPS was $2.20 and $1.61, respectively. For the first quarter of 2019, our adjusted EPS was up 10% to $2.98 per share as compared to $2.71 per share in the prior year first quarter. FX was modestly worse than previously anticipated due to a stronger U.S. dollar, resulting in a significant net unfavorable impact of approximately $0.12 in the quarter.
 Likewise, as previously guided, we were adversely impacted by a decrease in noncash pension income compared to the prior year, which resulted in a year-over-year decline of $0.12 in the quarter. Excluding the combined headwinds from currency of $0.12, the reduced pension returns of $0.12 and a little bit higher tax rate of $0.02 versus the prior year adjusted EPS growth was approximately 20%.
 From an effective tax rate perspective, our U.S. GAAP tax rate for the first quarter was 18.8% versus 16.3% in the prior year. Our adjusted tax rate for the first quarter was 20.1%, up slightly from the 19.7% rate in the prior year first quarter. This increase in effective tax rate for the quarter compared to the prior year was primarily due to additional taxes and global intangible low-taxed income or GILTI, and we continue to evaluate the impact of global tax reform on our effective tax rate, including the effect of new taxes associated with computations for changes resulting from updated interpretations and assumptions issued by the taxing authorities.
 As a result, the effective tax rate is subject to movements and will continue to be updated as more analysis and information becomes available. The adjusted tax rate for the first quarter is lower than our full year guidance due to onetime or discrete tax benefits related to excess tax benefits of share-based compensation and valuation allowance releases in certain non-U.S. jurisdictions.
 Turning to the balance sheet. We continue to have a strong financial position. In the first quarter, we implemented the new lease accounting standard. This result had no material impact to our operating income, but did result in increase in liabilities on our balance sheet, which is largely offset by a corresponding increase in assets. The gross step total was approximately $1.5 billion.
 For the first quarter of 2019, our free cash flow was negative $104 million versus $47 million in the prior year. Q1 is our seasonally lowest quarter from a cash flow standpoint due to the impact of incentive compensation payments.
 The year-over-year decline in free cash flow is due to higher compensation payments as well as some timing-related income taxes and pension contributions. As we think about cash flow generation for the remainder of the year, we expect free cash flow to build as a result of operating income growth, improved working capital and disciplined capital spending. In terms of capital allocation, we have paid approximately $77 million of dividends and did not repurchase any shares in the first quarter of 2019.
 Thinking about our guidance. For the full year, we're reaffirming our original guidance. We continue to expect organic revenue growth of around 4% and full year adjusted operating income margin to be around 20%.
 One point of clarification around our guidance. We'll remind you that our fourth quarter is our seasonally highest quarter, primarily as a result of our enrollment activity within our Benefits, Administration and Delivery business. Also concerning the H&B brokering recapture from the adoption of ASC 606, we recaptured approximately $11 million in Q1 2019 within the HCB segment and expect to recapture the remainder by the end of Q3 2019. The adjusted effective tax rate is still expected to be around 22%, excluding any potential discrete items, and we still expect free cash flow growth of 15% or better.
 Foreign exchange [ created a ] $0.12 headwind to adjusted EPS in the first quarter of '19. This will mean exchange rates remain at current levels. We expect an FX headwind of around $0.15 for the full year of 2019. Despite the additional potential FX headwinds, our adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance will remain unchanged and is projected to be in the range of $10.60 to $10.85.
 On the next quarter earnings call, we expect to update our guidance to reflect the TRANZACT acquisition, which is expected to close in Q3 2019. 
 Overall, we delivered solid financial performance in the first quarter. While I'm pleased with the results and the continued momentum of our business, there is still a lot of opportunity ahead and we remain focused on driving execution.
 And now I'll turn the call back to you, John. 
John Haley: Thanks very much, Mike, and now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question coming from the line of Greg Peters of Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: I'll ask a couple of questions. First, on organic growth. The first quarter result running ahead of your full year guidance, if I reflect back on the last couple of years, it seems like the second quarter has always been a struggle, but nevertheless, with you running ahead of your guidance it's suggesting that maybe some of the quarters maybe lower going forward than where you were in the first quarter. Can you comment? 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, I think, Greg, we don't reflect our guidance for what we think are relatively smaller changes, we don't. So Mike just got -- [ but to say ], even though we had the negative currency effect is bigger than we anticipated, we're not changing our guidance. We have a range there. And similarly, with the revenue. Even though we're a little bit ahead in the first quarter, we're not changing our guidance right now. So we don't adjust for every small, little thing. 
Charles Peters: I got it. I thought we were done with ASC 606, but it popped up in Mike's comments. And if I'm not mistaken, the benefit to 2019 was going to be in total around $40 million, and you've only booked $11 million of that. So that leaves $29 million to fall through in the second and third quarter, is that correct? 
John Haley: Yes. I'll let Mike comment on that. But let me just say, I had -- we were talking about this the other day about 606. I thought we were done with it, too, and I was telling folks that it reminded me from the scene in Carrie where the hand comes up out of the grave to strangle you. We just can't seem to get rid of this -- the effects of this standard. So up, Mike? 
Michael Burwell: So Greg, the number actually is $59 million in total. And the remainder above the $11 million that I commented on in my prepared remarks will happen by the end of the third quarter. 
Charles Peters: I loved the analogy. And so should I -- should we look at the $59 million as recurring in nature going forward so when I think about 2020, et cetera? Or is this onetime or it gets pulled out of 2020 in comparison to 2019? 
Michael Burwell: No, it will be recurring going forward is how we think about it. 
Charles Peters: All right. I guess the final question would be around the adjusted operating margin. 20% is your target for the year. And then I look at the segment results. And I've have always felt like CRB had the most opportunity and yet it looked like it was a drag on the consolidated adjusted operating margin, at least in terms of improvement in the first quarter. Can you give us some updated perspective on how that might progress through the year? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Greg, so when you look at it, I mean there is no doubt we continue to see opportunity in that business. Todd Jones and the management team there are very focused on it, and we saw improvement in the first quarter in terms of overall margin improvement. We continue to think of opportunity that we'll see and continue to see that happening. So as we look at the quarter, we're pleased with the progress they are making and we still see more. It's about 50 basis points improvement is what we saw in the first quarter for CRB. 
John Haley: And it's hard to compare that to other -- it's hard to compare that to the improvement in other segments because in HCB you have some of the 606 changes and other things. So we feel pretty good about the CRB. They are making -- as I said in my remarks, they are making good steady progress with the margin improvement, exactly what we're looking for. 
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question, I'm just trying to get a little sense of the organic revenue outlook for HCB for the balance of the year. So in the previous question, you addressed the fact that we have some rev rec benefit coming back into numbers. But then that was offset this quarter by some timing issues and retirement. And then also by the triennial valuation cycle. So do either of those -- do the impact of either of those 2 items benefit you in the past 3 quarters? Or are these things that we should be thinking about as being a headwind to organic within HCB for the balance of the year? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, Elyse, we really purposely stopped giving segment guidance on and really looking at the totality around the 4% overall. But we feel really good about the HC business -- HCB business and their ability to continue to drive revenue growth. We're not overly concerned from the triennial impacts coming forward, they're very small. But we feel very confident in the management team and what that business is going to continue to drive and really contribute, as we said, on an overall basis around that 4%. 
John Haley: I would say that the impact of the triennial evaluations tends to be more pronounced in the first half of the year than in the second half. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of IRR, you guys called out that wholesale organic was down around 6%, I believe, due to reduced Marine business within Miller. Can you just provide a little bit more color there and if that's something we expect to continue? And was that the driver of the margin deterioration within IRR in the quarter? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, Elyse. I mean we were just calling out a particular -- businesses that we had seen. We just not had seen as much continued growth in that particular business. But -- so yes, that's what we were -- that's what we're highlighting. 
John Haley: And the margin story is a little bit complicated with some of the expenses and everything. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean you do have -- we also have some expenses that we've included in there as we run off -- continue to run off and close out of our Securities business. And equally, when you look at where the market has been in terms of some of our performance fees. But we view those all as timing and still feel confident back in terms of our overall guidance from an EPS standpoint at the $10.60 to $10.85 range. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of the TRANZACT deal, is -- and I know you said you guys will update EPS guidance for that next quarter. Is the right way to think about it in that you're getting that business right? If it's the deal closes in the third quarter, the fourth quarter would be their strongest earning quarter. That relative to that type of seasonality there that would technically be accretive relative -- that your initial guidance or am I missing something and thinking about it that way? 
John Haley: Well, there is something you need to be careful about because we were planning to buy back shares. And if we don't buy back shares and we do TRANZACT instead, those 2 were offsetting, whether they offset exactly or not, that's something we'll address later on. 
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Mark Marcon with R.W. Baird. 
Mark Marcon: I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit more about TRANZACT just in terms of what you've seen post the announcement just in terms of their continued momentum. They've been growing their policies at a rapid rate of 25% to 30%, I'm wondering if that's continuing, if that -- from what you're seeing from an update perspective? 
 And then what are you hearing with regards to -- obviously, it's early in the political season, but if Medicare ends up being expanded and includes, say, [ 50-pluses ], how's that going to end up impacting their business? 
John Haley: Yes. So I think, first of all, we continue to be pleased with the performance of TRANZACT, and they're doing very well. And in fact, we expect to -- we had some sort of performance-related elements to the deal, and we expect to be paying off on them. Ideally, we'd like to pay off on all of them to see them really grow. But TRANZACT continues to do very well, and we're looking forward to getting together with them. 
 From the viewpoint of Medicare expansion, whether it's even to 62 or down into the 50s, I think one of the things we found particularly attractive about the TRANZACT deal is that if the Medicare space does expand at all, that just opens up an enormous market. As I said, even an expansion down to 62 would add -- what's that, Mike, 10 million new lives or something like that? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. 
John Haley: So all of that would be good for our business we think. 
Mark Marcon: That's great. And then can you talk a little bit about what you are seeing in Great Britain? You talked about HCB and CRB. Just wondering how should we think about it because this has been dragging -- Brexit has been dragging on, and I'm just wondering what you're hearing from your people over there and how they are dealing with the uncertainty? 
John Haley: Yes. So I would say -- I think it's actually been surprising, at least to some of us, that how -- that there is relatively little disruption on our day-to-day work. I mean when we talked about some of the impacts in GB, when we talked about HCB, you noticed what we were talking about was the triennial valuation cycle, not Brexit itself. So we're not necessarily seeing a big impact from there. 
 Even CRB, which I mentioned, it had a nominal decline in Great Britain. Actually the performance of CRB was really pretty good, and it was ahead of what we had, our internal projections. And the reason is we had several one-off natural resource projects last year that we knew were not going to be recurring. So them coming in where they did was actually ahead of where we are. 
 Brexit is something that's been weighing on the British people and British business for a couple of years now. But we're not seeing any necessary acceleration of that, I don't think. And so like everybody else, we're just waiting to see how this plays out. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. And maybe, John, I would just add one comment and that is to mark, I mean, obviously, clients come first for us and, obviously, clients and colleagues. And we've been thinking about various scenarios and various alternatives, obviously giving our presence and where it sits in that marketplace for some period of time. And it's continued to have been working at the detail level, at least in terms of working at the various alternatives. So just to add to John's comments. 
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
John Haley: Hello? 
Michael Burwell: Don't hear anything, operator. We may have lost the operator. Olivia, I can hear something? 
Mark Hughes: John, can you hear me? 
John Haley: Yes, we can hear you now. 
Mark Hughes: Okay. Very good. In looking at the BDA business, last year, the margin was relatively stable through the first 3 quarters it looks like, both in absolute dollars and percentage. Would we think that should be the same this year kind of relatively steady in terms of that loss? 
John Haley: Yes, but less of a loss. I mean, obviously, our team there, led by Gene Wickes, has been very focused on cost management and continue to -- continuous improvement like all of our segments continuing -- continued focused on it. And so I think that's a fair assumption. But I would say that they're focused on continuous improvement. 
Mark Hughes: And then on the reinsurance part of IRR, I think you talked about the momentum in renewal. Any comment on how much of that is market conditions? You're just seeing more activity, renewal rates or possibly improved or market share gains? 
John Haley: I think it's a combination of all of those. So -- and we don't -- we can't actually break that down. But I think I wouldn't underestimate the impact of just a change in reinsurance buying behavior among clients, too. So that definitely is an element of it. 
Mark Hughes: And when you say change in behavior? 
John Haley: So in other words, buying more reinsurance. 
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill. 
Paul Newsome: Is there any offset to the FX in your thinking about guidance for the year that sort of offsets it to get us back to the overall sort of guidance in there that you would highlight? 
Michael Burwell: I not sure -- I'm not sure I follow your question, I guess, what I heard you asking is -- is saying, look, with FX at -- your $0.12 overall for the first quarter, we've updated our guidance to $0.15 headwind for the year, and we did not change our guidance. We kept it at $10.60 to $10.85. So then, therefore, that's what we're assuming. We're going to be able to absorb that within that range that we said would be there. And there's really no change to margins. So that's how we're thinking about it. Help me if that isn't -- I'm not responding to your question. 
Paul Newsome: No, that's exactly what I was saying. If there was some sort of -- if you think, essentially, the strong organic growth offset or anything that you thought you'd want to point out to. 
John Haley: No, we just thought we would still be in that range. 
Paul Newsome: Okay. I was hoping you could talk about a little bit of the market environment, particularly for the brokerage operations. And 2 things I would like you to touch on. One obviously, there seems to be something going on with insurance pricing. And the other is there are comments about dislocation of lots of folks from the JLT merger and whether or not that's having any impact on your business? 
John Haley: Yes. So I mean, I think, look, pricing is generally -- each particular area has its own pricing changes. So auto is different from cyber or whatever. But in general, across most of them, we're seeing modest price increases, I'd say. That's where they -- there's a range everywhere, but they tend to be centered around modest price increases for most of them. I mean cyber is one particular example, workers comp or both probably centered around 0 change, no change in rates. But most of them have some slight ones. So that's a headwind for us. 
 The other piece of the question was JLT. And look, we have seen a -- there have been a lot of resumes on the market, and I think that's no surprise. This could be an opportunity for us to add some key people, but I think we also want to be careful about just who we bring on and when. So we're approaching this very carefully. 
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Adam Klauber with William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: The TRANZACT deal that gives you, obviously, great exposure to the growing senior market. You mentioned part of the business is telesales, part of the business is digital. Do you have any sense just as far as that senior market, how much of the market is digital today? In other words, how much of the market actually initiates or does the sales online versus more of the traditional channel? 
John Haley: We -- I don't want to wing it here. So we don't have a number on that right now. That's something we'll think about putting in when we do our update on TRANZACT for next quarter. 
Adam Klauber: Okay. But as part of the thesis that, that digital online piece is going to grow pretty rapidly? 
John Haley: That's correct. We do expect that to grow, yes. And it's one of the things, as we said, we liked a lot about TRANZACT. 
Adam Klauber: And then thinking forward and as you look at other potential deals over the longer term, is it -- are you thinking about more like TRANZACT that have that digital online exposure? Are those in the pipeline? I guess what are your thoughts on expanding your digital footprint? 
John Haley: So I think something that has that kind of digital capability and that kind of exposure, that's a feature that makes a deal more attractive. It doesn't mean that every deal has to have that there. So we'll be looking at that. But in general, what I laid out was we're looking for businesses that are going to be high-margin businesses, either are already there or have the capability to get there relatively quickly. We're looking for businesses that fit in and that are relatively near adjacencies to our existing business. And we're looking for that, simply put, because we want to understand the businesses ourselves. We don't want to be acquiring things that we don't understand inside and out. So that's why we're looking for things that are relatively near adjacencies. 
 But within that, if a deal is accretive, it's more attractive than if it's dilutive; if it has more digital capabilities, it's more attractive than if it doesn't. So we'd be looking about that. I mean having said that, we're really focused on organic growth, too. 
Adam Klauber: Great. And then as far your -- the benefits business for large and jumbo clients, some of the other competitors, there's been some dislocation, as you know, some have been splitting their tech and consulting, some are trying to figure out what to do with their technology. Has that been of benefit in -- with you picking up clients in that large and jumbo market? 
John Haley: I don't know that we see that as having a particularly large impact, no. 
Operator: Our next question coming from the line of Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. 
Yaron Kinar: And I apologize in advance, I missed the first part of the call. Did you talk about the FX impact on margins? And if not, can you maybe talk about that now? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. Yaron, there was really no real, meaningful impact on margins from FX. Not material. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then my other question, I guess I was caught off guard by the [ off year ] in terms of the triennial valuation cycle. Should there be any impact from that for the rest of the year? And are there other maybe one-offs that we should be thinking about for the rest of the year? 
John Haley: Yes. I mean I think the answer to that is, no. I mean the triennial valuations have an impact the whole year. I mean it's this year compared to last year. The effect is more pronounced in the first half of the year than it is in the second half of the year. There's nothing else comparable to that. We did call out that last year, the triennial valuations were a reason that we had good growth last year. So it was something we tried to signal then. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. I must have missed that. And then finally, so the remaining $48 million of ASC 606 catch-up in the second and third quarters, should those be roughly evenly spread? Or do you expect that to be more weighed to 1 of the 2 quarters? 
Michael Burwell: I would think they'd be pretty even. I guess it's the best way I would look at it. 
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Sean Reitenbach with KBW. 
Sean Reitenbach: It seems like -- going back to wholesale, it seems like pricing in many wholesale lines is generally positive and modestly accelerating but revenues declined, which you guys called out to the marine. Are there any concerns about the net new business going forward and whether you'd expect, kind of, to see some positive movement from -- on renewals due to rate and that would be positively impacted going forward? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, as John said, we see the rate is -- depends on the line and in terms of modest increase in pricing. Obviously that's winning and continuing to win more net new business. So it's both volume and rate. So we've had as we've articulated, a little bit of volume change here that's gotten a little soft for us. But let me tell you, the management team is very focused on it, and we manage it for the entirety of the year. So we're giving an update here at the quarter, but our expectation is to meet what we have said in terms of objectives for the year. 
Operator: And our next question coming from the line of Michael Zaremski with Crdit Suisse. 
John Haley: We're not hearing anything. 
Operator: I think I'm showing he's just removed himself from the queue. At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I would like to turn the conference over to Mr. Haley. 
John Haley: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today, and we look forward to updating you in our second quarter call in August. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program, and you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Willis Towers Watson Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Rich Keefe, Head of Investor Relations at Willis Towers Watson. Sir, you may begin. 
Rich Keefe: Good morning. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson earnings call. On the call with me today are John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Burwell, our Chief Financial Officer.
 Please refer to our website for the press release and supplemental information that was issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded. Some of the comments in today's call may constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements are subject to risk and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those discussed today, and the company undertakes no obligation to update these statements. For a more detailed discussion of these and other risk factors, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures in our most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings.
 During the call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For reconciliations of the non-GAAP measures as well as other information regarding these measures, please refer to the most recent earnings release and other materials in the Investor Relations section of the company's website.
 After our prepared remarks, we'll open the conference call for your questions.
 Now I'll turn the call over to John Haley. 
John Haley: Thanks, Rich, and good morning, everyone. Today, we'll review our results for the fourth quarter of 2018 and for the full year. And then we'll provide a brief commentary on the outlook for 2019.
 Before discussing the 2018 financial results, I'd like to reflect on our journey since the merger. The fourth quarter of 2018 marked the end of Willis Towers Watson integration activities. Over the course of the last 3 years, we've faced many challenges, and I'm extremely proud of the progress we've made. Our success is evident in the financial results. We executed on our synergy goals for margin expansion, for revenue growth and for lowering the tax rate, and we nearly doubled our free cash flow in 2018.
 In short, we made a commitment to create long-term shareholder value and we delivered. I believe that with our continuing focus on servicing clients and strategic investments in innovation, we're well positioned to deliver sustainable growth into the future.
 I'm also honored that Willis Towers Watson was recently included on Bloomberg's 2019 Gender-Equality Index, as it demonstrates our commitment to equality and advancing women in the workplace. Gender equality is essential to Willis Towers Watson's wider commitment to inclusion and diversity as we strive to attract, retain and develop the very best talent to best serve our clients.
 This year, at The World Economic Forum at Davos, Willis Towers Watson was a cosponsor of Bloomberg Live's The Year Ahead Davos event, where Julie Gebauer, Head of Human Capital & Benefits, spoke about the value of broadening perspectives as part of the gender-equality conversation. Participating in The World Economic Forum was an exciting opportunity for us to share our perspective on critical topics, like the future of work, inclusion and diversity, climate finance and cyber risk. It's clear that we're entering an era that will revolutionize the way we work and the way we think about inclusiveness. As trusted advisers and thought leaders in our increasingly socially conscious world, we're well positioned to help our clients and colleagues keep pace with the transition.
 Now let's turn to our results. Just as a reminder, as of January 1, 2018, we adopted the new accounting standard, ASC 606. A detailed description of the impact of ASC 606 will be provided in our Form 10-K filing, and detailed explanations of how the new standard impacted our performance and the presentation of our financial statements has been provided in our earnings release this morning.
 I will first report the results using the prior accounting standard, excluding the impact of the new accounting standard. Based on the prior accounting standard, without the impact of ASC 606, reported revenue for the fourth quarter was $2.1 billion, up 3% as compared to the prior year fourth quarter and up 5% on a constant currency basis and up 6% on an organic basis.
 Reported revenue included $49 million of negative currency movement. We experienced growth on an organic basis across all of our segments for the quarter.
 Net income was $174 million, down 31% for the fourth quarter as compared to the $253 million of net income in the prior year fourth quarter, which included a onetime tax benefit from tax reform.
 Adjusted EBITDA was $525 million or 24.5% of revenue, as compared to the prior year adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $484 million or 23.3% of revenue, representing an 8% increase on an adjusted EBITDA dollar basis and 120 basis points of margin improvement.
 For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $1.29, and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.40. Overall, it was a good quarter. We grew revenue and earnings per share and had adjusted EBITDA margin performance.
 Now turning to the results based on ASC 606 for the new accounting standard. Reported revenues for the fourth quarter were $2.4 billion. Net income for the fourth quarter was $383 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $774 million or 32.6% of revenue. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $2.89, and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $4.
 Now let's look at each of the segments in more detail. To provide clear comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be based on the prior accounting standard and reflect revenues on a constant currency basis, unless specifically stated otherwise.
 Segment margins are calculated using segment revenues and exclude unallocated corporate costs, such as the amortization of intangibles, restructuring costs and certain transaction and integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions as well as other items which we consider noncore to our operating results. The segment results include discretionary compensation.
 For the fourth quarter, total segment revenues grew 5% on both a constant currency basis and on an organic basis.
 Human Capital & Benefits, or HCB, had a solid quarter with a 4% constant currency and organic growth as compared to the prior year fourth quarter. The solid performance extended across all our businesses in the segment. We had the strongest growth in our Health and Benefits business, with revenue increasing by 7% as compared to the prior year fourth quarter. The growth was primarily a result of solid growth in North America, driven by increased advisory work and growth in our Specialty products.
 In addition, we experienced continued momentum outside of North America, related to global benefit management appointments as well as increases in local and regional market share. 
 Talent and Rewards fourth quarter revenue increased by 7% as compared to the prior year fourth quarter. The net growth was primarily due to strong market demand for compensation surveys globally and for advisory work in North America, Western Europe and International.
 As expected, the retirement business experienced nominal growth compared to the prior year fourth quarter. A low level of derisking projects like bulk lump-sums in North America was more than offset by growth in Great Britain related to more favorable pricing on consulting projects and growth in International from strong project activity in Asia.
 Our Technology and Administration Solutions, or TAS, revenue grew moderately compared to the prior year fourth quarter, with increased revenues in Germany from new client implementations. The operating margin for the HCB segment was 24%, an increase of 3% from the prior year fourth quarter. Revenue growth and disciplined expense management contributed to the margin growth.
 Now turning to the HCB results. Including the impact of the new revenue standard, the HCB segment had revenues of $843 million and an operating margin of 30%.
 Now let's look at Corporate Risk & Broking, or CRB, which had a revenue increase of 5% on both a constant currency and organic basis as compared to the prior year fourth quarter.
 North America's revenue grew by 7% in the fourth quarter, with strong results across all lines of business. International, Western Europe and Great Britain each contributed 4% revenue growth. International continued its momentum, driven primarily by new business wins in Asia and Latin America. Great Britain and Western Europe generated several new business wins in construction, energy and claims management.
 CRB revenues were $812 million with an operating margin of 30% as compared to a 27% operating margin in the prior year fourth quarter. The margin expanded due to the top line performance coupled with continued cost management efforts.
 Now turning to the CRB results, including the impact of the new revenue standard. For the quarter, CRB had revenues of $816 million and an operating margin of 29%. We continue to be optimistic about the momentum in our CRB business going forward.
 Turning to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance, or IRR. Revenue for the fourth quarter increased 5% to $297 million on a constant currency basis and increased 8% on an organic basis as compared to the prior year fourth quarter.
 Operating margins were negative 1%, a slight improvement versus the same period last year. This was driven by revenue growth in the Reinsurance, Insurance Consulting and Technology, Investment and Wholesale businesses, which all delivered mid-single-digit growth or better. Reinsurance had strong growth, primarily driven by net new business performance in North America, while the Insurance Consulting and Technology growth was driven by technology sales in EMEA and consulting project activity in the Americas.
 Investment grew due to new client wins and continued growth in delegated investment services. Wholesale growth was driven mainly through the Specialty business unit. Overall, the fourth quarter 2018 margin expanded due to the robust revenue growth for the quarter.
 Now turning to the IRR results. Including the impact of the new revenue standard, IRR had revenues of $280 million and an operating margin of 2%. We continue to feel very positive about the momentum of the IRR business in 2019.
 Revenues for the BDA segment increased by 8% from the prior year fourth quarter. Driven by increased enrollments, our Individual Marketplace revenues increased by 5%, while the remaining businesses in the segment generated 11% growth, led by Benefits Outsourcing. Increased membership and new clients drove the revenue increase in Benefits Outsourcing, while the Group Marketplace business continued to grow, primarily due to new clients and customized active exchange projects.
 So let me turn to the 2019 enrollments. As we mentioned in our previous earnings call, enrollment continued to look strong in both the midmarket and large market space. We added about 300,000 lives during the 2019 enrollment period. The Individual Marketplace exchange enrollment seasonality has been shifting as the business matures. We're seeing enrollment spread more evenly throughout the year due to off-cycle enrollments in age-ins and a more modest increase in enrollments during the fall enrollment season. To that end, we expect to enroll another 55,000 to 65,000 retirees during 2019 via off-cycle enrollment in age-ins. 
 The BDA segment had revenues of $209 million with a 28% operating margin, up 5% as compared to the prior year fourth quarter. The expansion in margin was a result of the strong revenue growth as well as our ability to continue to scale these businesses. The BDA segment reflecting the new revenue standard had revenue of $390 million and an operating margin of 61%. The primary driver of this difference is due to the effect of the new revenue accounting standard on the Individual Marketplace. These revenues must now be recognized at the date of placement rather than prorating them starting at their effective date. So under the new standard, the majority of the revenue generated by annual enrollment activity in the fall is now recognized immediately, whereas under the old standard, this revenue would have started to be recognized in January 2018 on a pro rata basis throughout the year. So this changed results in higher revenue recognition of the fourth quarter of the calendar year under the new standard.
 In summary, I'm very pleased with our progress. We produced strong earnings growth in the fourth quarter and for the full year, with strong revenue growth, a meaningful margin expansion and significant adjusted EPS growth, all while continuing to invest in our future and return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
 I'd like to thank all of our colleagues for their unwavering commitment to delivering outstanding service and also our clients for their continued support of Willis Towers Watson. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John, and good morning to everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us. I'd like to add my thanks and congratulations to all our colleagues for their efforts and contributions to our strong finish and our overall financial performance in 2018, and thank our clients as well for their continued support.
 My comments around our 2018 results will discuss our results without the impact of ASC 606, unless otherwise stated, in order to assist with comparability over the prior year periods. Now let's turn to the financial overview.
 Let me first discuss income from operations. Income from operations for the fourth quarter was $210 million or 9.8% of revenue, up 163% from the prior year fourth quarter income from operations of $80 million or 3.8% of revenue.
 Adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter was $390 million or 18.2% of revenue, up 5% from the prior year fourth quarter adjusted operating income of $370 million or 17.8% of revenue.
 Income from operations for the full year 2018 was $907 million or 10.5% of revenue, up 76% from the same period in the prior year of $516 million or 6.3% of revenue. Adjusted operating income for the full year of 2018 was $1.6 billion or 19.1% of revenue and up 9% as compared to the same period in the prior year, in which adjusted operating income was $1.5 billion or 18.4% of revenue.
 Now let me turn to EPS or earnings per share. For the fourth quarter of 2018 and '17, our diluted EPS was $1.29 and $1.84, respectively. The year-over-year decline in diluted EPS was due to the inclusion of the aforementioned onetime tax benefit in the comparable period, which was incurred in connection with the U.S. tax reform.
 For the fourth quarter of 2018, our adjusted EPS was up 9% to $2.40 per share as compared to $2.21 per share in the prior year fourth quarter. For the full year 2018 and '17, diluted EPS was $5.87 and $4.18, respectively.
 For the full year 2018, adjusted EPS was up 21% to $10.33 per share versus $8.51 per share in the same period in the prior year. Under the new revenue recognition standard, our diluted EPS was $2.89 for the quarter and $5.27 for the full year 2018, and our adjusted EPS was $4 per share for the quarter and $9.73 for the full year.
 Moving to taxes, I'd like to provide you with some additional insight into our U.S. GAAP and adjusted tax rates. Without the impact of ASC 606, the U.S. GAAP tax rate for the fourth quarter was 19.9%, as compared to negative 221.4% for the prior year fourth quarter. As a reminder, with respect to our fourth quarter prior year rate, we had booked a onetime discrete net tax benefit from U.S. tax reform in the prior year, which resulted in a significantly lower U.S. GAAP tax rate for both Q4 '17 and for the full year of 2017.
 Our adjusted tax rate for the fourth quarter was 20.9%, a slight increase from the 20.6% rate in the prior year fourth quarter. For the full year, the U.S. GAAP tax rate was 16.2% for 2018 and the adjusted tax rate was 19.4%, which was slightly lower than our guided adjusted tax rate of 20% to 21%.
 Moving to the balance sheet. We continue to have a strong financial position. For the full year 2018, without the impact of the new revenue standard, our full year free cash flow was $1.1 billion, an increase of $508 million or 90% compared to the prior year. Including the impact of the new revenue standard, our free cash flow was $1 billion, an increase of 81% compared to the same period in the prior year.
 Our balance sheet position continues to strengthen. During the year, we successfully issued $1 billion in senior notes to help with the efficiency of our capital structure, provide additional financial flexibility.
 Moreover, as a result of our increased profitability, our debt-to-adjusted EBITDA leverage ratio decreased to 2.1x at fiscal year-end 2018 from 2.4x in the -- at the end of the prior year -- beginning of the prior year.
 In terms of the capital allocation, we repurchased approximately 201 million shares (sic) [ $201 million in shares ] during the fourth quarter and $602 million for the full year. Since the merger, we have repurchased or retired approximately 12.3 million shares and paid approximately $784 million in dividends.
 Now that we've summarized last year's performance, let's take a look ahead to our guidance for 2019. Having moved past initial adoption year for the new revenue standard, we will no longer report our financial results based on both the old accounting standard and the ASC 606 accounting standard. Starting in 2019, all our financial results will be reported based solely on the ASC 606 standard. Accordingly, the 2019 guidance will be -- we will provide you today is based on the ASC 606 rules.
 For the company, we expect organic revenue growth of around 4%. Our noncash pension income, which is classified within Other income, net line, is expected to decline due primarily to declining returns on plan assets.
 We have provided some further guidance on how to think about Other income, net line in our supplemental materials. We're changing our margin guidance to focus on adjusted operating margin so investors can get a better sense of our core margin performance going forward. We expect our full year 2019 adjusted operating income margin to be around 20%.
 Pertaining to tax, we expect our adjusted effective tax rate to be around 22% for fiscal year 2019, excluding any potential discrete items, compared to 19.4% in 2018. This increase stems from changes related to the effects of tax -- the tax reform legislation. We continue to evaluate the impact of tax reform on our effective tax rate, including the effect of new taxes associated with computations for changes resulting from updated interpretations and assumptions issued by the taxing authorities.
 As a result, the effective tax rate is subject to volatility and will continue to be updated as more analysis and information becomes available. We will continue to look at tax planning strategies, which may lower the rate beyond this year's guided rate.
 We expect another year of strong free cash flow. We're changing the way we categorize our long-term free cash flow growth expectations to indicate a longer-term view. In general, we expect free cash flow to grow 15% or greater in each year over the next 3-year period, measured from our 605 amounts.
 Annual guidance assumes average currency rates of $1.29 to the pound and $1.14 to the euro. Assuming exchange rates remain at the current level, we expect FX to be a headwind to adjusted EPS for 2019 by approximately $0.10 per share. And we expect the majority of this impact in the first quarter.
 Adjusted diluted earnings per share is project to be in line with the range of $10.60 to $10.85. This guidance includes the impact from the expected headwind items to adjusted diluted earnings per share, such as currency, the $0.10 reduction, lower noncash pension income, around 36% -- $0.36 reduction and the higher adjusted effective tax rate in 2019, around $0.35 reduction.
 Excluding these items, our expected adjusted EPS growth for 2019 will be at the double-digit adjusted EPS growth rate, which we have provided as a long-term growth objective.
 In summary, we're pleased with our 2018 results and continue momentum into 2019. There is still a lot of opportunity ahead, and we remain focused on driving execution.
 So before I turn the call back to John, I want to remind you, this year, we'll be hosting an Analyst Day in Washington, D.C. on March 22, 2019. And we look forward to seeing you there. 
John Haley: Okay, thanks, Mike. And now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: My first question, just want to make sure the $60 reduction in other income line for 2019, would that be just one-off you -- as you're going forward, low -- the level of other income will be lower? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, based on '19, that's -- we think it's a reasonable amount that we would think that, that would be a similar line item in that kind of range, Kai, in terms of thinking about the number going forward. 
Kai Pan: Okay, that's very clear. Then John, for the organic growth guidance, 4%, this year did 5%. Just wondering if anything sort of in your mind that could be headwind into 2019? 
John Haley: Well, I think if you look -- I think generally, the industry as a whole is projecting growth around 4%. And we're saying we think we'll grow as fast as our competitors, if not faster. That's how we have the 4%. We did very well in 2019, and we expect to -- I mean, in 2018. We expect to continue to build on that in 2019. Nothing special that we've built into that. 
Kai Pan: Okay, great. One more, it's just last one, a larger-picture question is that looking back at last 3 years, your $10.33 achieved overdelivered your $10.10 target. So John, looking next 2 years, you've extended your contracts for another 2 years through 2020. There are 2-part question. Number one is that what will you will be focusing on in the next 2 years? Number two, you have new stock unit awards on the -- tied to specific performance, like $10.10 target for the past 2 years -- past 3 years. 
John Haley: So let me answer that first -- the second part of the question first. The new stock awards will -- the way we did the one-time mega grant of the 3 years was special. And a particular set of metrics we used there with that. We'll focus more on just total shareholder return for the new awards. So over the next 2 years, I think -- the story of the last 3 years was really bringing the 2 firms together. We had some synergy goals we wanted to get in terms of revenue. We had some efficiency goals we wanted to get in terms of lowering our overall costs. We had some tax savings we wanted to get. I think we want to continue to press in all 3 of those areas, but I think even more what we want to focus on is bringing Willis Towers Watson together and getting the synergies across all of our operations. So as I said, we -- in 2018, we grew as fast as our competitors or a little bit faster when we look on an organic basis against them. And we want to build off of that in 2019 and 2020. I think one of the things that from a -- from a financial perspective, one of the main focuses we're going to have is growing our free cash flow. And as Mike referenced in his remarks, we expect that for the short to medium term, we should be able to grow free cash flow by 15% a year. And that's one of the key new metrics we're focusing on. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: I guess, John, just to build on your last answer when you're talking about free cash flow. I was hoping maybe you could spend a minute and sort of give us some of the components that you would expect near term and longer term for -- to drive free cash flow growth, because it's clearly growing at a faster clip than your earnings per share guidance might suggest. And embedded in that, I'm curious if you could give us an update on some of the pieces of the puzzle like DSOs. 
John Haley: Yes, I think so. First of all, profit is something that we expect to be growing significantly over the years. And one of the things to notice is that Mike referenced some of the headwind we have from lower pension income, but what that means is we actually are getting more cash flow as larger percentage of our profit that we're getting there. So that's going to be helping us. We have no integration cost going forward. We're going to be focusing on our working capital, and we are -- we successfully lowered our DSOs this year. And we're going to continue to press on that in coming years, Greg. 
Charles Peters: And just to build on that answer, can you talk about the balance between investing in your operations and extracting margin improvement? It seems like many of your peers are talking about investing in things like InsurTech and other initiatives to help drive -- improve efficiency, and of course, that's an upfront expense. 
John Haley: Yes, I mean, we've actually referenced this on some of the calls over the last couple of years. The single largest investments we have as a company are in InsurTech. We're continuing to push on this -- in this area and in others. We have a lot of work we do on that already. We consider ourselves one of the leaders in this area, and we're -- it's going to continue to be an important part of what we do. 
Charles Peters: Okay, and my second question and the last question I have is just around the organic revenue guidance. And I was wondering if you could -- and I know you don't want to get nailed down to specific guidance by segment, but I'm wondering if you could give us a sense or some sort of feel for how the different segments might perform in this upcoming year? 
John Haley: Well, I think one of the things that -- we feel much more confident in giving some overall guidance for the company. The further you break it down, the more likely it is to be -- we just don't have as much visibility into every last little thing. We feel pretty good about the guidance at the company level. And that's why we're trying to stick to that. I would note, though, that all of our segments grew this year, and we expect all of our segments to grow again next year. 
Operator: Our next question is from Shlomo Rosenbaum, Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: I just want to -- a couple of things I just want to jump into. And Mike, maybe you can just -- give us just a little bit more detail on the pension stuff. I had to jump back and forth on the call so I might have missed that. But the reason why you have this hit is because lower expected return on assets, and that's something we should expect on just a go-forward basis. Is that correct? 
Michael Burwell: Well, some of -- no, the -- if you look at -- we have obviously -- we have an -- we're an actuary, and actuarial services that we provide to many clients, we obviously provide that to ourselves in terms of going through that determination. It's no secret in terms of some of the asset performance that happened last year in 2018. And that had a direct impact in terms of what the returns would be for us going forward in calculating that actuarial valuation. So really, that's the direct piece of it and... 
John Haley: Right. Yes, maybe I'll just make -- maybe just make a couple comments quickly on that, Shlomo. So first of all, markets tanked in December. So we just have a lot less pension assets at the end of December when we do the measurement. Interestingly enough, during the same time, you might have thought that the interest rates would be going up, but in fact, they went down, the longer-term rates, just a little bit. So our liabilities increased at the same time that our assets were going down. We are a mark-to-market company. So we don't smooth the assets. So if you look at companies that smooth the asset performance over the years, they get hit a little bit by some of the drop that we experienced in the fourth quarter. But they are offsetting that by maybe some increases from prior year. So it's not as big a difference. The companies that mark to market see bigger differences year-to-year. 
Michael Burwell: And the cash implications of this is nominal. It's very small. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: So this could -- it's really a fourth quarter event that impacted that. And we could see that turning around next year -- this year as well. The same way it went down this year, could it go up next year? 
John Haley: Well, let me just say if we had measured the assets at the end of January, we would had a different result. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And then on the free cash flow side, did you make the litigation settlement in 2018? Or is that still coming in 2019? 
John Haley: That's still coming, we hope, in 2019. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And just one of the things I'm looking at, just if I step back with a lot less integration impact, and really, if you go ahead and peel out the fact that the pension stuff is noncash, shouldn't you be having a little bit faster free cash flow growth? I mean, because the margin is -- underlying margin is continuing to expand. You're continuing to work on the working capital. And the -- wouldn't the business know? Without the cash cost from the integration, shouldn't you be getting faster growth than that certainly in the near term? 
John Haley: Well, one thing to keep in mind, Shlomo, is that we do have -- we are expecting to pay the $120 million, as you said, in 2019. And so we're not trying to -- we're not saying adjust for the $120 million. We're saying we'll get 15%... 
Michael Burwell: Minimum or plus. Minimum would be the 15%, Shlomo. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Oh, got it. So 15% including the hit of $120 million? 
John Haley: Including the hit of $120 million, yes. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Got it, got it. And then is there -- if you could just talk a little bit holistically, the organic growth of the business has as you said been basically in line to ahead of peers recently. Is there some -- any reason to expect any difference going forward? Do you feel comfortable with some of the changes that you've made over the last several years in leadership and the trajectory of the brokerage business that you should be able to achieve that on a go-forward basis? 
John Haley: Yes, I feel great about the leadership we have in place. From the Operating Committee on down, I think we have terrific leaders across -- really across all of our segments and geographies. I'm very optimistic about what we can achieve. And I think there is -- every year has its own issues that you have to deal with, but frankly, in some way, some of the harder things are behind us. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, great. If I could squeeze the last one in. Just on capital allocation, historically, the legacy Watson Wyatt and then Towers Watson business has always been very -- had a conservative posture on debt. You wanted a lot powder dry for acquisitions. Is that the way we should think about it going forward? Or should we expect that the company might step up some of their share repurchase activity? 
John Haley: Well, I think what we would be looking at is share repurchase -- what -- we're looking at about $800 million or so that we should have available that we could use for acquisitions if we found some really great acquisitions we wanted to do. If we didn't do that, we'll repurchase shares. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with Baird. 
Mark Marcon: Congratulations on the 3 years. A lot of people were doubters 3 years ago and you obviously hit everything. I'm wondering if you could just talk about a couple of things. John, you had mentioned one of the organizational goals on a go-forward basis is just to continue to improve the way that the organization works together. I'm wondering if you can just talk about some of the -- how you're viewing like the internal alignment, the incentives, the culture? What are some of the major goals that you have over the next 2 years that you would -- that could actually be observable from the outside or that people on the inside should certainly see in terms of a change, in terms of the way of operating? 
John Haley: So I think certainly from the inside, we'll see -- we -- as we go to market, and this is particularly in the U.S. in talking to some of our -- some of the large companies, going to the market with our integrated proposition has led to us penetrating, being particular, the CRB market, in companies that we traditionally have not worked for. I mean, just in the fourth quarter, in the December -- November, December timeframe, we had a couple of large organizations that we won the CRB work for. I think that integrated approach, and it couldn't have occurred without both the CRB and some of the other parts of the organization working together. So I think we'll start to see that pay off. That'll be more visible to people inside, but I think outside, you'll probably see it in continued growth in our large market in CRB. In North America in particular, I think we're increasingly seeing chances to work together between our Insurance Consulting and Technology operation and Reinsurance, and those took off right away working together. Increasingly, we are seeing the tools and analytics that we have available from ICT, we're introducing them into CRB and bringing them together. In response to an earlier question, I talked about InsurTech. A lot of what we do in ICT is really on the InsurTech forefront there. And so we expect to see some of that coming in. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And then 2 more questions, if I may. Just with regards to the segment, growth -- you mentioned the overall 4% organic revenue growth. Maybe without being very specific about the specific expectations, could you just talk about rank ordering from strongest to perhaps most modest in terms of what your revenue growth expectations are among the 4 major segments? And then also, where are you investing the most? And then the last question is for Mike. Just can you get a little bit more specific in terms of the DSOs and what the goal is there? And how should we think about the EBITDA, the free cash flow conversion? 
John Haley: Okay, thanks, Mark. So let me start off and say, from the segments, I think the earnings growth rate is actually reasonably consistent across all of the segments. I think BDA is a segment that we talked about -- we're having the great growth in the new enrollments. But of course, that's also a segment with -- when you're selling to retirees there, there's a mortality element that you have to take into account too. So you lose some of your customers every year. And some of the premiums that we got when we first enrolled, people only last for a certain number of years, so they fade off too. So my point is, I think BDA has been, by far, the fastest growing of our segments over the last couple of years. We'll see that more in the same pack I think with the rest of them. And at a broad-brush 30,000-foot level, they all look more like -- all look about the same as the company overall. I think IRR is the one that probably has the most volatility. Within segments, we'll see things like Health and Benefits, which I think will be very fast growing, but then that could be offset by other parts. So the 4% is probably not a bad thing to think about for all the segments. In terms of what do we -- excuse me? 
Mark Marcon: Which one would you invest in the most? 
John Haley: So yes, so the ones we're investing in, I think, we're investing in Health and Benefits. That's an area that, as I said, is incredibly fast growing. We are investing in IRR and in CRB also. And a lot of ways we're investing in IRR and CRB are through the -- some of the InsurTech or some of the ICT materials that we're doing. The two largest investments that we have in the company are InsurTech around that Innovisk that we have that we announced last year, and then we also -- the AMX for -- the asset management exchange is an area we're investing in. So those are some of the areas that we're investing in for big growth. I should also mention now there are areas that are -- that may not have large growth that it still pays for us to invest in to make sure that we can maintain our market share or to make sure that we can improve our efficiency and grow. And so retirement, for example, would be a case like that, where we continue to invest in that because it's a great business to be in. 
Michael Burwell: And then on the DSO question, I mean, obviously, you saw the improvement in working -- free cash flow that we commented on in our prepared remarks. And we targeted a 5-day reduction last year, and we're looking at a similar number to continue to drive that kind of improvement going into this next year. So as we said, we're really kind of focused on 15% or better in terms of free cash flow growth. And that's what we're really targeting, and obviously, DSO is a big part of that in terms of really looking at working capital overall and working capital management. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: The CRB growth at 7% in North America seems like a very strong number. You had alluded to some new business wins that came through kind of an integrated approach. How much of that 7% would you -- was there any timing benefit there? Or could you quantify how much might have come through revenue synergies this quarter? 
John Haley: No, because we don't really -- we don't actually record them or break them down. So we don't even have that data that we can ascribe, well, we got this win because of synergies, and we got this win for a different reason. So some of these -- these just happen to be big-name companies and so there's some anecdotal evidence about that. But I would say there wasn't anything special around timing. We had -- I mean, one of the things I'd mentioned is we had a really good fourth quarter in the -- in 2017. And so our growth in this fourth quarter in 2018 was I think all the more impressive, because it was off a strong quarter there. But I mean, we had areas like Construction, which is a traditional strength of ours. That was very strong in the fourth quarter this year. But really, particularly in North America, this was an across-the-board good result. 
Mark Hughes: And then the share repurchase activity, how should we think about the total share count in 2019? Are you just going to be repurchasing issued shares and so hold steady? Or are you going to make a progress on reducing the share count? 
John Haley: Well, I think as I said in response to, I think, it was Shlomo's question or Mark, Mark's question about the -- I should -- we expect to spend about $800 million. If we did no acquisitions, we would use the whole $800 million to repurchase shares. That would lower the share count. If we do some acquisitions, it could eat into that. But -- so we expect that we would do at least half, if not more, of that in share repurchase, so. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Zaremski with Crdit Suisse. 
Michael Zaremski: I know there's been a lot of talk on free cash flow, but I apologize, I'm going to come back to it again. Given the -- I think implications were for free cash flow to grow by closer to 25%. So maybe you can kind of talk to the long-term goal of maybe CapEx as a percent of revenues? Is that what's keeping free cash flow from growing further because you're looking at making more investments? Or is it maybe the -- I think you alluded to the interest rates declining at the end of the year, and so it's the pension contribution? Maybe both? If you can kind of talk to why the gap between free cash flow and operating income levels isn't closing as fast as people expected? 
John Haley: I don't think we had any guidance of 25% increase in free cash flow. So I'm... 
Michael Zaremski: I was just taking a consensus, sorry, on Bloomberg. 
John Haley: I don't know. I mean, we think 15% per year is a pretty good result. So... 
Michael Burwell: In some years, it will be much higher, in some years, lower. And where we're excluding the view that there will be the settlement happening in 2019, it is most likely, I mean, that, that will happen in 2019 on Stanford litigation that we have outstanding. Obviously, you see the integration cost go away. And on top of that base 605 number, we see free cash flow growing at a minimum of 15%, if not greater. But some years, it will be higher, some years, it will be lower. And so I think 15% is a pretty good target to have. 
Michael Zaremski: Okay, that's fair. My follow-up and last question is, when you think about organic growth in margins for 2019, in past quarters, your results have sometimes have been a little bit more volatile than peers. I know the new accounting was sometimes tough to digest. So I'm just curious are there any tough comps or nuanced seasonality you think we should be aware of as we tweak our models for 2019? 
Michael Burwell: I don't think so, no. 
Operator: Our next question is from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. 
Yaron Kinar: Two question. I guess, going back to free cash flow. Looking at the 15% or more guidance for '19 in growth. I think you said that you that still expect 5 -- extracting about 5 days of DSO in '19. So I think that gets to about $100 million. So would the remainder just be -- just the EBITDA growth? Am I thinking about it correctly? 
Michael Burwell: I mean, that's -- we'll get some combination of... 
John Haley: We didn't... 
Michael Burwell: We didn't get into that specifically at that level. 
John Haley: We haven't broken it down that specifically. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. But it is correct to think of the $100 million roughly of the 15% improvement coming from DSO improvement? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, I think we had a similar kind of target last year, and that's -- we're putting a similar type of improvement last year, I mean, so that's a similar year-on-year kind of improvement. And we had 5 days targeted out. 
John Haley: But again, we didn't break it down that specifically. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay, and do think that improving DSO by 5 days a year is -- should we expect that to start slowing down in the out years? Or is that a reasonable number to think about kind of for the foreseeable future? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I still would just come back to the 15% in terms of targeting some combination of all those things: profits, working capital management, managing how we manage overall cash flow. So I mean, we're targeting 15% in the combination of all those. 
John Haley: Yes, and I mean, look, I think we do think we can continue to get DSO improvements in each of the coming years. They may not be as much in one year as the other. But we are -- we do think -- and eventually, it'll slow down as we get closer to what our goal is. But we think there's at least several more years of improvement that we can get. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then on EBITDA. I think in the past, you had said that 25.5% was kind of the [ forward ] for 2019. But then clearly, you've had a little bit of a change in the other income now, on the one hand. On the other hand, I'm assuming you have a little more clarity on potential other drivers for EBITDA improvement. How should we think of EBITDA guidance outlook thoughts for 2019? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, we're really not giving guidance on EBITDA. That's why we thought it was more appropriate to really focus on operating income, which really focuses on the operations overall and then improvement. So you really take out that pension volatility that we had touched on earlier in our comments. 
John Haley: But I mean, if you think about that, the adjusted operating margin was -- I think it was 18.4% in 2017 and 19.1% for this year. And we're saying we're going to close to 20% for next year. So we're expecting to continue to improve our margins significantly. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And one last quick one. The $60 million decrease in other income in 2019, that's compared to 2018's $250 million, right? Not the adjusted $283 million? 
Michael Burwell: So just a -- just can you repeat the question back, just to make sure we got it? 
Yaron Kinar: Sure. You're talking about a $60 million decrease in other income net in 2019. I just want to confirm that $60 million decrease is off of other income, net of $250 million for full year '18, not off of the adjusted other income of $283 million? 
Michael Burwell: That's correct. You're correct. 
Operator: Our next question is from Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: So one quick modeling question. With regard to unallocated expenses, should the full year '18 run rate, about $75 million a quarter, is that a good base for next year? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, we're really not giving any further guidance on that number. I mean, really focused on operating income in terms of the target number and really focus on those margin improvements that John mentioned earlier. That is really the way we're thinking about it. 
Meyer Shields: Okay, fair enough. And I was hoping if you could give us just some update on specifically reinsurance demand, whether we're talking about one-one renewals or overall, whether you're seeing a markable -- I'm sorry, a notable change in demand for reinsurance among seasons. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, we have -- we are definitely seeing strong demand for reinsurance, overall, consistent with what we've seen in the marketplace. And so that business has been very strong for us and performed well. 
John Haley: Yes, and I think if you look at it, you'll see as our competitors are reporting too, I think, everybody said reinsurance is stronger than it was last year. There's some growth in that and we participated in that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: I just have some follow-up questions, I guess, mostly related to some of the topics you've addressed on. But is -- are you guys going away from that free cash flow target that was 75% to 80% of adjusted EBITDA? And just looking on an annual growth level now? Or is it still the longer-term target if you continue to grow 15% a year that you will get to that 75% to 80% level? 
John Haley: Yes, I mean, I think -- Elyse, the reason we are focusing on the growth so much is that we think that's probably more helpful to people. The problem with the 75% to 80% is that it depends on what portion, say, things like pension income are of your total income. And so rather than adjust the target each year as the pension income fluctuates up or down, we just thought we'd focus on the growth. We thought that would be more meaningful for market participants also. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of going back, I know we kind of really adjust on the pension income impact. But you guys had pointed to really that 25.5% level. So is the right way to think about it for those of us that were thinking you would get to that EBITDA margin, which -- I know we're not talking about operating margin in '19. Is it all that for -- if not for December and the impact of the markets, that the pension income would have gone the other direction, and then we would still -- we would be talking about 25.5%? I think some folks are just trying to reconcile comments about the margin improvement that you guys gave last quarter on an EBITDA basis with the guidance laid out today. 
John Haley: Yes, I think that's a fair comment. I mean, that's a fair conclusion. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then on the unallocated expense line, that's been pretty variable as well, ticked up in the fourth quarter. If you can just comment on what drove that? And then guidance for 2019, are you assuming unallocated net is kind of flat on a year-over-year basis for every quarter? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, what you see in that unallocated line item is corporate cost and unallocated back to business, such as Brexit, just would be an example that we saw happen and activities happening in the fourth quarter, GPDR kinds of activities that were happening in terms of that improvement. And we're not really giving any guidance, Elyse, as it relates to that line item going forward as we're really focused, as I say, going forward on operating income and operating income improvement. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, and then my last question, on buybacks. So tying together some of the numbers you gave, it seems like there is $800 million in a bucket call for acquisition/repurchases. Can you just talk about with your -- where your stock is trading? I would think that you would still want to put more dollars towards repurchase. And how you kind of counterbalance that against what returns deals might have to hit for you to take that bucket and use it towards M&A as opposed to buybacks? 
John Haley: Sure. I mean, look, every time we look at a deal, one of the things we consider is, this is money that we could be using to buy back our own stock. And we think our stock is attractively priced for those people buying it. And so we think it's a good deal right now. It's something we know more about. So when we consider an acquisition, we probably have to have a somewhat higher expected return there, just given that we could go and purchase our own shares. We take that into account every time we look at it, a potential acquisition. 
Operator: And our next question is from Adam Klauber with William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: On acquisitions, do you expect to be more aggressive that you have more cash? And will they be more bolt-on? Or you would look at actually new areas to go into? 
John Haley: So I think we would be -- so well, let me answer that this way. Historically, both Willis and Towers Watson were active in looking at acquisitions and growing that way. And during the last 3 years, as we've been bringing together 3 companies, Willis and Towers Watson and Gras Savoye, we rightly had to focus our energies on that integration and not much at all on potential acquisitions. We feel that we're in a really good operating place right now, and we can go back to our historical look at acquisitions. So the reason I wanted to put it in a historical thing is I want to be careful when I say we're aggressive. I don't think we're going to be out there and be super-aggressive acquirers necessarily. But we'll certainly be a lot more aggressive than we have been in the last 3 years, and I think it'll look like the pre-2016. So that's how we feel about that. We think that there's a number of -- there are areas where -- there are capabilities that would be hard for us to build on our own, and we should looking for acquisitions there. And so they might be bolt-ons. There's always things like that we're looking at. But we'd be open to lots of different sized deals. 
Adam Klauber: Great. And just one more follow-up. As far as restructuring charges, how much cash went out during 2018? And what's your expectation in 2019? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So that cash that went out of the door in 2018 was roughly $160 million. And 2019, we're expecting 0. 
Adam Klauber: Okay, so that should be a plus for free cash, right? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So I think just coming back though is we kind of touched on free cash flow. You got -- we're going to grow at minimum 15% over the next year. You got -- most likely, the settlement of Stanford will happen next year. You'll have that coming back into it. So -- and we're looking at a baseline off the 605 free cash flow number. So that's in terms of thinking about it going forward. So... 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. And I look forward to seeing all of you in March. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Rich Keefe: Good morning. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson Earnings Call. This is Rich Keefe, Head of Investor Relations at Willis Towers Watson. On the call today with me are John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Burwell, our Chief Financial Officer.
 Please refer to our website for the press release issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone through tomorrow by dialing (404) 537-3406, conference ID 3295569. The replay will also be available for the next 3 months on our website.
 This call may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which may involve risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of forward-looking statements and the risks and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking statements, investors should review the Forward-looking Statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures under the heading of Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements in our most recent Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings.
 Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this earnings call. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 During the call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a discussion of the non-GAAP financial measures as well as reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures under Regulation G to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, investors should review today's press release.
 After our prepared remarks, we'll open the conference call for your questions. Now I'll turn the call over to John Haley. 
John Haley: Thanks, Rich, and good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us on today's call. Today, we'll review our results for the third quarter of 2018 and discuss the outlook for the remainder of 2018. Just as a reminder, as of January 1, 2018, we adopted the new accounting standard, ASC 606. A detailed description of the impact of ASC 606 will be provided in the Form 10-Q filing and detailed explanations of how the new standard impacted our performance and the presentation of our financial statements has been provided in our earnings release this morning. 
 I'll first report the results using the prior accounting standard, excluding the impact of the new accounting standard. So based on the prior accounting standard, that is, without the impact of ASC 606, reported revenue for the third quarter was $1.9 billion, up 3% as compared to the prior year third quarter and up 4% on a constant currency basis and up 5% on an organic basis. 
 Reported revenue included $23 million of negative currency movement. We experienced growth on an organic basis across all of our segments for this quarter. Net income was $85 million or up 257% for the third quarter as compared to the prior year third quarter net loss of $54 million. Adjusted EBITDA was $368 million or 19.4% of revenue as compared to the prior year adjusted EBITDA of $322 million or 17.4% of revenue, representing a 14% increase on an adjusted EBIT dollar basis and 200 basis points of margin improvement. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $0.63 and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.62.
 Overall, it was an excellent quarter. We grew revenue, earnings per share and had enhanced adjusted EBITDA margin performance.
 Now turning to the results based on ASC 606 or the new accounting standard. Reported revenues for the third quarter were $1.9 billion. Net income for the third quarter was $46 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was $313 million or 16.8% of revenue. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $0.33 and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.32. 
 Now let's look at each of the segments in more detail. To provide clear comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be based on the prior accounting standard and reflect revenues on a constant currency basis unless specifically stated otherwise. 
 Segment margins are calculated using segment revenues and they exclude unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles, restructuring costs, certain transaction and integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions, as well as other items which we consider non-core to our operating results. The segment results do include discretionary compensation.
 For the third quarter, total segment revenues grew 4% on a constant currency basis and 5% on an organic basis. Human Capital & Benefits, or HCB, had a solid quarter, with 2% constant currency and organic growth as compared to the prior year third quarter. But the solid performance extended across all our businesses in the segment. We had the strongest growth in our Health and Benefits business, with revenue increasing by 6% as compared to the prior year third quarter. The growth is primarily a result of our continued momentum outside of North America related to global benefit management appointments as well as increases in local and regional market share.
 In addition, we experienced solid growth in North America, driven by increased advisory work and growth in our specialty products. Talent and Rewards third quarter revenue increased by 1% as compared to the prior year third quarter, even as we narrowed the focus of our T&R software portfolio to those products with the greatest growth and profit potential. The net growth was primarily due to strong market demand for project work in Western Europe and International, coupled with growth in our compensation survey business.
 As expected, the retirement business experienced nominal growth compared to the prior year third quarter. A lower level of derisking, like bulk lump sums in North America, was more than offset by growth in Great Britain related to peak volume in the triennial actuarial valuation cycle and growth in Western Europe due to pension brokerage activity. 
 Our Technology and Administrative Solutions, or TAS revenue, was flat compared to the prior year third quarter, with increased revenues in Germany from new client implementations, offset by a decline in the international region. 
 The operating margin for the HCB segment was 21%, an increase of 1% from the prior year third quarter. Revenue growth and disciplined expense management contributed to the margin growth. 
 Now turning to the HCB results including the impact of the new revenue standard. The HCB segment had revenues of $778 million and an operating margin of 25%. Overall, we continue to have a positive outlook for the HCB business for the remainder of 2018.
 Now let's look at Corporate Risk & Broking, or CRB, which had a revenue increase of 4% on both a constant currency and organic basis as compared to the prior year third quarter. 
 North America's revenue grew by 6% in the third quarter, with strong results across all lines of businesses, while International also continued its strong momentum, with 9% constant currency growth and 10% organic growth in the quarter, driven primarily by new business wins in Asia and Latin America. In Western Europe, there was solid growth of 3%, attributable to positive results in Iberia with several new business wins in construction, energy and claims management. And similarly, there was growth in Switzerland and France as well. Great Britain had a revenue decline of 2% and we continue to see some London market challenges.
 CRB revenues were $616 million with an operating margin of 10% as compared to an 8% operating margin in the third quarter last year. The margin expanded due to the top line performance, coupled with continued cost management efforts. 
 Now turning to the CRB results including the impact of the new revenue standard. For the third quarter, CRB had revenues of $622 million and an operating margin of 11%. We continue to be optimistic about the momentum in our CRB business going forward as we close out the year. 
 Turning to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance or IRR. Revenue for the third quarter increased 7% on a constant currency basis and increased 9% on an organic basis as compared to the prior year third quarter. Reinsurance had a very strong quarter, with 10% revenue growth, driven by North America and Specialty as a result of new business generation, strong renewals and higher investment income. 
 Insurance Consulting and Technology grew by 8% as a result of increased consulting projects and software sales. Wholesale increased by 9% with new business growth and increased demand across our programs business. Investment grew 5% as a result of new client implementations and continued growth in the delegated investment services space. Max Matthiessen grew 15% as a result of an increase in assets under management and new business. 
 The IRR segment had revenues of $337 million compared to $321 million for the prior year third quarter and a 15% operating margin, up 547 basis points from the prior year third quarter. The third quarter 2018 margin expanded due to the robust revenue growth for the quarter. 
 Turning now to IRR results including the impact of the new revenue standard. IRR had revenues of $317 million and an operating margin of 9%. We continue to feel very positive about the momentum of the IRR business for the remainder of 2018. 
 Revenues for the BDA segment increased by 10% from the prior year third quarter. Driven by increased enrollments, our Individual Marketplace revenues increased by 9% and the rest of the segment increased by 12%. Increased membership and new clients drove the revenue increase in Benefits Outsourcing while the Group Marketplace business continued to grow, primarily due to new clients and customized active exchange projects.
 So let me turn to the 2019 enrollments. As we mentioned in our previous earnings call, enrollment continued to look strong in both the mid-market and the large market space. We currently have over 30 clients with about 300,000 total lives that have committed for the 2019 enrollment period. The mid-market sales season is winding down and won't be finalized until later this month, so we won't be able to present final enrollment counts until our year-end earnings call. The Individual Marketplace exchange enrollment seasonality has been shifting somewhat over the recent years. We're seeing enrollment spread more evenly throughout the year due to off-cycle enrollments in age-ins and a more modest increase in enrollments during the fall enrollment season.
 The BDA segment had revenues of $200 million with a 21% operating margin, up 59 basis points as compared to the prior year third quarter. The expansion in margin was a result of the strong revenue growth as well as our ability to continue to scale these businesses. The BDA segment reflecting the new revenue standard had revenues of $127 million and an operating margin of negative 26%. The primary driver of this difference is due to the effect of the new revenue accounting standard on the Individual Marketplace. These revenues must now be recognized at the date of placement rather than prorating them starting at their effective date. This means that the revenue typically generated by placements in the 2017 fall enrollment period was recorded as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings as of January 1, 2018. 
 This revenue under the prior standard would have started to be recognized in January 2018 on a pro rata basis throughout the year. In contrast, under the new revenue standard, the revenues generated by annual enrollment activity in the fall are now recognized immediately. So this will change the seasonality of the revenue recognition to be higher in the second half of the calendar year.
 In summary, I'm very pleased with our progress. We produced strong earnings growth in the third quarter and are on track to deliver excellent financial performance in 2018. For the full year, we continue to expect strong revenue growth, meaningful margin expansion and significant EPS growth, all this while continuing to invest in our future and return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. 
 I'd like to thank all of our colleagues for their continued client focus, collaboration and engagement and congratulate everyone on a very good quarter.
 Now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John, and good morning to everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us. My comments will reflect our earnings without the impact of ASC 606, unless otherwise stated, in order to assist with comparability over prior year periods. Now let's turn to the financial overview.
 Let me first discuss income from operations. Income from operations for the third quarter was $66 million or 3.5% of revenue, up 354% from the prior year third quarter loss from operations of $26 million or negative 1.4% of revenue. Adjusted operating income for the third quarter was $243 million or 12.8% of revenue, up 10% from the prior year third quarter adjusted operating income of $220 million or 11.9% of revenue. Income from operations for the 9 months of 2018 was $697 million or 10.8% of revenue, up 60% from the same period in the prior year of $436 million or 7.1% of revenue. Adjusted operating income for the 9 months of 2018 was $1.3 billion or 19.4% of revenue and up 10% as compared to the same period in the prior year in which adjusted operating income was $1.1 billion or 18.6% of revenue.
 Now let me turn to adjusted diluted earnings per share or adjusted EPS. For the third quarter of 2018 and 2017, our diluted EPS was $0.63 and negative $0.40, respectively. For the third quarter of 2018, our adjusted EPS was up 45% to $1.62 per share as compared to $1.12 per share in the prior year third quarter. For the 9 months of 2018 and 2017, diluted EPS was $4.58 and $2.36, respectively. For the 9 months of 2018, adjusted EPS was up 26% to $7.92 per share versus $6.30 per share in the same period in the prior year. Under the new revenue recognition standard, our diluted EPS was $0.33 for the quarter and $2.39 for the 9 months of 2018. And our adjusted EPS was $1.32 per share for the quarter and $5.74 for the 9 months of 2018.
 Let's move to taxes. I'd like to provide you with some additional insight into our U.S. GAAP and adjusted tax rates. Without the impact of ASC 606, the U.S. GAAP tax rate for the third quarter was 0 as compared to negative 53% for the prior year third quarter. Our adjusted tax rate for the third quarter was 17%, a decrease from 32% for the prior year third quarter. Our adjusted tax rate for third quarter is lower than the prior year due to onetime discrete tax benefits. 
 Let's move to the balance sheet. We continue to have a strong financial position. During the quarter, we successfully issued $1 billion in senior notes comprised of $600 million of 10-year notes and $400 million of 30-year notes. We feel that this transaction helps with the efficiency of our capital structure and provides additional financial flexibility. The bond proceeds were used to pay off $128 million term loan balance due in 2019 and to repay approximately $862 million under our revolving credit facility.
 Year-to-date, including the impact of the new revenue standard, our free cash flow was $507 million, an increase of $190 million or 60% compared to the same period in the prior year. Without the impact of the new revenue standard, our year-to-date free cash flow was $544 million, an increase of $227 million or 72% compared to the same period in the prior year. We expect the fourth quarter to be our highest cash-generating quarter. 
 During the third quarter, we repurchased approximately $132 million in shares. We expect buyback to have a total of $600 million to $700 million in shares in 2018, subject to market conditions. Since the merger, we have repurchased or retired approximately 11.1 million shares and paid $706 million in dividends. As we think about our full year guidance, we reported quarterly and year-to-date 2000 -- financial results in this morning's release based on both ASC 606 standard and the old accounting standard, ASC 605. 
 However, we want to ensure that investors have a clear line of sight to our progress as we finish the last year of our 3-year integration period. As such, we're continuing to provide guidance on the 2017 U.S. GAAP standard, or ASC 605, prior to the ASC 606 standard. 
 So now let's review our full year 2018 guidance for Willis Towers Watson. For the company, we continue to expect organic revenue growth to be approximately 4%. For the segments, we expect revenue growth to be in low-single digits for HCB, CRB and IRR and mid-to-high single-digit growth for BDA. We continue to expect adjusted EBITDA to be around 25% for the full year. Transaction integration costs are expected to be in the range of $180 million versus our previous guidance of approximately $140 million to $150 million. The expected increase in integration spend relates primarily to additional cost-saving actions that have been identified in our business segments, which are expected to yield meaningful savings in 2019.
 Taking these additional actions into account, we believe we can improve our adjusted EBITDA margin outlook by at least 50 basis points for the overall company in fiscal year 2019. As a result of discrete tax benefits recognized in Q3 and our current interpretation of U.S. tax reform, we are reducing the adjusted tax rate from a range of 22% to 23% to a range of 20% to 21%. This tax guidance is consistent for both the old and new accounting standards, but may change as we complete our U.S. tax reform analysis and receive additional clarification and implementation guidance from the U.S. Treasury.
 Changes in interpretation assumptions, applicability of retroactive regulations as well as actions we may take as a result of U.S. tax reform, may also impact this guidance. 
 Accordingly, we are raising our adjusted diluted earnings per share guidance to a range of $10.12 to $10.32 from our previous guidance of $9.88 to $10.12. We expect free cash flow of approximately $900 million to $1.1 billion versus our previous guidance of $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion in 2018. There is a small difference in free cash flow between the prior and new accounting standards. The difference is a result of moving a portion of capitalized software related to client system implementations from investing activities to operating activities in the cash flow statement. This accounting change does not impact our overall guidance or our capital allocation strategy. 
 We will continue to use the former ASC 605 accounting standard for the remainder of 2018 to assess bonus calculations, capital for dividends, share buybacks, internal investments and M&A. Annual guidance assumes average currency exchange rates to $1.34 to the pound and $1.19 to the euro.
 So in summary, we have seen good acceleration in revenue growth, greater operating leverage and continued cash flow improvement this quarter. We should continue position -- which should continue to position us well to execute on our plans this year and help us drive significant shareholder value creation on a long-term basis. 
 With that, I'm happy to turn the call back to you, John. 
John Haley: Thanks, Mike. And now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: The first question on the organic growth. You had a nice rebound from the second quarter. If you look at your results across the segments, it's roughly in line with your global peers. I just wonder, could you give probably more detail about what's the improvement from second quarter to the third quarter? Do you see across your line, are you sort of be able to maintain your shares, your competitive position or you'll be able to gain shares going forward? 
John Haley: Yes, so let me say, I think when we had the second quarter call, I think we advised people that it was probably better to look at the first half as a comparison as to how we were doing against our peers versus the second quarter only. If you look at the first half, we were at or above our peers generally. And one of the things -- I think we're delighted with the revenue growth we have here. And we're especially delighted because if you look at it in the third quarter of last year, our revenue growth was generally higher than our peers in the third quarter of last year, so we had tougher comparables. So having tougher comparables and getting the growth we had here, we couldn't be happier with the result and we think that reflects our competitive positioning. If we look at the third quarter -- the whole 3 quarters of this year, we think that's a fair look at our competitive positioning. 
Kai Pan: Okay, that's great. My second question is on the margin, the 200 basis point year-over-year improvement, but you also mentioned in your Q&A session on the press release that there's a large improvement, $32 million in the other income line. So that probably contributed to most of the margin improvement year-over-year. And so I just wonder, what's your view on the underlying, basically revenue versus expense growth? And also want to clarify that you said at least 50 basis point improvement versus in 2019. Was that implied on the old accounting or new accounting? Basically, what I'm trying to get at is your margin next year, will it be like at least 25.5% or 24.5%? 
John Haley: So let me -- I'm going to let Mike talk about the specifics of the $32 million, et cetera, and how that factors in there, but let me just make a couple of quick comments. Now first of all, one of the things we said coming out of the third quarter -- at the second quarter call, was that we -- our expenses were running ahead of where we thought they should be then and we thought that we could control that. And if you look at the margin improvement we have here, what we've done is we got our expense growth down to 2%. So we've had a 4% to 5% growth rate and we've had a 2% expense growth rate. That's exactly what we told folks we felt we could do and that's what's contributing in the margin improvement. We think that's something that we can continue to exercise that kind of discipline going forward. I think the 50 basis points, that should translate to either revenue standard, where as we look at that. That's not impacted as much by the revenues. It's actually an expense control item, again. But Mike, let me add... 
Michael Burwell: Yes, John, I would add on the $32 million, Kai, other income. So just picking it up back up on John's comments. So when we look at across the segments, we had 220 basis points improvement in margins across all 4 segments. And as John said, due to the 2% management of expenses, in addition to that 5% organic revenue growth, the other income was $32 million in terms of the change that was included in there. And so that was -- what we see is pension, what we see in terms of managing our foreign currency impacts overall. So that's how we think about it. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: I just want to piggyback off the last question and just ask you, first, just to break out that $32 million year-over-year increase. How much was pension? How much was FX? And how much was that loss from disposal of business? Because people look at that pension expense -- gain as kind of a onetime-ish thing and we're trying to get kind of year-over-year growth in margin excluding that. 
Rich Keefe: So I can add a little bit here. On -- if you look at the -- so that's on a GAAP basis, that change on the other income line. We did have adjustments for pension settlement items. So there is a variety of things in there, if you look at the press release and what we adjusted out. If you look at it on an adjusted basis, the other income net line, I think it's roughly about $12 million difference year-over-year. It's off the income, and it's mainly less FX hedging losses. That's kind of the composition of that. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: So if we were to take it year-over-year, it's really an increase of $12 million and most of it is FX, is what you're saying? 
Rich Keefe: Correct. Less FX hedge losses. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Got it. And then, Mike, is the entire guidance raise just the difference in tax rate? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, it is, Shlomo. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, great. And then can you also go into what's going on with the free cash flow? It sounded like you're saying there was an account -- it's differences where you put stuff, kind of real estate on the cash flow statement. Is that something that just came to your attention in this quarter or just [indiscernible]? 
Michael Burwell: No, no, I would say, no. I would say timing is always a challenge in terms of when you communicate things. But what we looked at was we are completing some additional CapEx spends, specifically around our facilities consolidations, as we've continued in our merger and consolidating office space that we have, just as an example. Additionally, you're seeing the additional spend that we're going to do on integration and that additional drives that incremental cost. And we see that benefit, obviously, in that 50 basis points improvement and moving, as John referenced, into fiscal year 2019. So those are just a couple of the bigger pieces of that in terms of our adjustment back to it. But we still look at it and say, look, we're 60% up in terms of our free cash flow. We're not going away from our long-term guidance in terms of where we're going to get to from thinking about free cash flow. But we thought it was appropriate to make sure we give you, and ultimately, investors, a view as to what that would be, based on what we know. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: So the $200 million difference is -- how much of it is CapEx and facilities? Is that all of it? 
Michael Burwell: No, no. 
John Haley: No, it's a number of things, Shlomo. We have the additional -- the CapEx was how much, Mike? 
Michael Burwell: CapEx was around $40 million. 
John Haley: CapEx was around $40 million. We had the additional restructuring of, that was like $30 million... 
Michael Burwell: $30 million to $35 million. 
John Haley: $30 million to $35 million. We had -- and this was something we knew earlier, but it wasn't big enough to necessarily adjust, but we had to make an extra $40 million pension contribution to the U.K. And so there's -- it's a number of little things like that, that most of these are items that we expect to be -- I mean, the $40 million is a one-off for this year for the U.K. pension. The $30 million to $35 million is one-off. The CapEx increase is a one-off. So there are things that we don't think will affect it going forward, but they did affect it for this year. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Got it. If I could just sneak in a last one. John, given the decline in the stock price and your confidence in hitting all these margins, how come you are just not getting way more aggressive on the stock repurchases? 
John Haley: Well, I think what we try to do, Shlomo, is we try not -- we actually have some metrics where we use as the stock price is lower, we'll ramp up our purchases a little bit more than we did. But we also are trying to be real careful about not borrowing to buy back the stock. And if you look this year -- this quarter, I mean, given that we had our dividend payments and our stock repurchases, we returned over 80% of our cash flow to shareholders already. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon from R.W. Baird. 
Mark Marcon: It's nice to see the progress over the 3-year period. Just wondering, you gave the guidance for the full year by the -- in terms of the segments. I'm just wondering, how should we think about the growth in the segments next year and the following year? And specifically, IRR was -- seemed to be quite strong. The commentary also sounded strong. Is it possible that we could end up seeing a little bit stronger growth on an out-year basis? Or how should we think about that? 
John Haley: So I think, Mark, we'll be giving our detailed guidance for 2019 at the next call. But just to deal with IRR for the moment. They have had a -- they've had a fantastic year. I think it's been -- it's really all the different parts of it, as I was going through, have contributed. But especially, reinsurance has had a very strong year. As I said in the -- in my prepared remarks, we expect to see this continued growth through the remainder of 2018. The only comment I could give at this time is we've set ourselves up for a tough comparable for 2018 -- for 2019, of course, with the good growth we've had here. But this is also a business that we like the performance and we like the prospects a lot. 
Mark Marcon: Yes, so tough comp, but overall fundamentals continue to be good. And then, they'll potentially... 
John Haley: Exactly. 
Mark Marcon: Yes. And then with regards to the -- on HCB, can you talk a little bit about what you think we might end up seeing with lump sums for next year, given the change in rate environment? How should we think about that? And then you've made some changes there, optimizing things to a greater extent. How should we think about HCB, particularly given the current economic environment with unemployment rates coming down? 
John Haley: Yes, so I think, first of all, the bulk lump sums are down this year, as we had expected they would be. We -- and so I think we have a -- there's a case where we have an easy comparable compared to the bulk lump sums going forward for next year. Again, we haven't gotten to any kind of detailed estimate on that. But I would say, overall, the decision to do bulk lump sums is as much an arbitrage rate between what the rate you can cash them out at and the accounting rate that you're using, as it is at the absolute level of the rates. So there's reason to do bulk lump sums even when the rates are low and there's reasons not to do it sometimes when rates are higher. But overall, we do think the increase in rates will probably pick up bulk lump sum activity. But again, we don't have any real thoughts as to how significant that will be or even if it will be significant. But I think it's certainly not going to be a lower level of activity than we've had this year. So we feel pretty good about that. 
Mark Marcon: And Talent and Rewards? 
John Haley: Was there another part to your question, Mark? I'm sorry. 
Mark Marcon: Yes, just the Talent and Rewards within that, within HCB? 
John Haley: Yes, so I think Talent and Rewards is one of the areas that we saw did not perform very well in the first half of the year, particularly in the second quarter. And we said then that we would be taking some actions to try to, a, control expenses there and to get the growth up. As I mentioned in the prepared remarks, that's an area that grew about 1% or so. We're actually happy with that because one of the things we've done is make sure that we're trying to focus on the areas that have the growth and the profit potential. And I stress actually growth and profit potential. There are areas in Talent and Rewards that we see that seem to be relatively high growth and seem to have very little or negative profit. Those are not particularly attractive to us. We want to be in the high profit and the growth areas. And so doing some of that movement to those areas and getting the 1% growth, we like the margins we had and we think we're placed to grow from there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is just about your longer-term guidance for a low double-digit EPS growth. So when we're thinking about 2019, should we essentially be using the EPS guidance for '18 that you gave us today and then assume double-digit EPS growth from there, since essentially the delta between new and old accounting should come back next year? 
John Haley: Yes, so I think, Elyse, as I've mentioned in response to a couple of the other questions, we're really going to give the detailed 2019 guidance at the next earnings call after we're finished with the first -- after we're finished with the full year. A couple of comments. One, the idea of low double-digit EPS growth is, in fact, an aspiration we have over the next medium-term outlook coming up here. But how that factors into any specific year, I think we'll adjust that as appropriate. That's not to suggest we won't come out with low double-digit growth, just that we haven't come out with the actual 2019 numbers yet. Your point is well taken, though, that some of the 2016 difficulties that we've had with 606 will -- those will disappear when we move into 2019. And so we actually expect the kind of growth we would see should be more robust. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then is it possible -- can we get the tax rate, how that's running year-to-date on adjusted earnings, excluding discrete items? 
Michael Burwell: Well, yes, let me -- we'll pull some data here, Elyse. 
John Haley: We're going to try and do this in real time, Elyse, but we -- so we'll try and mention that in a few more minutes, if we -- we'll work it into another answer. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, yes. Because I was just trying to get a sense of like go-forward tax rate for '19. And then the unallocated net, that was $65 million in the quarter, is that the right level to think about for that line on a go-forward basis? 
John Haley: Mike, do you want to...? 
Michael Burwell: It moves around a little bit, Elyse. I mean, I think your estimate, we kind of said that that's in a range of where it is, but it does move around a little bit. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one more just follow-up on Kai's question, your 50 basis points at least of margin expansion for next year. So there is a margin delta between new and old accounting. So essentially, that means that we'll see 50 basis points plus the margin accretion from getting back the earnings that we lost, meaning, it could be greater under new accounting than the 50 basis points? 
John Haley: That's correct. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Peters from Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: I was -- I wanted to focus in on the integration expense. And you called it out, there's going to be more integration expense in 2018 than originally envisioned. And I'm just curious about how I should be thinking about this line beyond the fourth quarter, because it seems like you're finding additional opportunities for savings. And is it reasonable to assume that there's going to be some ongoing continuing integration or restructuring that's going to sort of part of your longer-term operational improvement concept? 
John Haley: Yes, so Greg, the answer to that is, no, it's going to be 0. Now if there are restructurings that come up in the future, we're going to -- we're actually making a distinct effort. We're going to try not to do that at all. To the extent that we do, do it, we'll just take it as part of the normal earnings. [ And that part, it's less than half. ] 
Charles Peters: Got it. Yes, makes sense. I guess, the second question I would have is perhaps you can spend a minute and talk about some of the moving parts in organic in CRB North America versus Europe, U.K. And I know one of the issues you called out before was the market-derived income. Maybe you can update us on what's going on with that. 
John Haley: Yes, so I think our market-derived income is down year-over-year. We see pressure around premium flow into the London market. That's hampering our performance in this space. And another important thing is in the prior year period, we had several onetime projects that we just don't have this year. And so that's contributing to the overall shortfall. But I would have to say that the London market stands out as a quite a distinction from all the other areas around the globe, where we're seeing strong growth. 
Charles Peters: And just a follow-up on that. Your view on Brexit and how it might affect that business, that's my last question. 
John Haley: Yes, I mean, look, I think Brexit is something that, as with all businesses across all different areas, we need to be worried about making sure that we can provide continuity of service and a seamless transition for our clients and for -- and indeed, for our reinsurance partners post-Brexit. And that's really regardless of how things happen. We have plans that we've been working hard on. We are -- we've been working diligently to make sure that we're prepared for any different outcome in Brexit. We're very close to finalizing our post-Brexit platform, including the necessary regulatory approvals, and that's something that we'll be announcing in the near future. We're not able to say anything today, but we'll come out with something soon on that. But we're confident we have a good plan. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dave Styblo from Jefferies. 
David Styblo: I'm going to maybe try to give you an opportunity to circle back to Elyse's question a little bit as part of this question. But can you help us understand, realizing you don't want to get into specific EPS guidance for next year, what some of the key headwinds and tailwinds would be to that? Obviously, you talked about the increased integration spending yielding another 50 basis points of margin expansion. I think you guys also are not quite realizing the full benefits in this year of the cost synergies that run up to $175 million. I think the exit run rate goal was $175 million. So I think that provides some incremental benefit next year. Could you maybe quantify how much that would be? And then on the flip side, it seems like, again, coming -- going back to Elyse's question, at least the taxes reverting back to perhaps a more normalized level for next year would be a headwind. But anything you'd add on to that, just to help us get a sense of moving parts, considering that The Street's 10.74% for next year seems to imply pretty low growth, especially off the new guidance range now. 
John Haley: Mike, do you want to...? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, when we look at -- we feel good about our businesses in terms of their growth prospects going forward. And as I referenced in terms of what we thought we'd be in terms of the rates of overall revenue growth and those low- to mid-single digits for all business except BDA and really kind of being in that double-digit area. But we feel good about those prospects. And obviously, as we've continued to perform, it gives more difficult comps for us, no different than we had in this quarter. But we feel that that's the kind of right growth. And as John said, we will update that here in the fourth quarter. As it relates to tax, I would just -- and we're continuing to work the real-time numbers here, but we -- as I mentioned in my prepared comments as well, that we had discrete items that drove our tax rate down here in the third quarter. We believe that those discrete items will -- some of those will reverse in the fourth quarter, and again, doing nothing more than the math. And when you look at it at a 20% to 21% effective rate, it gets you to about a 23% to 27% rate in the fourth quarter in terms of looking at it. As you look at and think about that rate going forward, we have no reason to believe it will be different, frankly, at this time, but we'll continue to evaluate all Treasury guidance as it's issued and its applicability to us. We do believe we will see some additional rules come in the fourth quarter. We will evaluate those. And honestly, we will update on our year-end call in terms of what that looks like for us going forward. But at this stage, we don't know anything further and that's kind of our best guess and best view -- not guess, but our best perspective of it going forward. 
John Haley: Yes, and let me just make sure we're clear about this. I think to answer Elyse's question, the discrete item we had in this quarter was about $12 million or something like that. That's going to reverse in the fourth quarter. So when we're giving you the projection of 20% to 21% for the year, that's something that's not affected by this discrete item because we've already assumed that's going to reverse in the fourth quarter. And I guess, that's really what probably, I think, Elyse was asking for, is what's a -- how can I get to a more normal tax rate, and I think what we're telling you is 20% to 21% is what we see as the normal tax rate. 
David Styblo: Okay, that's really helpful on that part. What -- can you come back maybe to the margins a little bit? Because I think that's an area, just specifically the cost synergies, that we still have to generate exit run rate of $175 million. Is there extra that will annualize next year to that -- to the -- to 2019 numbers? 
John Haley: Yes, again, we're not in a position to go into any details, really, on those things. But I would just say, look, we said when we were targeting our margin of around 25% this year, that we thought that we would get increases in the years beyond that. And we expect to see, when we come out to update on our expected 2019 earnings in February, we'll be coming out with some expected increases in our margins. 
David Styblo: Okay. And then on just the exchanges, it sounds like you guys have about 300,000 members that will be rolling on it at some point throughout the year in 2019. Can you help us understand what that base is or what you're expecting the base to be at the end of this year, so we have a sense of growth for that business? And is there any comments -- I don't think I heard any comments about the retiree exchange. How is the -- how do the prospects look for that growth next year? 
John Haley: I mean, so the growth in the BDA segment is largely a function of the growth in the Individual Marketplace. The Group Marketplace is the much smaller portion of that. I don't have the numbers right in front of me in terms of the enrollment. Can I ask you to follow up with Rich on that? But I mean, I think here's what we would say is that, overall, we expect the Group Marketplace to grow up into the double digits. It'll be a good bit above the double digits, probably, and a good way into there anyway. And the Individual Marketplace is probably going to grow in the mid- to high single digits. And so that's how the combination comes out at right around 10%, something like that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tobey Sommer from SunTrust. 
Tobey Sommer: I was wondering if you could discuss the broad drivers of organic growth, not from a market perspective, but internally, of maybe 3 levers: Price; your internal headcount growth, whether it's consultants or brokers; and their productivity. How would you kind of prioritize those in terms of ascending or descending order of drivers of growth in the quarter? And maybe as you look out, which ones do you think will be the biggest contributors? 
John Haley: Yes, so I think -- look, consulting traditionally has been a business that you tend to get -- it's by adding consultants that you tend to increase the revenues there. I think in the last decade or so, we've seen a little bit more of revenues from increased technology, which can give a bit of scale. But I think it's still largely a business which is driven by bodies. And so I think we'll continue to see that as the most important driver, although we will see some tools and software and products that are -- that will help. I think in the brokerage business, it's -- I think it's a similar thing, although I -- and I think what happens, though, is that to the extent technology comes in and we get some efficiencies and make our brokers more productive, then it may be that we can get that without increased headcount. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, maybe, John, I would just add to your comments. Just in terms of the pricing, pricing has really kind of been in that 0% to 1%, depending whether you've had losses or not. And so that's really kind of been the overall numbers from a pricing standpoint. 
Tobey Sommer: And are you going to be able to generate the kind of organic growth that you're targeting in -- add the heads and still kind of maintain that 2% expense growth that you mentioned previously? 
John Haley: Yes, so look, we -- the business, Willis Towers Watson as a whole, we went out after the second quarter results and said we need to be more disciplined about how we're managing it and these are the kinds of things we want it to do. We didn't go out looking to cut out people. We looked to reduce unnecessary meetings, be more efficient the way we held meetings, to focus on a lot of our internal expenses and not on expenses that are related to client work. And by doing that, we pulled it down to the 2%. We recognized that -- and we think that if we continue to do that, we can -- that's something that we should be able to continue to do into the fourth quarter and indeed, beyond. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, and I would add, John, just I mean, just every investment that we continue to make in every one of our service offerings has a technology component to it and it continues to drive some level of productivity overall that we're seeing across the business. But as you commented before, it's not -- that's not changing overnight. It's incremental in terms of what's happening. 
Tobey Sommer: Since the integration period, we're coming to a close, how do we think about your capital deployment as we get into the next few years, assuming that the stock starts to reflect the better organic growth momentum you have there? 
John Haley: Yes, so I think -- look, the -- what we've always said is if we can find acquisitions that make sense and inorganic growth, we -- that's actually what we would prefer to do. We prefer to find things that can grow the organization and grow it profitably. When we're comparing that to a stock that we think is somewhat undervalued at the moment, it's hard to find some acquisitions that actually pass this threshold, particularly acquisitions of any size. And so we're going to continue, though, with that overall priority. Acquisitions that make sense would be #1. And if we can't do that, we're going to return the -- our cash to the shareholders. As I mentioned in response to a previous question, if you look at the last quarter, we returned over 80% of our free cash flow to shareholders. I think that's something that we would be looking to do in the future. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Newsome from Sandler O'Neill. 
Paul Newsome: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about what might be or could be possible levers for margin improvements really beyond '19 and beyond as well. And excluding sort of the obvious of just trying to get revenue faster than expenses, are there other things that you think you can do to improve profitability prospectively? 
John Haley: Well, I mean, the obvious answer, I think, is that technology is making us more efficient -- making all employees more efficient in all businesses. And I think that's especially true in a professional service firm like ours. And so we continue to look at the possibilities of using technology in all of our consulting businesses as well as in our brokerage businesses. I mean, I joined the company over 40 years ago as an actuary. And I look at the kind of projections that used to take me a month to do on these enormous spreadsheets, actual physical paper spreadsheets that I had. And today's actuaries press a button and get 10,000 of them in 3 seconds. So we've seen technology influence everything we do. And I think sometimes, we don't recognize some of the incremental things that occur year-to-year, but that would be the biggest part. 
Paul Newsome: And a separate big picture question would be thinking about organic growth prospectively, are we past the impacts of the integration at this point, even though we're still having, I guess, through the end of the year, integration charges? And if that's the case, then do we have some of that relief or change or differences as we get past 2018? 
John Haley: I'm not sure quite what your question is. I mean, we don't expect to have -- there will be no integration expenses going into next year. But you started out asking about organic growth. I'm not quite sure what your question is. 
Paul Newsome: So I guess, I'm making the assumption that when you're making -- doing integration changes, that, that actually has a negative impact typically on organic growth. Now obviously, this year has been very strong and I'm just curious if there's still -- and in years past, you had lagged in organic growth. It appeared to have to do with putting the 2 big companies together. I'm asking if that's, in your opinion, over this year and that's -- we're seeing that? Or if it's -- there's still some benefits to the release, let's call it, prospectively? 
John Haley: No, I think that's over. In fact, I would say that, that was almost wholly a 2016 phenomenon. We had a little bit of, in some businesses, a little bit creep into 2017. But if you look at 2017, we performed as -- we grew as fast as any of our competitors. And into 2018, we're doing the same. So no, we don't see any impact from that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Yaron Kinar from Goldman Sachs. 
Yaron Kinar: Just wanted to go back to free cash flow for a second. Is the software capitalization, is that part of the CapEx that you had called out, the $40 million of CapEx? Or is that separate? 
Michael Burwell: It's separate. 
Yaron Kinar: Separate, okay. So the $120 million or so of IMs that you called out, FX, CapEx, restructuring, then you also had to have the software capitalization. And if we take that and kind of roll forward, are you still comfortable with 75% to 80% of the adjusted EBITDA as kind of the -- as the free cash flow margin long term? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, as we say, long term, right, I mean, we're looking -- that's where our ultimate goal is into the future, yes. 
John Haley: But I mean, I think the -- yes and so, a, yes, 75% to 80% is the right longer-term thing. We are -- I think our free cash flow is growing 75% -- or 72% so far this year. And we expect to see a significant growth next year, too. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then my second question was just going back to the brokerage space. We've seen a couple of deals in that space. Do you see that impacting your business, whether in a positive or negative way? Have you seen any maybe revenue creepage or talent creepage from some of those deals moving your way? 
John Haley: No, we -- I mean, I think any time there's a big deal, there's always some market repercussions that occur there, both in terms of the way your competitors are reconfigured and how they go to market and in terms of sometimes individuals looking to move from those organizations. And we see a little bit of that, but we haven't seen any big impacts. 
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. John Haley. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks very much, everyone, for joining us on today's call, and I look forward to talking at our fourth quarter earnings and full year call in February. 
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2018 Willis Towers Watson Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Rich Keefe, Director of IR. 
Rich Keefe: Good morning. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson Earnings Call. This is Rich Keefe, Director of Investor Relations at Willis Towers Watson. On the call with me today are John Haley, Willis Towers Watson Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Burwell, our Chief Financial Officer.
 Please refer to our website for the press release issued earlier today as well as our supplemental slides. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone through tomorrow by dialing (404) 537-3406, conference ID 5366408. The replay will also be available for the next 3 months on our website.
 This call may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which may involve risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of forward-looking statements and the risks and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking statements, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning as well as other disclosures under the heading of Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements in our most recent Form 10-K and other Willis Towers Watson SEC filings.
 Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this earnings call. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 During the call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a discussion of the non-GAAP financial measures as well as reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures under Regulation G to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, investors should review today's press release.
 After our prepared remarks, we'll open the conference call for your questions.
 Now I'll turn the call over to John Haley. 
John Haley: Thanks, Rich, and good morning, everybody. Before I begin, I just want to thank Aida Sukys for her years of service as our Investor Relations Director. Aida has recently moved into another finance position as our company's new Head of Global Finance Business Operations. And I want to thank Aida for her many contributions, her counsel and her partnership over the last 6 years and for being a great ambassador for Willis Towers Watson. We wish her continued success in her new role.
 Now we'll review our results for the second quarter of 2018 and the first half of 2018. Just as a reminder, as of January 1, 2018, we adopted the new accounting standard, ASC 606. A detailed description of the impact of ASC 606 will be provided in the Form 10-Q filing, and detailed explanation of how the new standard impacted our performance and the presentation of our financial statements has been provided in our earnings release this morning.
 I'll report the results first using the prior accounting standard, excluding the impact of the new accounting standard.
 So based on the prior accounting standard, without the impact of ASC 606, reported revenue for the second quarter was $2 billion, up 4% as compared to the prior year second quarter and up 2% on a constant currency basis and up 3% on an organic basis. Reported revenue included $38 million of positive currency movement.
 We experienced growth on an organic basis across all of our segments for the quarter. Net income was $89 million or up 117% for the second quarter as compared to the prior year second quarter net income of $41 million. Adjusted EBITDA was $427 million or 21.1% of revenue as compared to the prior year adjusted EBITDA of $387 million or 19.8% of revenue, representing a 10% increase on an adjusted EBITDA basis and 130 basis points in margin improvement.
 For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $0.62, and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.88. Overall, it was a solid quarter. We grew revenue, earnings per share and had enhanced adjusted EBITDA margin performance.
 First half of 2018, we're very pleased with our financial results. Based on the prior accounting standard without the impact of ASC 606, reported revenue growth for the first half of 2018 was up 7% as compared to the same period in the prior year and up 3% on a constant currency basis and up 4% on an organic basis.
 Adjusted EBITDA for the first half of 2018 was $1.3 billion or 27.7% of revenue, an increase from adjusted EBITDA of $1.1 billion or 25.6% of revenue for the same period in the prior year, representing an increase of 210 basis points in adjusted EBITDA margin over the same period in the prior year.
 Now turning to the results on ASC 606 or the new accounting standard. Reported revenues for the second quarter were $2 billion. Net income for the second quarter was $65 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter was $392 million or 19.7% of revenue.
 For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $0.44, and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.70.
 Before moving on to the segment results, I'd like to provide an update on our 3 areas of integration: revenue synergies, cost synergies and tax savings.
 The original merger objectives included decreasing the tax rate from approximately 34% to 25% by the end of 2017 and also realizing $100 million to $125 million in cost savings as we exit 2018. So to start with the tax savings. We surpassed our tax goal in 2016 and 2017, and we continue to be under our goal with an expected 22% to 23% adjusted tax rate for 2018.
 Turning to the cost savings goal. Since the merger, we've saved almost $152 million on a run rate basis and are targeting $175 million of savings on a run rate basis as we exit 2018, which will exceed our original goal of at least $100 million to $125 million run rate savings.
 Finally, on revenue synergies in the areas of global health solutions, U.S. mid-market exchange and large market P&C. We've already achieved more than 105% of our 3-year global health solutions synergy sales goals. Our sales pipeline continues to be strong, and we're glad to say we'll be surpassing our revenue goal.
 Regarding the mid-market health care marketplace, as we previously mentioned, it's been more difficult to sell versus our original plan, we think due to debates around the Affordable Care Act, which may have delayed our clients' overall decision-making in this area.
 It's still a bit early to make any conclusion on the mid-market exchange progress this year as the sales season continues into November. But overall, given our cumulative sales through 2017 and the new business pipeline, we believe that we'll be at the lower end of the $100 million to $250 million goal as we exit 2018.
 Now turning to the P&C synergies. We had merger to date sales of more than $128 million. We anticipate these revenues being recognized over a 3-year period in most cases. We're happy with the overall traction in acquiring new clients in the large market, but our average sale size has been less than our original projections. We continue to build our pipeline and add to our talent base. We anticipate we'll end 2018 with about $150 million of revenue synergy sales rather than the $200 million original merger goal. While this would be short of our original goal, it's clear that the U.S. large market space provides a significant long-term growth opportunity for Willis Towers Watson.
 And finally, we see revenue synergies develop between the reinsurance and insurance consulting and technology, or ICT teams. It wasn't the revenue synergy we discussed publicly at the time of the merger, but we recognize these 2 groups have relationships and solutions that complemented one another. We've sold more than $25 million of joint reinsurance broking and consulting projects as these groups have been teaming up and utilizing one another's tools and analytics.
 Now let's look at each of the segments in more detail. To provide clear comparability with prior periods, all commentary regarding the results of our segments will be based on the prior accounting standard and reflect revenues on a constant currency basis unless specifically stated otherwise. Segment margins are calculated using segment revenues and exclude unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles, restructuring costs and certain transaction and integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions as well as other items which we consider noncore to our operating results. The segment results do include discretionary compensation.
 For the second quarter, revenues grew 2% on a constant currency basis and 3% on an organic basis. We experienced growth in all of our segments this quarter and most of our regions. For the second quarter of 2018, the international region led with 7% organic growth. North America had organic growth of 4%. Western Europe had organic growth of 3%, and Great Britain organic revenues were flat.
 Without the impact of ASC 606, Human Capital & Benefits, or HCB, had a solid quarter with 1% constant currency revenue growth and 3% organic revenue growth as compared to the prior year's second quarter. HCB has now had growth for the last 6 consecutive quarters. For the first half of the year, on an organic basis, HCB revenue growth was 3%. 
 Across our HCB segment, we had continued momentum in our retirement business with 3% organic growth compared to the prior year second quarter and growth across all regions. North America growth was 3% with increased consulting services around mortality funding assumptions, data services projects and stronger bulk lump-sum work. Great Britain had 6% revenue growth as a result of increased consulting demand for actuarial and risk solutions. International was flat for the quarter. Western Europe's revenues improved, primarily due to the positive impact of the timing of revenue in Germany's pension brokerage businesses and a growing client portfolio across Belgium, Denmark and Switzerland.
 Health and Benefits revenue increased by 4% as compared to the prior year's second quarter, primarily as a result of strong momentum in the global benefit solutions business as well as increased project work and product sales within the brokerage and advisory business in North America.
 Our Technology and Administration Solutions, or TAS, revenue increased by 4% as compared to the prior year second quarter due to increased project and call center demand.
 Talent and Rewards second quarter revenue declined by 4% as compared to the prior year second quarter, primarily due to an increase in -- excuse me, to a decrease in advisory services in North America and Great Britain and lower product revenues. The decline in the product revenues in the quarter was primarily due to timing, and we expect to recover that later in the year.
 The HCB second quarter revenue was $750 million with an operating margin of 16%, down 90 basis points from the prior year second quarter. Margin in the second quarter was adversely impacted by softness in the Talent and Rewards business and by client investments. For the first half of 2018, operating margin was 28%, an increase of 50 basis points from the prior year.
 Now turning to the HCB results, including the impact of the new revenue standard. The HCB segment had revenues of $780 million and an operating margin of 19%. Overall, we continue to have a positive outlook for the HCB business in 2018.
 Now let's look at the Corporate Risk & Broking, or CRB, which had a revenue increase of 2% on both the constant currency and organic basis as compared to the prior year second quarter. CRB has now had 6 consecutive quarters of revenue growth. For the first half of the year, CRB grew 4% organically.
 North America's revenue grew by 3% in the second quarter with strong construction M&A and cyber activity. And post the 2016 and 2017 restructuring, we've had 4 strong consecutive quarters of growth in North America. For the first half of the year, North America's revenue has grown by 5%.
 International continued its strong momentum with 6% constant currency growth and 8% organic growth in the quarter, driven primarily by CEEMEA, Asia and Latin America, which had a number of new business wins. Western Europe also had solid growth, primarily led by positive results in France with Affinity program wins and strong new business in risk management and specialties. Likewise, there was growth in Sweden and Iberia.
 Great Britain had a revenue decline of 3%, driven by weakness in transportation due to less aviation and marine contingent revenue. Partially offsetting this decline was an increase in our financial lines business, which had good new business generation.
 CRB revenues were $669 million with an operating margin of 13% as compared to a 16% operating margin in the prior year second quarter. The second quarter was generally a seasonally weaker quarter from a margin standpoint due to the low level of renewals for some lines of business. Revenue pressure from Great Britain adversely impacted the margin as did continued investments in technology, cyber and infrastructure.
 Finally, foreign exchange translation had a 70 basis point unfavorable impact on the segment's margin compared to the prior year second quarter. For the first half of 2018, operating margin was 16%, a decrease of 60 basis points from the prior year.
 Now turning to the CRB results, including the impact of the new revenue standard. For the quarter, CRB had revenues of $674 million and an operating margin of 14%. We continue to be optimistic about the momentum in our CRB business going forward as we expect revenues to continue to build in the second half of the year.
 Turning to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance, or IRR. Revenue for the second quarter decreased 1% on a constant currency basis and increased 1% on an organic basis as compared to the prior year second quarter. For the first half of the year, IRR grew 1% on a constant currency basis and 4% organically. As a reminder, the reinsurance line of business represents treaty-based reinsurance with some facultative business produced in wholesale. Bulk of Facultative Reinsurance results are captured in the CRB segment.
 Reinsurance revenue led the segment with 5% revenue growth, driven by international and specialty as a result of solid renewals and favorable timing. Max Matthiessen grew 3% as a result of an increase in assets under management and new business.
 Insurance Consulting and Technology grew by 3% as a result of increased consulting projects and software sales. Investment grew 4% as a result of new client implementations, alongside higher performance fees. Wholesale declined by 11%, mainly driven by the timing of revenue that was accelerated into the first quarter of 2018 and less demand in the specialty and program businesses.
 Underwriting and Capital Management, or UCM, experienced a decline of 6% in constant currency revenue. That's just a result of the divestiture of the U.S programs business in 2017 and the Loan Protector businesses in the first quarter of 2018. UCM organic growth was 3%.
 The IRR segment had revenues of $379 million compared to $374 million for the prior year second quarter and a 23% operating margin, down 110 basis points from the prior year second quarter.
 The second quarter 2018 margin was impacted by planned investments in new technology and analytics such as our Innovisk investment; as well as by our foreign exchange translation, which had a 50 basis point unfavorable impact on the segment's margin compared to the prior year second quarter. For the first half of 2018, the operating margin was 36%, an increase of 60 basis points from the prior year.
 Now turning to the IRR results, including the impact of the new revenue standard. IRR had revenues of $385 million and an operating margin of 23%. Overall, we continue to feel positive about the momentum of the IRR business for 2018.
 Revenues for the BDA segment increased by 9% from the prior year second quarter. BDA has now had 10 consecutive quarters of revenue growth. For the first half of the year, BDA revenues grew by 9%. Driven by increased enrollments, Individual Marketplace revenue increased by 3%. Group Marketplace and Benefits Outsourcing revenues grew 17% as a result of new client wins and special projects. The BDA segment had revenues of $195 million with a 25% operating margin, up 560 basis points as compared to the prior year second quarter. The expansion in margin was a result of the very strong revenue growth as well as our ability to continue to scale these businesses. For the first half of 2018, operating margin was 23%, an increase of 300 basis points from the prior year.
 The BDA segment, reflecting the new revenue standard, had revenue of $119 million and an operating margin of negative 26%. The primary driver of the difference is due to the effect of the new revenue accounting standard on the Individual Marketplace. These revenues must now be recognized at the date of placement rather than prorating them starting at their effective date. This means that the revenue typically generated by placements in the 2017 fall enrollment period was recorded as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings as of January 1, 2018. This revenue under the prior standard would have started to be recognized in January 2018 on a pro rata basis throughout the year. However, the overall revenue profile should not change materially in 2018 as under the new standard, the revenues generated by the policies placed during the fall of 2018 enrollment season will now be recognized immediately. So this will change the seasonality of the revenue recognition to be higher in the second half of the calendar year.
 Regarding enrollment. The 2019 sales pipeline continues to look strong in both the mid-market and large market space. We currently have over 20 clients with about 270,000 total lives that have committed for the 2019 enrollment period. The mid-market sales season will not be finalized until early November. The Individual Marketplace exchange enrollment process has been changing somewhat over the recent years. We're seeing enrollment spread more evenly throughout the year due to off-cycle enrollments and [ agent ] and a more modest increase in enrollments during the fall enrollment season. We're also currently seeing a number of larger companies that are contemplating off-cycle enrollments in 2019.
 Our Benefits Delivery & Administration offerings remain fundamental to our business and growth engines of our enterprise strategy. We're optimistic about the long-term growth of this business.
 So before concluding my remarks, I'd like to provide you with an update regarding the review conducted by the U.K. Competition and Markets Authorities of the investment consulting market. 2 weeks ago, the CMA published its provisional decision report, which did not recommend any structural changes to businesses. The report describes the market as not highly concentrated and states there is no evidence of conflicts of interest that give rise to a competition problem. The CMA did recommend certain industry-wide remedies involving mandatory tendering, enhanced fee disclosure and common standards for reporting performance. We welcome the recommendations set out in the CMA report.
 We've advocated for stronger regulatory oversight of the investment consulting and fiduciary management market for a number of years, and we look forward to working with the regulatory authorities and the wider industry to ensure that best practice becomes normal practice. We also look forward to continuing to work with the CMA, which will issue its final report by March 2019 at the latest.
 So to wrap up my comments, I'm very pleased with the first half 2018 results and the overall performance of our underlying business. The results for the first half of 2018 were in line with our expectations, and we believe that we remain well positioned to continue our success in the second half of 2018 and beyond. Likewise, I'm excited to see the progress we've made in building Willis Towers Watson. And I'm proud of the more than 43,000 Willis Towers Watson colleagues around the world who are focused on their clients' success. I'd like to thank our colleagues for their hard work and for their enthusiasm in supporting our efforts.
 And now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John, and good morning to everyone. Thanks to all of you for joining us.
 Now let's turn to the financial overview. Let me first discuss income from operations. Without the adoption of ASC 606, income from operations for the second quarter was $93 million or 4.6% of revenue, up 52% from the prior year second quarter of $61 million or 3.1% of revenue. Adjusted operating income for the second quarter was $288 million or 14.2% of revenue, and the prior year quarter adjusted operating income was $300 million or 15.4% of revenue. As we highlighted earlier, investments in certain businesses impacted the second quarter margin, as did foreign exchange translation, which had a 30 basis point unfavorable impact.
 Without the adoption of ASC 606, income from operations for the first half of 2018 was $631 million or 13.8% of revenue, up 37% from the same period in the prior year of $462 million or 10.8% of revenue. Adjusted operating income for the first half of 2018 was $1 billion or 22.1% of revenue compared to the same period in the prior year in which adjusted operating income was $919 million or 21.5% of revenue.
 Now let me turn to adjusted diluted earnings per share or adjusted EPS, excluding the new revenue standard.
 For the second quarter of 2018, our adjusted EPS was up 30% to $1.88 per share versus $1.45 per share in the prior year second quarter. For the first half of 2018, adjusted EPS was up 21% to $6.29 per share versus $5.18 per share in the same period in the prior year. Our adjusted EPS was $1.70 per share under the new revenue recognition standard for the quarter and $4.41 for the first half of 2018.
 Moving to taxes. I'd like to provide you with some additional insight into our U.S. GAAP and adjusted tax rates. Without the impact of ASC 606, the U.S. GAAP tax rate for the second quarter was 14%, a decrease from 17% from the prior year second quarter. Our adjusted tax rate for the second quarter was 20%, a decrease from 29% for the prior year second quarter.
 As we mentioned earlier this year, beginning in 2018, the adjusted and U.S. GAAP tax rates will be more closely aligned due to the U.S. corporate tax rate reduction from 35% to 21%. We're expecting further guidance from the U.S. treasury and others on the interpretation or application of their rules before the end of 2018. This may result in adjustments to our estimates as we move through the year, and we continue to monitor this very closely.
 Moving to the balance sheet. We continue to have a strong financial position. During the quarter, including the impact of the new revenue standard, we generated $301 million of free cash flow, bringing our year-to-date free cash flow to $254 million, increased from free cash flow of $200 million for the first half of the prior year. There's nonmaterial difference in free cash flow between the prior and new accounting standards. Operating income growth was a primary driver of cash flow improvement. We expect to continue to see free cash flow build as we complete 2018.
 During the second quarter, we purchased approximately $269 million in shares. We continue to expect buyback of a total of $600 million to $800 million in shares in 2018, subject to market conditions.
 [indiscernible] we repurchased or retired 10.2 million shares and paid $627 million in dividends.
 We reported quarterly and year-to-date 2018 financial results in this morning's release based on both the ASC 606 standard and the old accounting standard, ASC 605. However, we want to ensure that investors have a clear line of sight to our progress as we move into the second half of last year and of our 3-year integration period. As such, we'll continue to provide guidance based on the 2017 U.S. GAAP standard.
 Now let's review our full year 2018 guidance for Willis Towers Watson.
 For the company, we continue to expect organic revenue growth to be approximately 4%. For the segments, we expect revenue growth to be in the low single digits for HCB, CRB and IRR and are raising our BDA revenue guidance to mid- to high single-digit growth. We continue to expect adjusted EBITDA to be around 25% for the full year. And as a reminder, the first quarter margin was seasonally high, and we expect seasonally lower margins as the year progresses.
 Transaction integration costs are expected to be in the range of $140 million to $150 million versus our previous guidance of approximately $140 million. The expected increase relates primarily to property consolidation costs as we look to streamline our integrated real estate portfolio.
 We are reducing the adjusted tax rate by 1% from the range of 23% to 24% -- or from 23% to 24% to a range of 22% to 23%. This tax guidance is consistent for both the old and new accounting standards.
 We continue to expect free cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion in 2018. There is a nonmaterial difference in free cash flow between their prior and new accounting standards. The difference is a result of moving a portion of capitalized software related to client system implementations from investing activities to operating activities in the cash flow statement. This accounting change does not impact our overall guidance nor our capital allocation strategy.
 We continue to use the former ASC 605 accounting standard for this year to assess bonus calculations, capital for dividends, share buybacks, internal investments and M&A. Annual guidance assumes average currency rates of $1.35 to the pound and $1.19 to the euro.
 I'd like to conclude in saying that I'm pleased where we are at the midyear mark. We've been able to make good progress in our margin expansion efforts with adjusted EBITDA margin improvement year-to-date at 210 basis points.
 Similarly, we've been also -- made great strides in developing our foundation for long-term growth. We continue to make investments in innovation, integrated solutions tailored to our clients' needs and underpinned by cutting-edge data and analytics to unlock potential for our clients. Examples include our cyber risk management solutions, which help clients assess cyber vulnerabilities, protect them through best-in-class solutions and improve their ability to successfully recover from future attacks.
 Our Asset Management Exchange, or AMX, is an innovative institutional asset management marketplace that fundamentally transforms institutional investment for the benefit of the end saver. We recognize that the trend and the power of the global marketplaces, AMX was the first exchange of its kind in bringing the digital revolution to institutional asset management and will be a catalyst for change in the institutional investment.
 And blockchain. We recently announced the first blockchain transaction for marine insurance along with our partners, EY, Mller-Maersk, XL Catlin, MS Amlin, ACORD and Microsoft. This is the first time that blockchain technology is being used in insurance transactions for marine insurance, and this technology is expected to be rolled out in other sectors in due course.
 Finally, our Innovisk investment, which is designed to augment underwriting by developing technology that utilizes data analytics in a more sophisticated manner, should support our underwriting product innovation development and pricing as well as improve distribution efficiencies.
 Investment in these innovations -- innovative solutions for our clients certainly speaks to our continued thought leadership in the market and our focus on growth. Some of these activities and investments may dampen our results from time to time but are necessary to keep our business dynamic. I feel very confident in the soundness of our underlying business, and I'm encouraged with our progress towards our long-term goals.
 I'll turn it back to John. 
John Haley: Thanks, Mike. And now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: My first question will be around organic revenue. And if you look at your result in the second quarter and compare it with some of your other publicly traded peers, it looks to be at the lower end of the range. And I recognize, in the first quarter, it was probably at the higher end of the range. But I just have a question for you around momentum. Do you think momentum on the -- in the sales pipeline may be stalling? Or maybe you can add some perspective around that. 
John Haley: Yes. Thanks, Greg. And I think you're absolutely right the way you've characterized the quarters over time. And one of the reasons that we spent some time talking about the first half today is we don't think the momentum is slowing in the second quarter, but we do think we have to look at the whole first half together. I think, last year, we, I think, did a good job of alerting analysts generally to the fact that we saw the first half as being -- the first quarter as being stronger than the second quarter and maybe absorbing some of the revenue. We didn't necessarily see that this year, but we think that that's certainly what happened. There was a -- there's a component in that. But when we look at it, we think that the first -- the revenue growth for the first half is a better indicator of what the second half will look like rather than the revenue growth for the second quarter. 
Charles Peters: If I recall correctly, you had strong organic in the back half of last year. Is that -- is it just the nature of your business model where organic growth accelerates in the back half of the year versus the first half? 
John Haley: I think that's right. And some of these businesses are a little more subject to just timing differences than others. So retirement doesn't really see much of a timing issue at all, and that sort of marches steadily along. But if I look at Talent and Rewards or if I look at the broking business or the reinsurance business, they're subjected timing changes from income, too. 
Charles Peters: Okay, great. And my second question was around just the segment operating results and guidance. And I guess we're looking at the segment operating income excluding revenue -- the revenue standard for the second quarter '18. And then that corresponds, I suppose, with your full year guidance on an adjusted EPS basis. But for the second quarter, I have to say that the risk -- the results in Corporate Risk & Broking, Investment, Risk & Reinsurance were down year-over-year, excluding the revenue standard. And I suppose -- I don't want to get too hung up on 1 quarter's results, but that was a surprise to some. And then -- but yet you're still holding out the expectation that the overall result is going to get you to your EPS number. So I was hoping maybe you could provide some different -- some additional color behind that to help us understand what's going on. 
John Haley: Sure. I know Mike will want to weigh in with some color commentary on this. But let me just say that I think that those 2 segments are actually different, in our minds. IRR, even though the results may look like they're not as robust as we might like, they're actually right on target for what we had projected. And so we have had -- we disposed of some businesses there. We have bumped up -- our biggest investments that we're making in our business are really 2. One is in the Innovisk and the other is in AMX. And both of those are in IRR. So the margins that we have there are exactly on our forecast that we had here internally. But the CRB is different. That was -- that is truly where we had expected to be. And I think it's largely a revenue thing in the second quarter, but it's partly expenses being a little bit higher. Mike, do you want to give a little more color on that? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, John. I mean, when we look and think about the CRB point [ indiscernible ] that you raised, we look at it and say, we had been making some further investments in resources around cyber, M&A resources that we have deployed into the CRB segment. FX impacted by 70 basis points just in terms of margin for the quarter. And we also -- as we mentioned in the press release, contingent revenue was down a bit for us, specifically in the U.K. that we had seen. So again, we focus on the annual margins overall. As you say, 1 quarter doesn't make a year either 1 way or another, and so we are focused in terms of where they are. But as John said, it's a little bit below where we'd like it to be, but we're optimistic about what the recovery will be over the second half of the year. 
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: A lot of the commentary on the margins, 3 of the 4 segments comes down to investments. And I wanted to ask a couple of things around that. First, are -- what are some of the returns you're expecting? And should we see these enhancing the revenue growth in subsequent years? And also, whether some of these investments were stepped up in the course of. 
 [Audio Gap] 
 or accelerated during the course of the year? 
John Haley: Yes. So thanks, Shlomo. I -- the investments are pretty much tracking the way we thought they would be. So there's no step-up in there. I think the -- we see these adding to our margins, I would say, beginning in 2020. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: So it's going to be a margin improvement or also a revenue growth improvement? 
John Haley: Both. It should be both. I'm sorry, I thought your question was related to margins. But yes, it should be both. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. So that's something that -- it's tracking, but it's something will impact in a couple of years. And then just a little bit of a different question. In terms of the demand for the advisory work in Talent and Rewards, I think you mentioned something about timing over there. That was kind of surprising to me because usually, that's -- when unemployment is doing -- it's really low, that's usually the strongest time for the Talent and Rewards business. Can you comment a little bit about what's going on over there in the context of the strength we should be seeing? 
John Haley: Yes. I think -- so the part that we were talking about with timing was related to some of the products in T&R. And so that revenue gets recognized when we deliver the products. And sometimes, things that we might expect would be -- get delivered in June get delivered in July instead, so they move over. So that's the timing issue. I think, generally, we would expect T&R to be up when unemployment is low and when there's more competition for folks. I think some of the uncertainty in various parts of the world, though, may have limited people's appetite for some of those projects. But T&R is clearly an area where it was lower than we had expected. In fact, we had a revenue decline in Talent and Rewards, and that's something we need to address going forward. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Is there something that you see line of sight to in improvement over there? Or in other words, is it kind of look like a pause? Or is there something that you think you need to be rightsized? Or any other color you might have on that strategically? 
John Haley: Well, I would say that it's not necessarily we see that there needs to be a rightsizing. And I think -- again, we think the better estimate for what the second half will look like is the first half as a whole as opposed to the second quarter results. But I do think in Talent and Rewards, our expenses will probably -- we had a good end to last year and then a good first quarter there. And I think we were building up our expenses on the assumption that, that would continue and we need to be -- we need to do a better job of expense management there. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: You described the bulk lump-sum business as being a little bit stronger. Is there a discernible pipeline there? Can you talk about how you think that will [ kind of ] in the second half? 
John Haley: No, it was -- overall, retirement had about a 3% growth, and bulk lump-sums was one of several contributing factors. But it wasn't an enormous difference. 
Mark Hughes: And then you may have touched on this on an earlier answer, but you talked about the -- in the CRB business, momentum building up in the second half. What gives you visibility for that? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, we obviously look at the pipeline of growth. We look historically in terms of what that growth has been. If you look overall, third quarter generally is lowest and first quarter being the strongest and fourth quarter being the second strongest. When we look at starting the year every year, we have 93% retention rate in our clients. So we have a pretty good visibility in terms of what those clients are doing and what we've seen over the first half of the year and what the expectations are over the second half of the year. So in addition to our pipeline management as well as our historical view, that's what's giving us that perspective. And equally, as we look at the marketplace, continues to be very strong as evidenced by, as you say, our -- looking at our competitors and the strength in the marketplace. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with R.W. Baird. 
Mark Marcon: Appreciate all the color both in the 605 and 606 standards as well as the discussion of the first half relative to just focusing on individual quarters. I'm just wondering, with regards to some of the segments, like for example, in HCB, we talked about Talent and Rewards being the one weak area. On CRB, it sounded like, geographically, Britain was the area where it was weak, particularly in the transportation business. Wondering if you can talk a little bit about the outlook there and what you would anticipate in terms of it potentially improving. And then I've got a follow-up with regards to IRR and BDA. 
Michael Burwell: Sure. As it relates to GB, we did see weakness there, particularly around contingent revenue that we look to have. When you look and think about some of the market assessments and views that were going on, it's created a damp in a bit of the marketplace in terms of that outlook, not only today but looking into the future. So -- and equally, you got Brexit still going on there and it has not been completed. And so that's paused people a bit just in terms of how we're going to operate into the future, though we're very confident in terms of how we're going to operate. Nonetheless, we've seen that dampening overall in terms of GB and, indeed, saw GB down for the second quarter. Although international was very strong for us outside of GB, and we've seen international grow at 8% and North America grown at 3%. And so we feel pretty good when we look at the overall view of it. So as I said before, we have a pretty good sense of renewals and our client base in terms of our 93% retention of our clients. And so we feel -- that's what gives us that optimism in terms of looking out over the rest of the year as well as the strong market conditions. So Mark, I mean, that's -- I guess that's what I would respond to your question, make sure I hit your -- responded appropriately to what you were looking for. 
Mark Marcon: Is there an opportunity to manage expenses to a greater extent in GB as we think about the full year? 
Michael Burwell: Looking at expenses, it's a tale of 2 challenges. One, anytime you're obviously managing people, it's -- when -- you have to go through a process in terms of to the extent you were to rightsize talent. We don't believe that's the great answer for us overall in terms of thinking about that right now, but nonetheless, you need -- there's a bit of a notice period, it just doesn't happen immediately, particularly in GB. But equally, there's a lot of discretionary expenses that we can turn off immediately if, indeed, we need to do that. And our track records, collectively between John and myself as well as our local leadership, has been able to be able to be very agile and be able to make those types of decisions if, indeed, we need to. And -- but nonetheless -- so that's kind of, as we look at the expense situation in terms of managing it and how we think about both of those avenues. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And then just with regards to IRR and BDA. On IRR, can you just remind us of the size of the divested units? And then on BDA, there was improvement. It sounds like things are being targeted for stronger growth. What was the specific area that's growing at a faster rate on the BDA side? 
Michael Burwell: Sure. Why don't I start with the second question first. On BDA, I mean, we continue to see strong demand for individuals. And in particular, when we think about our outsourcing activities that we're doing overall in North America has been very strong demand. So when you think about our overall health and wealth kind of positions have been places that we feel we're doing very well and outperforming the marketplace, and obviously, BDA being one of those. As we reflect on it, I mean, we believe we have a very strong market position. We've got a very strong platform that we continue to invest in, and we've got a very strong management team in terms of leading that business in terms of how it is they're driving it and winning in the marketplace. So we're very optimistic about it. And the other piece is, again, we are one of the only noncustodial banks that are out there that can play in this particular space in BDA. And we continue to make sure we've got the quality right around our Via Benefits solution and what that means for us. And we're dogfooding that on ourselves as it relates to Willis Towers Watson. And we continue to work really hard to make sure that quality is right as we continue to think about how it is that we bring that to the marketplace. So we're very excited about the BDA business, what it's been doing, how it's been performing and all those things lining up. As it relates to the revenue base, I'll give you the exact number, but my recollection is roughly around $15 million to $20 million in terms of divested businesses in the current year, the impact. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: My first question, on the -- so you said there's a timing issue, so it's wholesale. IRR was down 11% for the second quarter. I just wonder if you can provide first half organic growth in wholesale. And also, there are some press release about some of the brokers that are leaving there. I just wonder, would that have an impact going forward in that particular business? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. No, Kai, I mean, I would tell you, I think we're very -- still very bullish and excited about the Miller business. What we had seen was one of timing. I'm not aware of any -- or John are aware of any resources that create us any real concerns. I mean, obviously, in any business, you have people that come in and go out, and obviously, you don't want to lose any key individuals. But we've got a really strong leadership team that's leading our Miller business overall. We're very supportive of them. And the conversations that we've had with them have been about really continue to grow that business and are very excited about the prospects for it. The timing issue, we'll get you the exact number. Rich'll follow back up with you, Kai, just to get you that exact wholesale number overall. 
Kai Pan: Okay. Great. And then my second question, you're stepping back on your full year guidance. Looks like everything else remained... 
John Haley: Hello, Kai? We're not getting anything. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Adam Klauber with William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: The last 2 years, you've spent a lot of time in integration, and we haven't seen a lot of deals, which makes sense. As we look at 2019, '20 -- 2019, 2020, should we expect deals to pick up? 
John Haley: Yes. I think that -- and we said really from the beginning that the first, certainly, 2.5 years or so, we didn't expect we would be doing any sizable deals at all unless they were really quite unusual, just really rare and unique opportunities. But I think we feel pretty good about where we are in integration, and we feel that 2019, we'll certainly be in a position to consider deals. 
Adam Klauber: Okay. Okay, that's helpful. And also, you've restated your free cash outlook, I think 1 point -- or cash flow, $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion. As we think about that next year, should it be more in line with the growth of operating earnings? What other factors should be impacting free cash as we think about 2019? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, directionally, that seems to make sense, Adam, but honestly, I think we'll come back to you and give you more direct guidance as we go through the rest of the year. As we come into the fourth quarter, we'll give you a forecast as it relates to what we believe that will be for next year. So at this stage, I think it'd be -- I think directional guidance what you're saying makes sense to us, but I wouldn't give any more guidance than that. 
Adam Klauber: Okay. Okay. And just one quick other question. CRB in the U.S., if I remember, it seemed like retentions had been improving in the last couple of quarters. Are you still seeing improving retentions this quarter? 
John Haley: We don't actually -- we will get -- we won't have information on that right yet. But I don't think there's anything that would cause us to think it's off, so. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: I just wanted to follow up a little bit on the, I guess, improving capabilities for dealmaking going forward. Are there geographic regions or services that are of particular interest? 
John Haley: I think as we would -- as we look out, there's some of the -- we're in about, what, 120-plus countries around the world. And so we're pretty much in most geographies. Some of them we may like to be a little bit bigger in them, so we might be looking at some particular geographies here or there. But there'd be -- there aren't any that we would be newly entering as to where we go. When we look at the segments that we have, we're in a pretty strong position in most of the businesses we're already in, which makes us think that we're more likely to be looking for some close adjacencies rather than businesses that we're already in. That would be slightly more likely that we'd see acquisitions like that. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. Can I incur for that, that you're not looking for, I don't know, we call it transformational, but it's probably too difficult, but anything major? 
John Haley: Well, I think -- no -- that's fair enough. I think transformational acquisitions come up relatively rarely. So it's not clear you can -- I mean, we're certainly open to those things if they present themselves, but they're not something we would be banking on. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is on your earnings guidance. I'm hoping you could help me tie together a couple of things. So you guys blocked your guidance for EPS unchanged. It sounds like maybe revenue a little bit short in the second quarter, but your full year outlook is unchanged for revenue and for margins, yet your tax rate is going down, so that benefits you better than you thought. And currency was $0.24 positive in the first quarter, and now it seems like it's -- you're not going to see much of an impact on earnings, offset that for the rest of the year. So currency is about $0.20 better than the $0.04 in the initial guidance. So what's the offset, I guess, to the better currency and the lower tax rate that you're leaving your guidance for the year as opposed to raising the guidance? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. No, it's a good question, Elyse. I mean, ultimately, what we're looking at is a range, right? And so we think about that as we give it at $9.88 to $10.12 as a range. Obviously, based on that, we think we'll still be in that range. You could think about us in the middle or the higher or the lower end, between it, but we feel comfortable we're in that range. And I think you summarized it appropriately. And we think we're still within that range in terms of how we add everything that's included in there. 
Elyse Greenspan: Where do you think the tax rate -- I know you guys lowered the guidance for this year. Where do you think the tax rate ends up in 2019? Does it go up? Like are you sticking with your original kind of higher end of 20s range? Or would it kind of be in line with where you see 2018 coming in? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So we'll look to give you guidance on that in the end of the year. Directionally, I mean, just -- there are certain things that we continue to work through that we need interpretations from treasury to help us understand certain implications in terms of our planning. Clearly, we continue to get more and more information. We continue to do more analysis every quarter. And obviously, that's what's reflected in our ranging it at 22% to 23% and bringing that down from 1%. When we look at potential implications, we could see it potentially going higher, but I wouldn't -- I'm not giving you that guidance at this stage. I will do that as we comment in the end of the year. So it's something that -- honestly, I wish I could just give you more view that these are the rules. The rules continue to get interpreted. We continue to use our folks as well as advisers in working through that. And at this stage, I think there's pressure on it, but I wouldn't get you specific guidance to, Elyse. And I'm trying to give you as much as I can based on what we know right now. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then the pension charge, if you guys backed out of adjusted earnings, where did that run through the P&L on a reported basis? Did that go through the segments? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, it's in other income net and is adjusted out. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. So it's in other income net. And then one last question. New business, how did that trend in the quarter? I guess, within CRB, was that maybe part of what led to the slowdown in organic growth? Did you see anything in the new business front? Or would you attribute more of the slowdown kind of a way for some of the timing that you pointed out to a drop in retention? Or was it new business? Or was it maybe a combination of both? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, Elyse, I mean, I guess I would view it -- again, as John said, I think a little bit more timing than we originally had thought. I mean, that actually happened in the first quarter versus the second quarter. I think retention rates, we don't see a real decline in retention rates overall. New business, yes, to your point, we had seen a little bit less new business that actually came our way in terms of those amounts because, obviously, that's what resulted in those lower revenue numbers versus the marketplace. So yes, I think it's all 3 of those. 
Operator: You next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Autonomous Research. 
Ryan Tunis: So I guess my question is really just around visibility in the margin expansion and I guess where your confidence comes from into the back half of the year. Because I guess, looking at this quarter, ignoring, I guess, the lower hedge expense, there wasn't really a lot of margin expansion on 3% organic growth. So kind of thinking into the back half of the year, why should we expect there would be any? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So thank you for the question, Ryan. I think as John mentioned, our T&R business was a contributor to it. We are working very directly in terms of driving revenue growth as well as expense management in terms of thinking about that business and the impacts that, that would have directly on margin. [ We are -- ] as we mentioned in terms of investments, are consistent with what our plans are. But I think we know where the levers are in terms of being able to manage our expenses appropriately, and we will look to do that. And we kept line of sight as to what that will mean in terms of the second half of the year. So that's what's giving us and me the confidence about us and our operating committee and the way that we can deliver those results. 
John Haley: Yes. And I guess, Mike, I would just also add like, we did have 130 basis points improvement. I don't consider that nothing. 
Ryan Tunis: Okay. And obviously, not a lot of discussion around 2019. I get that, but just -- I guess, John, are you more of the view coming out of this integration, does earnings growth come more, you think, as a function of organic revenue on the top line side? Or do you think it's kind of more of an efficiency story when we're thinking about margin expansion going forward longer term? 
John Haley: Yes. I actually think it's a combination, Ryan. I think -- we expect, as I said earlier, to be growing as fast as the market or faster. That's our expectation of what we'll do. And although we didn't do that in the second quarter, we did it for the whole first half of the year. And so when I look to 2019 and beyond, we still expect to be doing that. And so we expect to be seeing that hope on margins. But at the same time, we think that -- we think that there's a lot of things we can do to improve the overall efficiency. And so we expect to see some margin improvement from that, too. 
Ryan Tunis: And then just quickly on housekeeping. The pension item stripped out, it was unclear to me. Is that expected to recur in the coming quarters or annually? 
Michael Burwell: It's a good question. We're hopeful that it doesn't recur in terms of thinking about it. Obviously, depending on the marketplace, where interest rates are has an impact on it in terms of people leaving the plan and being encouraged to do that and their financial advisers advising them to do it. So we saw -- last year, we've seen it through the first half of this year, but we continue to watch it and monitor very, very closely. And we're hopeful that it's not a recurring event. But I -- right now, I can't tell you that it's not going to continue to be the case based on what we continue to see happen overall. 
Operator: This concludes the Q&A portion. I would now like to turn the conference back to John Haley. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks very much for joining us this morning, and I look forward to talking with you at our third quarter earnings call in November. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-07 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2018 Willis Towers Watson Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call will be recorded.
 I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Aida Sukys, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin. 
Aida Sukys: Thanks, Catherine. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson earnings call. On the call with me today are John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Burwell, our Chief Financial Officer.
 Please refer to our website for the press release issued earlier today as well as our supplemental slides. The supplemental slides provide additional information on the impact of the new accounting standard ASC 606 on our first quarter 2018 financial statements. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone for tomorrow by dialing (404) 537-3406, conference ID 6847517. The replay will also be available for the next 3 months on our website.
 This call may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which may involve risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of forward-looking statements and the risks and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contemplated by  forward-looking statements, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning, a copy of which is available on our website at willistowerswatson.com, as well as other disclosures under the header of Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements in our most annual -- annual report on Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson filings with the SEC.
 Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this earnings call. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 During the call, we may discuss non-GAAP financial measures. For a discussion of the non-GAAP financial measures as well as reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures under Regulation G to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, investors should review the press release we posted on our website. After our prepared remarks, we'll open the conference call for your questions.
 Now I'll turn the call over to John Haley. 
John Haley: Thanks, Aida. Good morning, everyone. Today, we'll review the first quarter 2018 results and the 2018 outlook.
 Before getting to the results, I'd like to discuss Brexit and the new accounting standards. Now that Brexit is less than a year away, many of our clients as well as Willis Towers Watson itself are working hard to put in place the appropriate models and structures to ensure our business continuity. Most important, we're committed to do what it takes to continue providing our clients with seamless service to the extent possible regardless of what -- Brexit regulations.
 We have a large footprint across Europe and, in the case of our broking business, we're leveraging this existing footprint and capability by engaging with regulators as we seek to establish the appropriate model for our clients and business.
 We're adopting similar approaches in our investment business and our other segments. We serve many multinational companies, and we've always assembled the best global resources to service our clients. We aim to continue this as we move through the Brexit process.
 As of January 1, 2018, we adopted the new accounting standard, ASC 606. A detailed description of the impact of ASC 606 will be provided in the Form 10-Q filing. We also provided the detailed explanations of how the new standard impacted the presentation of our financial statements in our earnings release this morning. The impact of the new standard is a one-time adoption year issue for 2018. We anticipate that approximately $45 million of revenues, which would have been fully recognized in 2018 using the prior accounting standard, will now be recognized in 2019. Once we get past this calendar year, the full year 2019 results should look more comparable to the 2017 results.
 More important, the accounting change doesn't impact the underlying business momentum and, hence, should have no material impact on free cash flow. Mike will discuss this in more detail later in the call.
 2018 is a critical year as our merger initiatives wind down. We understand the importance of reporting our merger objectives and results in a clear, consistent manner. To that end, we'll continue to provide our 2018 guidance and merger objectives based on the prior accounting standards, as you saw in this morning's earnings release. We'll also discuss our results on today's call in terms of both the old and the new accounting standards.
 Now I'm pleased to turn to our results. I will report -- first, report the results using the prior accounting standard. Based on the prior accounting standard, without the impact of ASC 606, reported revenues for the first quarter were $2.6 billion, up 10% as compared to the first year -- prior year first quarter and up 4% on a constant-currency basis and up 6% on an organic basis. Reported revenues included $123 million of positive currency movement. We observed growth in all of our segments and regions for the quarter. Net income was $447 million or up 27% for the first quarter as compared to the prior year first quarter net income of $352 million.
 Adjusted EBITDA was $841 million or 33% of total revenues. This is an increase of 19% as compared to the prior year of $708 million or 30.5% of total revenues. This was an increase of 250 basis points in the adjusted EBITDA margin.
 For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $3.31, and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $4.41. Currency fluctuations for 605 revenues had a positive -- a $0.24 positive impact on our first quarter adjusted diluted EPS. The majority of this currency impact related to our French operations, as most of their annual renewals are booked in the first quarter of the calendar year. This currency impact was already incorporated into our original 2018 guidance of $9.88 to $10.12.
 Now turning the results based on ASC 606 of the new accounting standard. Reported revenues for the first quarter were $2.3 billion. Net income for the first quarter was $221 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the first quarter was $557 million or 24.3% of total revenues. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $1.61, and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.71.
 Now let's look at each of the segments in more detail. As part of our portfolio review and integration process, we realigned teams, which resulted in some movement of revenues and costs between segments. We also implemented a refined segment allocation process. The restructuring and allocation charges were applied to our 2017 results. All of the revenue results discussed in the segment detail and guidance reflect revenues on a constant-currency basis, unless specifically stated otherwise.
 Please note, in previous years, we reported on commissions and fees. We feel revenues are more reflective of overall company performance as revenue is a more comprehensive measure. Segment margins are calculated using segment revenues and exclude unallocated corporate costs, such as amortization of intangibles, restructuring costs and certain transaction and integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions as well as other items which we consider noncore to our operating results. The segment results include discretionary compensation. All commentary regarding the segments will be based on the prior accounting standard, unless stated otherwise.
 So for the first quarter, total revenue grew 4% on a constant-currency basis and 5% on an organic basis. And this is against a very strong first quarter in the prior year. We experienced growth in all regions and segments this quarter. Most of our regions have experienced revenue growth for 5 consecutive quarters. For the first quarter of 2018, the International region led growth with 6% growth. North America and Great Britain both had growth of 4%, and Western Europe has growth of 3%.
 Without the impact of ASC 606, Human Capital & Benefits, or HCB, had a strong quarter with revenue growth of 3% and organic growth of 4% as compared to the prior year first quarter. As a reminder, in the prior year first quarter, HCB had 5% constant currency in organic growth. HCB has now had growth for the last 5 consecutive quarters.
 Talent and Rewards first quarter revenues grew 5% as compared to the prior year first quarter, primarily due to an increase in advisory software sales and product revenue, with very strong growth in Western Europe and International. This growth was slightly offset by lower demand in the advisory businesses in North America.
 Our Technology and Administration Solutions, or TAS, revenue increased by 5% as compared to the prior year first quarter. Growth was a result of new clients and project work related to change orders. Health and Benefits revenues increased by 5% as compared to the prior year first quarter, primarily as a result of strong sales of our global benefit offering in Great Britain, International and Western Europe. North America's revenue growth was muted due to the timing of sales and contracting as well as an internal reorganization.
 Retirement revenue growth was 2% as compared to the prior year first quarter. North America's growth was as a result of increased pension administration support, partially offset by reduced actuarial work in Canada due to their triennial valuation cycle.
 Great Britain led the revenue growth for the segment as a result of consulting them in for actuarial and risk solutions. International also had strong growth, notably in Asia, driven by strong results in China and Hong Kong. Western Europe's revenues declined in large part due to timing issues in Germany related to our pension brokerage business and the expected contraction in the Netherlands.
 The HCB first quarter revenue was $1.02 billion with an operating margin of 38%, up 120 basis points from the prior year first quarter.
 Now turning to the HCB results. Including the impact of the revenue standard, the HCB segment had revenues of $832 million and an operating margin of 23%. The primary difference between the accounting standards is that the new standard prorates health care policies over a 12-month period rather than recognizing the revenue at the time of the sale. Approximately 40% of our health care policies in the middle market are sold with effective dates other than January 1. Overall, we continue to have a positive outlook for the HCB business in 2018.
 Now turning to Corporate Risk & Broking, or CRB, which also had a strong quarter. Revenues increased 5.5% on a constant-currency basis and 6% on an organic basis as compared to the prior year first quarter. As a reminder, in the prior year first quarter, CRB had constant currency and organic growth of 3%. CRB has now had 5 consecutive quarters of revenue growth. And post the 2016 and 2017 restructuring, we have had 3 strong consecutive quarters of growth in North America. Revenue growth was experienced in every region. International led revenue growth with 9%, primarily due to growth in CEEMEA and Asia, with a slight offset due to softness in Latin America and Australia.
 Central and Eastern Europe and Middle East, Asia's overall revenue growth included positive timing of a renewal and securing a large construction project. Great Britain and North America both had strong growth at 7%. Great Britain's revenue was impacted by the growth noted in CEEMEA and strong new business in facultative and financial lines. North America's revenue growth was a result of better-than-expected new business and a retention rate of 95%, up 3 percentage points as compared to last year, and an increase in fees related to the forensic accounting team. Western Europe's growth was led by France's strong renewal season and strengthened specialty, offset by slight declines in Germany. The CRB revenues were $758 million, with an operating margin of 19%, up 180 basis points to the prior year first quarter. This margin improvement transpired despite a higher corporate allocation for Gras Savoye.
 Now turning to the CRB. Including the impact of the new revenue standard for the quarter, CRB had revenues of $740 million and an operating margin of 17%.
 The primary difference between the accounting standards is that Affinity products are prorated under the new standard. This will have no impact on the total 2018 annual revenues, as all policies were effective as of January 1. The primary difference in expense is that, under the new standard, expenses are recognized when the sale becomes effective. Under the prior standard, they were recognized as incurred. We're pleased with the momentum in our CRB business globally.
 Now on to the strong performance by Investment, Risk & Reinsurance, or IRR. Revenue for the first quarter increased 3% on a constant-currency basis and 5% on an organic basis as compared to the prior year first quarter. Both constant currency and organic revenue growth was 5% in the first quarter of 2017. As a reminder, the reinsurance line of business represents treaty-based reinsurance with some facultative business produced in wholesale. The bulk of Facultative Reinsurance results are captured in the CRB segment. Max Matthiessen led the segment with 9% revenue growth as a result of an increase of assets under management and new business. Reinsurance revenue grew by 6% as a result of solid renewals and strong new business, especially in North America. While there were pockets of rate increases on catastrophe-impacted business, pricing was essentially flat across our multiline global portfolio. Wholesale grew by 5% as a result of new business momentum and some pull forward of business booked in the second quarter last year. Insurance Consulting and Technology grew by 2% on a constant-currency basis and 3% on an organic basis. ICT revenue growth was a result of increased consulting project and software sales. As a reminder, we sold the UBI business in 2017. Investment grew 2% as a result of new client implementations, slightly offset as a result of market factors impacting performance fees. Underwriting and Capital Management, or UCM, experienced a decline of 10% in constant-currency revenue as a result of the divestiture of the U.S. programs business in 2017 and the Loan Protector businesses in the first quarter of 2018. UCM organic growth was 5%. The IRR segment had revenues of $539 million compared to $491 million for the prior year first quarter and a 45% operating margin, up 110 basis points from the prior year first quarter. IRR experienced a seasonally high operating margin in the first quarter, primarily driven by the timing of revenues in reinsurance.
 Now turning to the IRR results. Including the impact of the new revenue standard, IRR had revenues of $574 million, operating margin of 45%. The primary difference in the accounting standards is related to the revenue recognition for the proportional Treaty Reinsurance broking arrangements. Under the prior accounting standard, the revenue was pro rata. Under the new standard, the revenue is recognized upon the effective date of the policy.
 We recently announced the integration of our Insurance-Linked Securities, or ILS, portfolio and team, and have moved from our securities line of business to Willis Reinsurance. This move reflects our ongoing efforts to evolve our IRR segment and better align our portfolio of businesses to position us for long-term sustainable growth. ILS is an important part of the capital advice and solutions that we provide to clients, and we're excited to integrate that ILS business within Willis Re. Overall, we continue to feel positive about the momentum of the IRR business for 2018.
 Now revenues for the BDA segment increased by 8% from the prior year first quarter. BDA has now had 9 consecutive quarters of revenue growth. Individual Marketplace revenues increased by 14% as a result of increased membership from the 2017 fall enrollment season. Group Marketplace and Benefits Outsourcing revenues grew 2% as a result of new client wins and special projects. The BDA segment had revenues of $195 million with a 22% operating margin, up 50 basis points as compared to the prior year first quarter. The BDA segment reflecting the new revenue standard had revenues of $122 million and an operating margin of negative 26%. The primary driver of the difference due to the accounting standards is related to the Individual Marketplace. These revenues must now be recognized at the date of placement rather than prorating the revenues starting at their effective date. This means that the revenue typically generated by placements in the 2017 fall enrollment period was recorded as an adjustment to the opening balance of Retained Earnings as of January 1, 2018. This revenue under the prior standard would have started to be recognized in January 2018 on a pro rata basis throughout the year. However, the overall revenue profile should not change in 2018, as under the new standard, the revenues generated by the policies placed in the fall of 2018 enrollment season will be recognized immediately. So this will change the seasonality of the revenue recognition to be higher in the second half of the calendar year. We continue to like this business, and we're optimistic about the long-term growth in this business.
 So before concluding my remarks, I'd like to provide you with an update regarding the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority, or FCA, investigation. During this last quarter, we received an update from the FCA regarding the previously disclosed investigation of the aviation insurance brokerage sector. We had previously disclosed that the European Commission had taken over the competition law aspects of the investigation, but the FCA retained jurisdiction over the brokerage regulatory matters that do not relate to competition law. The FCA has now informed us that they will not be taking enforcement action against us for the brokerage regulatory matters. The European Commission civil competition investigation is ongoing, and we have no further update to provide at this point. For additional detail, please refer to our SEC filings on this matter.
 Again, I'm very pleased with the first quarter results. I certainly hope that despite the confusion of adding the additional element of the new accounting standards, we've been able to communicate the strength of our underlying business. I feel very good about the momentum in the overall business, the general state of the global economy and our integrated market approach. Of course, I'd like to thank our colleagues, who continue to service our clients without fail.
 Now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John. And I would like to add my congratulations to our colleagues for another great quarter, but I'd also like to thank our clients for their continued support and trust in us.
 Now let me turn to our overall financial results. Let me first discuss income from operations. Without the adoption of ASC 606, income from operations for the first quarter was $538 million or up 34% from $401 million in the prior year. This was 21.1% of total revenues. Adjusted operating income for the first quarter was $722 million or up 17% from $619 million in the prior year. This was 28.3% of total revenues. The key drivers of this increase were strong revenue growth and prudent expense management.
 Now let me turn to adjusted diluted earnings per share, or adjusted EPS, excluding the new revenue standard. For the first quarter of 2018, our adjusted EPS was up 19% to $4.41 per share versus $3.71 per share in the prior year. And as a reminder, we had a strong revenue growth in the prior year first quarter in terms of a comparable. Our adjusted EPS was $2.71 per share under the new revenue recognition standard for the quarter.
 We adopted the new revenue standard using the modified retrospective approach. This approach was noted in our earnings release this morning, and it will be in our footnote disclosures to the financial statements in our 10-Q, as required by the new standard. As John mentioned previously, we believe this is the best way to assess our performance for 2018. As a reminder, we anticipate that approximately $45 million of our revenues, which would have been fully recognized in 2018 using the prior accounting standard, will now be recognized in 2019. We reflected the required change and presentation of the pension expense on our income statement and have restated 2017 to be consistent with the new presentation. This change involved moving nonservice cost component from salaries and benefits to Other income net.
 The year-on-year increase and other income net is primarily due to increased pension income. The increase on unallocated net on a restated basis is primarily due to higher Brexit costs and payroll taxes' unvested options. Lastly, we've also started reporting revenues this quarter versus commission and fees, given the immaterial difference between the 2 amounts.
 Now moving to taxes. I'd like to provide you with some additional insight into our U.S. GAAP and adjusted tax rates. Our adjusted tax rate was 19.6%, an increase of 4% over last year's first quarter. The U.S. GAAP tax rate for the first quarter was 19.7%. Beginning in 2018, the adjusted and U.S. GAAP tax rate will be more closely aligned to the U.S. corporate rate deduction from 35% to 21%. Deferred tax benefits in the U.S. related to the merger, that previously had significant impact on our U.S. GAAP tax rate, have now been reduced. There's a possibility there will be further guidance from the U.S. Treasury and others on interpretation or application of new rules. This may result in adjustment to our estimates as we move through the year, and we will continue to monitor this and communicate appropriately.
 Let's move on to the balance sheet. We continue to have a strong financial position. As expected, free cash outflow for the first quarter was $47 million, a decrease from free cash flow of $33 million for the prior year first quarter. The year-over-year variance was related to an increase in payments for discretionary compensation, as our 2017 company performance was significantly improved from 2016. We did not repurchase shares in the first quarter as a result of the 2017 annual bonus payouts. We have already reinstituted our share buyback program and expect to buy back $600 million to $800 million of shares in 2019. As a reminder, we have repurchased or retired approximately 8.4 million shares since the merger and paid $546 million in dividends. The dividend was increased by 13% effective as of April 2018.
 Thinking about our full year guidance for 2018. We reported 2018 financial results in this morning's release based on both the ASC 606 standard and the old accounting standard, ASC 605. But we want to ensure that investors have a clear line of sight to our progress as we move into the last year of our 3-year integration period. As such, we will continue to provide guidance based on the 2017 U.S. GAAP standard.
 So now let's review our full year 2018 guidance for Willis Towers Watson. For the company, we continue to expect organic revenue growth to be approximately 4%. For the segments, we expect revenues to be in the low single digits for HCB, CRB and IRR, and to be in the mid-single-digits for BDA. We continue to expect adjusted EBITDA to be around 25% for the full year. We are moving the adjusted effective tax rate from 24% to a range of 23% to 24%. This tax guidance is consistent for both the old and new accounting standards. We expect free cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion in 2018. There's a nonmaterial difference in free cash flow between the prior and new accounting standards. The difference was a result of moving a portion of capitalized software related to client system implementations from investing activities to operating activities in the cash flow statement. This accounting change does not impact our overall guidance, nor our capital allocation strategy. We will continue to use the former ASC 605 accounting standard for this year to assess bonus calculations, capital for dividends, share buybacks, internal investments and M&A. Our annual guidance assumes an average currency exchange rate of $1.40 to the pound and $1.23 to the euro.
 I'd like to say again how pleased I am with the results and the continued momentum of our business. And now I'll turn the call back to John. 
John Haley: Thanks, Mike. And now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Dave Styblo with Jefferies. 
David Styblo: So you've obviously put up some solid organic growth again this quarter despite some really tough comps a year ago. And I think, back then, you had called out that the first quarter of '17 benefited from 1 to 2 points of growth. I guess, I was just wondering, was there anything in terms of timing or change orders that you'd spike out for this quarter that helped the first quarter of '18's results? And if not, then the 4% to 6% organic growth that you've had in the last few quarters, last 3 quarters, I guess, specifically, it's obviously a nice uptick, how much of that, you think, is your company-specific initiatives that you've been pushing through with management structures and implementations versus perhaps an uptick in end market demand? 
John Haley: Yes. So first of all, look, we've had -- there's always little movements between quarters that occur. And we've had our usual share of those. I mean, there's the HCB. There's the carry forward for 2017, et cetera. But I would say that in general, this first quarter is a -- the first quarter of 2018 is sort of a normal first quarter, and it's 2017 that was the one that was exceptional. And so just -- I mean, just to state the obvious, we are delighted we -- that was such a tough comparable and great revenue growth that we've had. And I think it's -- Mike and I both referred to our colleagues throughout our company working very hard and satisfying client needs. And that seems to be paying off. 
David Styblo: And then, I guess, the follow-up would be, with the strong growth in the quarter and the lower taxes, at least relative to what The Street was expecting, the beat was more narrow, and that seems to be because margins weren't as strong as expected. I'm curious, did you guys accelerate any sort of spending? How did the margin side compare to what you were thinking? I'd just step back and look at the results. You would think you would have had a little bit better earnings upside and margin upside from having such a strong organic growth quarter. So I'm just trying to reconcile why we didn't see that benefit flow all the way through the bottom line for this quarter. 
John Haley: So maybe I'll let Mike talk a little bit about that. But I mean, just a quick comment from me. I think we had a 250 basis point improvement in our adjusted EBITDA margin. I've got to tell you, that is not something that is below our expectation. So we'd be delighted with a 250 basis point increase for the year. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, John, and I'd just add to your comments. I mean, at the end of last year, we ended at 23.2% on an adjusted EBITDA margin basis. Obviously, the first quarter is a strong quarter for us overall, and is one of our larger quarters. But we look at that, as to John's point, we're 250 basis points up as it relates to our margin on a 605 basis. And we feel very good about that, which is all what we had focused on in terms of cost reduction. And you see it across all 4 of our segments in terms of margin improvement 
Operator: And our next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is on currency. I just want to tie together a couple of comments. You guys left your guided -- even though your $0.24 of currency in the quarter, you told us last quarter there would be a $0.04 benefit on the year. If I heard you correctly, John, you said the $0.24 was in line with your outlook. So 2 questions. Do you expect $0.20 of that to come back in [ our ] 3 quarters? Or is something offsetting this favorable currency when compared to your initial guidance a few months ago? 
John Haley: No, it's the former. We expect the $0.20 to come back. The currency impact of $0.04 for the year is still what we think is the right outlook for the year. And we always had recognized that there was a seasonality to it. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And currency didn't have an impact on margin in the quarter, correct? 
John Haley: No. 
Michael Burwell: No. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then I just want to go back to the larger margin conversation. So you posted a pretty strong 6% organic for the second quarter in a row, but it doesn't seem like there was a lot of operating leverage here. If your margins coming in a bit short, I think, was expected, obviously, under old and new standards, can you talk through maybe some of the saves that -- cost saves that fell to the bottom line in the quarter? Or how did the overall margin jive with what you would expect you would have hit this quarter to hit the full year 25%? Is there anything one-off that maybe negatively impacted margins in the quarter? 
John Haley: Yes. So maybe, again, I'll let Mike go into some of the details of this, but let me just give you a couple of thoughts overall on that, Elyse. I guess, I'm -- I was actually surprised with the prior question and this one on the margins because, again, I thought a 250 basis point was an incredible improvement. And now, I guess, some -- maybe what's happening is you're looking at some of the 606 numbers. I've got to tell you, from the viewpoint of somebody trying to run a business, the 606 numbers are worse than useless, as far as I'm concerned. I mean, it's a standard that recognizes some revenue not at all and some expenses twice. So this first year of transition, I don't find that to provide any useful thing. And when I'm focusing on the margin improvement, I'm trying to look at it on a 605 basis, and I thought those results were spectacular. So Mike, I don't know... 
Michael Burwell: Yes. No. I would just add to John's comments. I mean, I did mention, we did have a couple of expense items in there, but -- which were around Brexit and our payroll taxes' unvested options. But those were not big numbers, Elyse. When we look at it, I'd just reiterate to what John said, I mean, we feel very good about where our margins are. We continue to focus on driving and continued improvement on those. And we look at them on a 605 basis, and we'll continue to push them very, very hard. 
Elyse Greenspan: And can you quantify what level of expense saves there might have been in the quarter? 
Michael Burwell: I mean, we have a variety of different ones without going into those in that level of detail. But I mean, I guess -- and if you think about what we've done in real estate, we've continued to drive our real estate footprint across the organization as we continue to consolidate offices between the 2 legacy organizations, I think, which are driving costs. We've continued to manage our headcount appropriately, and make sure that we do drive that operating leverage. So as we're driving that revenue growth, we're not looking at just adding headcount. So particularly, in our back-office functions, we're looking to manage that and look to drive that appropriately with the footprint that we have today. So I would say those are probably 2 of the bigger drivers, Elyse. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: First question on your guidance. You maintained your guidance for the full year. If you look underneath organic growth, guidance a little bit better, tax rate a little bit lower, and you maintain your 25% adjusted EBITDA margin. So why the guidance would not be higher? 
John Haley: Well, the guidance was in a range. We still think we'll be in the range. 
Kai Pan: Okay. All right. And then on the organic front, I just wonder, because the first quarter comparison was tough, and that you achieved 6% actually more than last year's 5%. The second quarter last year actually was weaker at 2%. And do you think the second quarter, actually, the comp would be coming easier for this year? Or there's some one-off timing issues? 
John Haley: We think the second quarter comp is easier. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: And I guess, my first question would be around, in your press release, you provided a section where you gave select questions and answers, and I appreciate that. Question 2 that you provided an answer was around EPS for 2019. And I'm trying not to get out in front or over my ski tips here, but I'm wondering if you could sort of establish some basic guide posts for the investment community and what they should expect around annual revenue growth, margin improvement, free cash flow, et cetera, as we think about 2019 and beyond. 
John Haley: Greg, I think we're just not -- right now, our focus is so much on 2018 in delivering those results. And as we think about 2019 there, we're focused on making sure that we have the right kind of capabilities and investments to do well then, but we're not necessarily focused on being able to provide guidance at this point. 
Charles Peters: Okay. I guess, just to -- and tangent to that is we're almost halfway through 2018, and I still haven't heard word on whether we're going to see a contract extension for you? And who's going to be the CEO in 2019? 
John Haley: Yes. We don't have anything to say about that either at the moment. 
Charles Peters: Okay. I'm striking out. Last area, I know in the past, you've commented on legacy revenue synergies, the targets for 2018. Perhaps you wanted to circle back and give us an update on how you're performing as we're moving through '18 on those legacy targets? 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, I think -- thanks, and we didn't go through and talk about that this time, partly because we already had a long script with these double accounting results and everything there to begin with. But broadly, things are going well. I mean, I would say that they're in line with what we had last quarter. If they hadn't been, we would have called it out. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Newsome with Sandler O'Neill. 
Paul Newsome: Sorry. I had questions on the margin, and I couldn't get in the queue. Apologies. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: John, the quarter looked really good, organic growth, margin expansion, the EPS. I mean, things, it looks like the business momentum is accelerating. One thing I want to pick at is, if things are going this well, why do you have to wait for cash flow to buy back stock? You know it's coming. Why wouldn't you just make the decision in the first quarter -- let's get ahead of this? 
John Haley: Yes, that's a fair -- do you want to just answer the question? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean -- yes, it's -- we -- we're watching it pretty closely and managing and focusing on cash flow and our DSO efforts, our continued focus. We're just being prudent, I guess, and conservative. We could have, but we didn't. That's the reality. 
John Haley: I think that's right, though, Shlomo. The real answer is we were probably just being a little conservative, maybe a little overly conservative in terms of doing that. But the first quarter is, as we said, it is a quarter where we have the big outflow of bonuses. And we had a very good year in 2017, so we had larger bonuses than we did the year before. We could have done that. Maybe we should have. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: And given where you see the business going and the momentum, is it fair to assume that you gave a range and you should be tracking towards a higher end of the range, if not above that, just based on where the stock has been tracking recently? 
John Haley: Yes. Look, we feel very good about hitting the guidance that we have. And I think you've worked with us for a while, and you know we don't -- we're not into just adjusting the guidance on every little up or down that occurs in the course of a year. So -- but we feel pretty good about being able to come out in the range we had there or maybe even better. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Right. And that's fair. I was just pointing out at the cash flow in terms of the -- the targeted share repurchases were $600 million to $800 million. And given where you're coming out and the strength of the business, should we assume -- and where the stock has tracked, we should assume that, hey, you should be able to get to the upper end of that? 
John Haley: I think after the good first quarter, it's more likely that we'll get to the upper end than it was going into it. So yes, that's... 
Operator: And our next question comes from Arash Soleimani with KBW. 
Arash Soleimani: I just wanted to ask one more question on the margin. And I agree, on a year-over-year basis, look like very strong performance. But it seems like for some reason, The Street expected something higher. I mean, so do you have any thoughts on where maybe the disconnect was? Like was there anything in unallocated expenses perhaps that maybe we weren't expecting to be in there that was in there? And again, just saying one more time that it was definitely a strong performance, but it seems like there was some kind of disconnect between The Street and... 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, you have some accounting application that's been going on. Obviously, the 606 and how are people -- were they getting that comfortable with that and thinking about what 606 was going to present with the margin then associated with that, what was that going to be? And then you had the pension change that happened as well, which moved amounts from unallocated net down to income from operations. And so that pension income is included in other income net in that line item. If you compare it on a year-over-year basis, we've obviously restated them appropriately to reflect that in the accounting standards. But overall, I guess, I would reiterate back to your opening comments. I mean, we feel very good about the margins and what's gone on. Overall, we try to be as transparent as we can be to highlight the changes that have been going on. But I think it's not easy to model all those activities that are happening and changes that are there, and we've tried to give as much guidance as we can, both in our comments and our disclosures and what we've included in the supplemental schedules that we've posted on our website to try to enhance everyone's understanding of what that means. 
Arash Soleimani: And I don't know if you've provided this, but if you've put the margin on a -- the margin, obviously, that we're looking at is on a new accounting basis. What would the expansion have been if we were looking at a new accounting versus new accounting margin number? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. So I mean -- so when you adopted the accounting standard, it's a perspective basis. So -- and included in that was equally open contracts method with a certain amount of revenue, which we had talked about here, in the $45 million, $50 million range, that literally did not get booked to retained earnings, has gone and, as we've articulated, we think will come back in fiscal year '19 in some form in terms of thinking about it. But we do not restate back as contrasted with what others have done in terms of looking at that margin. We've really been managing the business on a 605 basis, and that's really been our focal point. So I'm not sure how relevant that would really be. 
John Haley: But our margin for last year was, what, 23.2%? 
Michael Burwell: For the year. 
John Haley: For the year. So we were looking -- if we got to the 25%, which some people were skeptical of that, but to get to 25% is 180 basis points. And so that's why I was measuring against the 250 and thinking boy, that's pretty good. 
Arash Soleimani: Yes. No, I agree. And then the -- this might seem like a silly question. But on the 5% organic growth for the segments -- I know you don't break out the investment income anymore, but the 5% organic versus the 6%, is the only difference there just the reimbursable expenses? 
John Haley: No. The difference between -- that's divestitures. So we divested about 1% of our businesses in 2017 and, I guess, January of 2018 counting that in there. And these were generally lower-performing businesses that we divested. I think it cost us $0.03 or $0.04 of earnings. But yes, that's that difference there. 
Arash Soleimani: Okay. And just last question, is there any change in capital management or buyback philosophy? 
John Haley: No, no. Full steam ahead. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Adam Klauber with William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: I think you mentioned free cash of $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion, but you mentioned something about a change in capitalization. Did I get that right? And how much did that impact free cash flow? 
Michael Burwell: You did get it right. It's $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion is the number. And roughly, it's about $10 million for the quarter. That's the impact. 
Adam Klauber: Okay. So pretty small. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. 
Adam Klauber: So this year looks like buybacks and dividend will be the majority of free cash. As we think about next year, the merger-related activities have -- do act... 
John Haley: I'm sorry, you're bleeding out. 
Adam Klauber: Sorry. Do deals and mergers become more likely in '19 and '20? 
John Haley: Yes, yes. I mean, I think that when you first do a large complicated merger like we did, and ours was complicated, not just on a couple of fronts, but also it was really 3 companies coming together, then the first few years after that mergers are relatively unlikely. And so each year, you go further out, they become more likely, other M&A activity. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. 
Yaron Kinar: Just one follow-up on Elyse's question on FX. So if we're still targeting $0.04 of a boost from FX, I'm looking at the guidance page, I think, Slide 21, I do think that the average exchange rates there assumed have gone up a little bit. So I just want to confirm that's all driven by the first quarter. Or is there still maybe a little more momentum coming from FX the rest of the year? 
Michael Burwell: I'll tell you, it's all coming from the first quarter. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. That's helpful. And then my second question is around organic growth or, actually, I guess, currency-adjusted growth. So yes, it's 5% growth in the first quarter, still targeting 3% to 4% the rest -- for the full year. Is that just because you're running into tougher part of your comps in the second half of the year? Or are there other drivers that may result in slower growth for the remaining 9 months? 
Michael Burwell: I mean, we're looking at what's happening in the marketplace. We obviously think we have a little better comps actually going into the second and third quarter overall. But fourth quarter, obviously, we had very good growth. And so it will be a very tough comparable overall. So it's reflecting of what we saw happen, obviously, in terms of actuals in the first quarter. We're looking second, third quarter feeling like we have reasonable comps in the fourth quarter. We got another tough comp. So that's how we really kind of manage ourselves in terms of what we think the number will be. So that's... 
John Haley: Right. And I think we actually think the market growth will be somewhere in the 3% to 4% range for the year, and we expect to be at least as fast as the market's growing. So that's more or less how we got there. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Jay Cohen with Bank of America. 
Jay Cohen: It looks like, in addition to the accounting changes, you made some changes to your own reporting moving things around. Are you -- will you be providing us with that basis of accounting for the final 3 quarters of 2017, so we can model it effectively for '18? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, yes. We absolutely are, Jay, and it's recast in the slides that are posted on our website. So you'll have them or you have them, yes. 
Jay Cohen: Great. Other questions were answered. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: Any thoughts on bulk sum -- bulk lump-sum work or just broader pension accounting dynamics if we've got the interest rates going up here? What impact -- are you seeing it in the backlog at all? 
John Haley: Yes. So bulk lump-sum work has bobbed up and down over the last, say, half a dozen years or so. It's at a relatively low level right now. We don't have any projections for a pickup this year. It's a little too early to say about next year. In some ways, higher interest rates can -- they can lower the cost of doing some bulk lump-sum. So of course, they also lower the target liability that you were measuring it against also. So there's a lot of factors that play in the bulk lump-sums. Right now, we're not projecting a big pickup on that, but I think we're just sort of looking at this space and ready to act if we do see some. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Mike Zaremski with Credit Suisse. 
Michael Zaremski: Mike, in the prepared remarks, you mentioned IRS guidance potentially. I'm just trying to -- a number of companies have mentioned this as well. I'm trying to get more color. Are you guys being conservative, and there could be guidance in the coming months or years, where the tax rate could materially change? Or maybe just some more color on that. 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, we continue to get -- Treasury continues to issue more clarification and guidance. And so we continue to incorporate that in all our calculations and analysis. And most recently, they had done that and provided us additional guidance as it relates to the GILTI tax. So we continue to believe, as fast as they got that bill passed, that there's continued interpretative guidance that comes out. So we're trying to be thoughtful and making sure we understand exactly what could impact us going forward. But just to be clear, we continue to appropriately plan tax planning strategies to over time get us more and more aligned with the statutory rates or below. And so that's what we continue to try to do. So I don't know if I'd use conservative or aggressive. I think we're thinking about it properly. And so that's why we said, and I'm sure that's why others are saying, because they're getting the same guidance that we're getting. 
Michael Zaremski: Okay, okay. So TBD there? Okay. My last question's on the Investments segment. You guys in the past have mentioned about launching an asset management exchange, I believe in the U.S. And it's in the U.K., and it's had a good deal of success. I've noticed some -- there's been at least 1 or 2 of somewhat prominent lawsuits against some of your peers regarding some proprietary products. Is there -- does launching these exchanges and some proprietary products to your clients come with added risk? 
John Haley: We're -- I guess, in today's world, you can't take a breath without having added risk. So there's always something there. But look, we feel very good about the products we have. And we vet everything very carefully with our legal department. So there's nothing that we're aware of that presents any unusual risk. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Yaron Kinar with Goldman Sachs. 
Yaron Kinar: Just one quick follow-up on the 2019 EPS. I realize it's too early to give guidance, but I do think in the past, you talked about double-digit growth in the long term. So when we think of that double-digit growth, is that off of that $9.88 to $10.12 guidance for the full year '18? 
John Haley: Yes, if that's where we end up. 
Operator: And we have another follow-up from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: Since I didn't take much of your time the last 2, I'd just want to give another try. So on your BDA health care exchange business, the run rate of organic growth is slowing down for the last 2 years. Is that sort of like is a maturing of the business? Just wondering, the margin profile of the business, will that improve given that you now probably don't need to invest a lot into the system? 
John Haley: Yes. So as we said, the reason the growth rate is slower is because the Individual Marketplace, which is where you get all of the big clients with all of the retirees that you get it once, that -- all the big cases are pretty much out. And there's relatively few of them there, and all but one of them are with us. So we have a very large installed base. So the growth rate is slowing down. And I guess, you could call that a maturing of the market there. We think that the margin impact, if we're not investing, or maybe I would just say if we're not incurring the expenses to enroll very large new clients or some 200,000 life case or something like that, then that tends to improve our margins a little bit. I don't think of it so much as investment because we are still doing a lot of investment to make both the individual and the Group Marketplace keep at the forefront of technology and keep ahead of any of our competitors. So we continue to have to do that, but we don't have to necessarily hire large people to just implement new -- big new cases. We'd prefer, of course, to be getting several big new cases and hiring people and having the margins be a little bit lower, but we'll see what happens. 
Kai Pan: Great. My final one is on the pricing side. You see the pricing neutral to slight up currently. And how do you see the momentum going? Is that going to slow down, especially like at midyear reinsurance renewals? 
John Haley: I don't think we see midyear being different than what we saw at the beginning of the year. But I think pricing is a dynamic market, and these things can change. But at the moment, we don't see any difference. 
Operator: And we have another follow-up from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: John, can you talk a little bit about the competitive environment and some of the areas, higher-level areas that you're in, maybe just in some of the brokerage areas, and then some of the consulting areas in the human resources side? I'm just trying to flush out a little bit as the organic growth in the business was better than the peers this quarter. It seems like it has been on par or better over the last several quarters. I wanted to know, are you sensing or you're hearing on the ground from your people that they're doing better competitively? Or is it just you're in different markets, and I shouldn't compare them the same way? 
John Haley: Sure. Mike is chomping at the bit to answer this question. 
Michael Burwell: Shlomo, I think we feel very good about what we've seen going on, particularly in our International operations in terms of strength in International. We've -- and then, equally, it has translated to strength in Great Britain in terms of working together and serving clients and going through that from a risk management standpoint. And our -- we look at our defined benefits actions and activities, where we continue to grow. And we see others not growing there because of the strength of our people. Our colleagues, john mentioned it earlier in terms of the quality of our resources and what they're delivering in the marketplace has continued to win more than our fair share, in my view. And that's because we're retaining clients and winning more and more business. So I think about you look at us from an International standpoint, you look at what's been happening in Great Britain, you look at our defined benefits activity, you look at our brokerage business overall versus what's been happening in the marketplace, and we look -- and our defined benefits business is growing. And so we feel good about what's happening at the top line. Now look, there's some areas that we continue to focus on, and we mentioned them. Germany is an area that we're continuing to focus on. And nothing ever hits perfect on all cylinders, so we're continuing to focus on that part of our business. But overall, that's -- we feel very good. 
John Haley: But I think, Shlomo, maybe just to add something, too. I think one of the things we've been focused on as we -- just as we've brought this merger together, this is -- this quarter sort of indicates where we think we'd like to be. I mean, you look at it, we have growth across all of our regions. We have growth across all of our segments. And I think that what we see is the kind of company we'd like to be as one where we have no weaknesses, one where everything is growing and everything is performing well. As Mike says, as you get down to the smaller units, you can always have pluses and minuses there, but we think you make a strong company by having no weaknesses.
 Okay. Is that it then? Thanks very much, everybody, for joining us, and then we'll look forward to updating you on our second quarter earnings call in August. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes today's program. You may all disconnect. And everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-08 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Willis Towers Watson Q4 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Aida Sukys, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin. 
Aida Sukys: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson Earnings Call. On the call today with me are John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Burwell, our Chief Financial Officer.
 Please refer to our website for the press release issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone through tomorrow by dialing (404) 537-3406, conference ID 5494338. The replay will also be available for the next 3 months on our website.
 This call may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which may involve risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of forward-looking statements and the risks and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking statements, investors should review the Forward-Looking Statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning, a copy of which is available on our website at willistowerswatson.com, as well as other disclosures under the heading of Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson filings with the SEC.
 Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this earnings call. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 During the call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a discussion of these non-GAAP financial measures, as well as reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures, under Regulation G to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, investors should review the press release we posted on our website. After our prepared remarks, we'll open the conference call for your questions.
 Now I'll turn the call over to John Haley. 
John Haley: Thanks, Aida, and good morning, everyone. Today, we'll review the fourth quarter and the full year 2017 results, as well as provide outlook for 2018.
 Closing out the fourth quarter of 2017 signified the end of the second year of our 3-year integration plan. 2017 was an eventful year. We completed a number of organizational changes and corporate initiatives during the year, and we made great headway in advancing our innovation efforts.
 From an organizational perspective, a key priority was finalizing the restructuring of the Corporate Risk and Broking business with a specific objective of achieving revenue growth in North America by the third quarter of 2017. This was accomplished as planned. The Operational Improvement Program concluded as of December 31, with $95 million of gross savings, and we achieved our multiyear goal of $325 million of annual gross savings.
 As a result of an extensive review of our portfolio of operations, we divested approximately 10 businesses, including a portfolio of programs and executed a couple of small bolt-on acquisitions. Last, we added some key talents, such as Mike Burwell, who came onboard as our new Chief Financial Officer in October. Mike has certainly hit the ground running, and I couldn't be more pleased with the transition.
 From an innovation perspective, we introduced our first CEO Circle award, a program meant to encourage innovation among our colleagues and to provide a path to bring the best ideas to market. We introduced a number of new solutions and analytics during the year, and I'd like to highlight just 2 of the new client solutions we're very excited about, the asset management exchange or AMX and our proprietary benefits accounts platform. AMX is a new marketplace, designed to transform institutional investment for the benefit of the end savor. It aims to create a smarter, easier and cheaper way to connect asset owners to those who manage their money. We're very pleased with the reception we've received from the U.K. and Ireland markets in a relatively short time frame. As of the end of December 2017, AMX had over $3 billion in assets under management, and we're planning on expanding into several other markets during 2018.
 The second initiative is our benefit accounts or our accounts business, which is the administration tool for accounts such as health savings and health retirement accounts. We received our nonbank custodial status last year and enhanced our accounts proprietary platform to integrate with our marketplace and Health and Welfare administration systems for a seamless transition for our clients. Ultimately, we anticipate that Willis Towers Watson's account platform will eliminate the need for us to use third-party providers in the future. We limited the release to a small number of clients this past enrollment season. We're very pleased with the preliminary results, thus far, and we plan to continue to expand the program in 2018.
 So moving on to our merger synergy objectives. The original merger objectives included decreasing the tax rate from approximately 34% to 25% by the end of 2017, and realizing $100 million to $125 million in cost-savings as we exited 2018. We surpassed our tax goal in the first year of the merger, with the 21% adjusted tax rate, and we continue to be under our goal with the 22% adjusted tax rate for 2017.
 Turning to the cost-savings goal. On a merger-to-date basis, we saved almost $130 million, and we're raising our savings goal to $175 million as a run rate as we exit 2018. Mike will talk about these efforts a bit later in the call.
 Our merger objectives also identified 3 specific areas of revenue synergies: global health solutions, the U.S. mid-market exchange and large market P&C. We've already achieved more than 70% of our 3-year global health solutions synergy sales goals. Our sales pipeline continues to be strong, and we expect to achieve our revenue goal in 2018. As we mentioned on our last call, the mid-market health care marketplace sales were muted in 2017, as compared to 2016. We added several large former Willis clients last year, and we believe that the ACA debate may have delayed decision-making for the fall 2017 enrollment period. We continue to believe there's a significant potential for the mid-market exchange business, and we're focused on its growth. Through the end of 2017, we had approximately $50 million in synergy sales. Given our cumulative sales through 2017 and the new business pipeline, we believe that we'll be at the lower end of the $100 million to $250 million goal as we exit 2018.
 Turning to the P&C synergies, we had about 70 new client wins in the large marketplace, with merger to date sales of more than $100 million. We anticipate those revenues being recognized over a 3-year period in most cases. We're happy with the overall traction in acquiring new clients in the large marketplace, but our average sale size has been less than our original estimates. We continue to build our pipeline and add to our talent base.
 We anticipate we'll end 2018 with about $150 million of revenue synergy sales rather than the $200 million original merger goal. While this would be a bit short of our original goal, it's clear that the U.S. large market space provides a significant long-term growth opportunity for Willis Towers Watson.
 Finally, we see revenue synergies develop between reinsurance and insurance consulting and technology or ICT teams. Now this was a revenue synergy we discussed publicly at the time of the merger, but we recognized that these 2 groups had relationships and solutions that complemented one another. We've sold more than $25 million of reinsurance broking and consulting work, as these groups have been teaming up and utilizing one another's tools and analytics.
 So now let's turn to our results. Reported revenues for the fourth quarter were $2.1 billion, up 8% as compared to the prior year fourth quarter, and up 5% on a constant currency and up 6% on an organic basis. Reported revenues included $54 million of positive currency movement. We observed growth in all our segments and regions for the quarter.
 Reported revenues for the year were $8.2 billion, up 4% as compared to the prior year, and up 4% on a constant-currency basis and up 5% on an organic basis. Reported revenues included $27 million of negative currency movement. Adjusted revenues for the year were up 3% as compared to the prior year and up 4% on both the constant currency and organic basis.
 Net income for the fourth quarter was $253 million, as compared to the prior year fourth quarter net income of $148 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the fourth quarter was $484 million or 23.3% of total revenues, as compared to the prior year fourth quarter adjusted EBITDA of $419 million or 21.7% of total revenues. This was an increase of 160 basis points in adjusted EBITDA margin.
 For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $1.84 and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $2.21. Currency fluctuations net of hedging had a $0.04 positive impact from the fourth quarter adjusted diluted EPS. Net income for the year was $592 million, as compared to the prior year net income of $438 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the year was $1.9 billion or 23.2% of total revenues, as compared to the prior year adjusted EBITDA of $1.77 billion or 22.3% of adjusted revenues. This was an increase of 90 basis points in adjusted EBITDA margin.
 For calendar 2017, diluted earnings per share were $4.18, and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $8.51. Currency fluctuations net of hedging had a negative impact of $0.12 on the 2017 adjusted diluted EPS.
 Now let's look at each of the segments in some more detail. As a reminder, beginning in 2017, we made certain changes that affected our segment results. These changes were detailed in the Form 8-K that we filed with the SEC on April 7, 2017. All of the revenue results discussed in the segment detail and guidance reflect commissions and fees or C&F on a constant-currency basis, unless specifically stated otherwise.
 Our segment margins are calculated using total segment revenues and are before consideration of unallocated corporate costs, such as amortization of intangibles, restructuring costs and certain transaction and integration expenses, resulting from mergers and acquisitions, as well as other items, which we consider non-core to our operating results. The segment results include discretionary compensation.
 For the fourth quarter, total segment commissions and fees were 5% on a constant-currency basis and 6% on an organic basis. Human Capital & Benefits or HCB commissions and fees fourth quarter growth was 2%, and organic growth was 4% as compared to the prior year fourth quarter. Our Technology and Administration Solutions or TAS commissions and fees increased by 15%. All regions had strong commissions and fees growth due to new client implementations. In addition to implementing new clients, we've been providing additional support for existing clients in Great Britain with respect to the legislative changes that we've discussed in previous calls.
 Health and benefits commissions and fees declined in the fourth quarter by 4%, primarily as a result of the sale of our Global Wealth Solutions business in the international region. Organic HCB growth was 4%. North America's large market continued to see strong growth in both project work and product sales, which was offset slightly by a decline in the middle market C&F. Great Britain C&F grew as a result of global health solution implementations.
 Talent and Rewards fourth quarter commissions and fees grew 4%, primarily due to an increase in corporate transaction projects, software sales and in compensation survey revenues. This growth was slightly offset by lower demand in the advisory businesses in North America. Retirement commissions and fees growth was 3%. Great Britain lead this C&F growth for the segment as a result of additional work generated by pension legislation and derisking projects. North America C&F grew as a result of increased consulting and administration work despite the lower demand for Bulk Lump Sum work. 
 International also had strong growth in large part due to our acquisition of Russell's actuarial business on Australia earlier this year, as well as an increase in consulting demand in Greater China. 
 The fourth quarter operating margin for the HCB segment was 22%, flat from the prior year fourth quarter. The margin reflects some planned segment investments and restructuring charges. For the full year, HCB C&F revenues grew 2%, with 2% growth on a constant-currency basis and 3% growth on an organic basis, and had an operating margin of 24%. Overall, we continue to have a very positive outlook for the HCB business in 2018.
 Now turning to Corporate Risk and Broking or CRB. Fourth quarter constant currency and organic commissions and fees were up 7% as compared to the prior year fourth quarter. North America CRB had solid growth of 4%, driven by increased new business, strong retention and forensic accounting claim work related to increased natural disasters. International had 20% C&F growth as a result of strong growth in Latin America, especially in Brazil and energy-related business in CEEMEA.
 Asia had solid growth as a result of new business and soft comparables in the fourth quarter of 2016. Western Europe C&F grew by 7%, led by performance in Large Accounts in Iberia, France and Italy. Great Britain commissions and fees increased by about 1% due to growth in the natural resources and energy lines, which was partially offset by a decline in retail and the delay of a large renewal to 2018. Client retention was approximately 93% this quarter.
 The CRB segment had a 28% operating margin as compared to 29% in the prior year fourth quarter. The margin decrease is due in part to a planned increase in corporate allocation related to the Gras Savoye acquisition and a onetime credit in the fourth quarter last year.
 For the full year of 2017, CRB C&F revenues grew 4% on a reported constant currency and organic basis and had an operating margin of 18%. We're pleased with the momentum in our CRB business globally.
 Now to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance or IRR. Constant currency commissions and fees for the fourth quarter increased 2% and organic increased 4% as compared to the prior year fourth quarter. As a reminder, the reinsurance line of business represents treaty-based reinsurance, with some facultative business produced in wholesale. The bulk of our Facultative Reinsurance results are captured in the CRB segment.
 Wholesale C&F grew by 8% due to new marine business and favorable timing. Insurance, Consulting and Technology or ICT had 8% C&F growth, driven by strong software sales. Reinsurance commissions and fees declined by 1% in the fourth quarter. Growth in International was offset by softness in North America and adverse timing in specialty. However, as a result of improved investment returns, total reinsurance revenues remained flat for the quarter. Investment commissions were down slightly, but overall, revenues increased by about 1% as a result of increased performance fees and delegated client wins. Max Matthiessen grew by 7% through strong new business and increased assets under management. Segment commissions and fees included a decline in the portfolio and underwriting business as a result of the divestiture of many of our small programs.
 For the fourth quarter, the IRR segment had a 2% operating margin, down from 8% from the prior year fourth quarter. The fourth quarter 2017 margin was impacted by planned investments for new technology and analytics and the divestment of various U.S. programs. For the year, IRR C&F revenues grew 2%, with 3% growth on a constant-currency basis and a 4% growth on an organic basis, and had an operating margin of 24%. We continue to feel positive about the momentum of the IRR business for 2018.
 Commissions and fees for the BDA segment increased by 11% from the prior year fourth quarter, driven by increased enrollments. Our individual marketplace commissions and fees increased by 11% and the rest of the segment increased by 10%. Increased membership and new clients drove the revenue increase in our Group Marketplace.
 The Health and Welfare in North America pension outsourcing business has continued to grow, primarily due to new clients and customized active exchange projects.
 Let me turn to the 2018 enrollments. We had a very strong Group Marketplace enrollment season, as we added approximately 200,000 lives. As anticipated, we enrolled approximately 35,000 retirees in the Individual Marketplace. As we mentioned in our previous call, the Individual Marketplace exchange enrollment process is changing as the businesses mature. Enrollments will be spread more evenly throughout the year, so we continue to expect another 45,000 to 55,000 retirees to enroll during 2018.
 The BDA segment had a 22% operating margin as compared to 11% in the prior year fourth quarter. The increase in margin was a result of the Individual Marketplace enrollment cycle being scheduled more evenly throughout the year, which allowed us to align staffing and costs more appropriately.
 For the full year of 2017, BDA C&F revenues grew 12% on a reported constant currency and organic basis, and had an operating margin of 21%, which represents a 260 basis point increase over the prior year. The BDA segment is in a period of transition, as the market and our market approach continue to evolve. We continue to be optimistic about the long-term growth of this business.
 So as I mentioned earlier, 2017 was an eventful year. We can't forget that so many of our colleagues and clients suffered losses during the many catastrophic events that occurred around the globe during the year. Our colleagues never lost sight of the important work we do in times of crisis, and our client focus was unwavering. I'd like to thank our colleagues for their efforts in supporting our clients in what was a difficult year. And of course, I'd like to thank our clients for the great support you've given over the last 2 years.
 Before turning the call over to Mike, I'd like to congratulate Alice Underwood and Mary O'Connor, for having been named Women to Watch by the Business Insurance CLM Women to Watch recognition program. The award honors professionals doing outstanding work in risk management and commercial insurance. Recipients are recognized for their leadership, accomplishments and commitment to the advancement of women and diversity in the insurance industry. Alice is the global leader of the company's insurance consulting and technology business, and Mary is the Head of Client Industry and Business Development in Great Britain and also serves as a global leader of the company's financial institutions industry. They couldn't be more deserving of this honor.
 Now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John, and I'd like to add my thanks and congratulations to our colleagues for all of their efforts this year, and especially ending the year with such strong momentum. I've been impressed by the talent, the drive for excellence and the client commitment that I've witnessed through our organization, and in particular, over the last 4 months. I came to Willis Towers Watson in a time when our colleagues were in full crisis response mode as they work with their clients to assess the impacts of the recent catastrophes. C&F client commitment and action during my first few weeks here was a great introduction into Willis Towers Watson's and made me very proud to be part of this organization. 
 But now for some additional insight into our financial results. Income from operations for the fourth quarter was $110 million or 5.3% of total revenues. The prior year fourth quarter operating income was $88 million or 4.6% of total revenues. Adjusted operating income for the fourth quarter was $436 million or 21% of total revenues, an increase of 17% over the prior year. Prior year fourth quarter adjusted operating income was $374 million or 19.4% of total revenues. The key drivers of this increase were both strong revenue growth and prudent expense management.
 Income from operations for the year was $738 million or 9% of total revenues. The prior year operating income was $551 million or 7% of total revenues. Adjusted operating income for the year was $1.77 billion or 21.5% of total revenues, an increase of 9% over the prior year. Adjusted operating income for the prior year was $1.62 billion or 20.4% of adjusted revenues. Again, the key drivers of this increase were both strong revenue growth and prudent expense management.
 Let's move on to taxes. I'd like to provide you with some additional insight into our U.S. GAAP and adjusted tax rates. U.S. GAAP tax rate for the fourth quarter was negative 221.4% and the adjusted tax rate was 21%. In connection with our initial analysis of the impact of U.S. tax reform, we recorded a onetime discrete net tax benefit of $204 million in the fourth quarter. This net benefit includes a $208 million tax benefit as a result of the corporate rate reduction impact on the remeasurement of U.S. net deferred tax liabilities primarily related to merger-related acquisition intangibles. For the year, U.S. GAAP tax rate was negative 20.5% and the adjusted tax rate was 22%, which surpassed our guidance adjusted tax rate of 23% to 24%.
 U.S. tax reform is relatively new, and as such, we anticipate that the U.S. Treasury may issue further clarifications, interpretations or guidance so there's a possibility that our guidance could be updated during the year.
 Moving to the balance sheet. We continue to have a very strong financial position. In terms of capital allocation, we purchased approximately $70 million of Willis Towers Watson's stock in the fourth quarter, bringing the total for the year to approximately $710 million, including the cancellation of shares related to the settlement of shareholder litigation. And as you may recall, our expectation was that the buyback was about $0.5 billion of shares for 2017. Over the last 2 years, we have repurchased or canceled almost 8.4 million shares as we believe this was in the best interest of our shareholders. We also increased the dividend by 10% in 2017.
 Free cash flow for the year was $562 million, a decrease from $715 million for the prior year. The year-over-year variance was related to an increase in payments for discretionary compensation, as we had a full year of discretionary bonus payments in 2017 whereas we had a partial payment on our partial year in 2016. We had higher capital cost this year due to our increase and integration efforts, the interest charges and the costs related to shareholder appraisal settlement and a prepayment of our corporate taxes on the fourth quarter.
 Before moving on to the 2018 guidance, I'd like to remind everyone that a new revenue and pension accounting standards were implemented as of January 1, 2018. On January 10, 2018, we filed an 8-K report, and hosted a conference call to discuss the potential impact to the company and the segment results. As we discussed on the call, we don't anticipate any material change on the annual basis, but the seasonality will change for some segments as a result of the new revenue standard. A more detailed discussion and examples can be found in our 8-K filing.
 The 2018 financial results, we published using the ASC 606 standard, but our disclosures will include results as if the 2017 U.S. GAAP standard was implemented. As such, the guidance, which we will provide you today will continue to be on the 2017 U.S. GAAP standard. We want to ensure the divestitures have a clear line of sight between our merger goals and our 2018 results.
 So now let's review our full year 2018 guidance for Willis Towers Watson. For the company, we expect constant currency revenue growth to be around 3%. As John mentioned in his introduction earlier on the call, we have been reviewing our portfolio, and during 2017 and in January 2018, we sold businesses with revenues totaling $65 million, so the 3% revenue growth equates to 4% organic growth.
 For the segments, we expect commissions and fees constant currency revenue growth to be in the low single-digits for HCB, CRB and IRR, and to be in the mid-single digits for BBA. Transaction integration expenses expect to be approximately $140 million. As John mentioned earlier, we have already exceeded our original savings estimates of $100 million to $125 million.
 Depreciation expense is expected to be approximately $210 million. The adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be around 25%. The adjusted effective tax rate is expected to be around 24%. As alluded to earlier, new Treasury rules could materially impact this expectation. We expect free cash flow of approximately $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion in 2018. We had previously committed to delivering a minimum of $1.3 billion of free cash flow. The reason for the range is we settled the Stanford claim for $120 million in 2016, and expected to pay the funds in 2017 once approved by the court. Although the settlement was granted, we're still in the process of litigating an appeal. We hope the settlement will be approved by late 2018, but is dependent on the court. We've increased our integration budget by about $60 million in order to save an additional $50 million in merger synergies for a total savings of $175 million. There are 2 areas where we see opportunity for additional savings. The first is expanding the scope of implementation of our ERP system. We shifted our focus to creating a global system rather than focusing on our major centers of operations. This will enhance data collection and greater financial efficiency.
 The second area of investment is in the real estate and data centers. We've been successful in consolidating and optimizing office and data centers, and surpassing our initial savings goals. We expect to aggressively continue these efforts, and I'd also like to address the steps we have identified during 2018 budgeting process that makes us comfortable in guiding to the $1.1 billion to the $1.3 billion of free cash flow. We see specific opportunities in the following areas: enhanced operational performance, reduction of program cost and capital expenditures; increased working capital; refining our hedging programs and a onetime nonrecurring cash events, which took place in 2017, such as the shareholder settlement and prepayment of core income taxes.
 We plan to repurchase $600 million to $800 million of Willis Towers Watson's stock during 2018, and expect to end the year with approximately 131 million shares outstanding. This will be a net reduction of 7 million shares since the merger, and at the top of the estimated range we discussed at the Analyst Day in 2016. Adjusted diluted earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $9.88 to $10.12. Annual guidance assumes average currency exchange rates of $1.33 to the pound and $1.18 to the euro.
 So before I turn the call back to John, I want to remind everyone that we'll be hosting an Analyst Day in Washington, D.C., on March 16, 2018, and a Meet the Leader session in London on March 22, 2018. We look forward to seeing you all at one of these events. 
John Haley: Thanks very much, Mike. And now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: My first question is on margin. So if you look at organic growth have been very strong and the margin improvements had been a bit slower than expected. So I just wonder why you don't have sort of like higher leverage on the margin and what give comfort for like 25% margin in 2018? That seems like a big jump like 200 basis points from the 2017 levels. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, Kai. Well, thank you for the question. We think we're still confident and comfortable with the 25% EBITDA margin for 2018. In order to -- we've seen a couple investments that we've made in the current year, one that we referenced in the HCB segment, which is both restructuring, as well as further technology investments that we've made there. And second, in the IRR segment, our AMX investment is what we referenced, and John alluded to that in his opening comments, are investments that we've made. So we feel good about the margin that we have delivered, a little over 3% for the current year. And we're -- we see a bridge and a path forward, and we think that's reflective in terms of what's happening in the current year. But we see an absolute path to the 25% margin, and that's what we've touched on. 
Kai Pan: Okay. Then my follow-up question is on the organic growth front. If you look at across the segments, been pretty strong. The one weak spot is in reinsurance. Could you talk a little bit more? Because some of your competitor peers, they seem to have very strong organic growth in reinsurance. And also, how do you contract your strong organic growth overall versus your, seems like, lower guidance, the sort of merger synergy? 
Michael Burwell: Well, I guess, the first is, again, remember on reinsurance we take facultative. That is included in our CRB segment overall. So when we look at the reinsurance segment, we feel very good about where it sits and what it's delivered overall when we see it. So I guess we're not uncomfortable with where we are in our operations associated with reinsurance. Looking out to future in terms of overall organic revenue growth, we're comfortable really being in that 3% to 4% range that we've historically touched on, and we think that makes sense for the business, given where market conditions are. And so I really have no more to say that that's kind of where we are. I don't know, John, anything you'd add to that? 
John Haley: Yes, I mean, I think, Mike, I agree with what you said. I guess the only thing I'd add is that when you look at the revenue synergies, we said we expect to be ahead on Global Health. We expect to be at the low end on the mid-market exchange business. And we expect to be about maybe $50 million below our target on the large company P&C, but we have about $25 million of revenue synergies that we hadn't counted in terms of the reinsurance at ICT. When you add those all up, it gets to a point which is pretty damn close to about where our revenue synergies were. And frankly, what we're focused on is making sure that we have a company that's growing. And if we grow a little bit slower in one area and faster in another to account for it. That will be just fine. But we like the fact that we're getting growth from all areas, and we have a great deal of confidence going into 2018. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Peters with Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: I just wanted to go back a couple of comments that you made. You raised the integration expense savings to $175 million, and you also referenced refining the hedging program. On the $175 million, is that expected to all fall to the bottom line? Or is there going to be a reinvestment in part of that $175 million? And then can you run through the costs or the savings that you expect to get out of the refining of the hedging program? 
John Haley: Yes, so let me -- I'll take the first part of that, and I'll let Mike explain the hedging because I just get frustrated talking about it. But the $175 million, that's part of our merger cost synergies. And in the merger cost synergies, we expect every penny to drop to the bottom line. 
Charles Peters: And John, that's just -- that comes by the end of the fourth quarter '18, correct? It's not something that we'll miss... 
John Haley: That's a fourth quarter, yes, that's a fourth quarter run rate exiting 2018, Greg. 
Charles Peters: Perfect, yes. 
Michael Burwell: And Greg, on the hedging program, it's something John and I had been looking at. I specifically have been looking at it, and really reevaluating how we do it, what instruments we use, what's the length of time that we put in place, and so we've reevaluated that activity. I think we've streamlined it. We've given it greater focus, attention, et cetera, and we're optimistic as we look forward that we'll see enhanced management of that going forward. 
John Haley: Yes, I think we do feel -- we've done -- we've spent a large part of 2017, understanding the hedging and as Mike says, evaluating it and trying to set up the best program, going forward, into 2018. And I think both Mike and I have a lot of confidence that the system we have now is better than what we had before. 
Charles Peters: Does this mean that there's going to be a little bit more volatility in the reported results around currency? Or I'm just trying to read through the tea leaves there. 
Michael Burwell: No, no, the hope, honestly, Greg, is the opposite actually, is there's less volatility than what we've had historically. 
John Haley: Yes. 
Charles Peters: Okay, perfect. The last -- the second question is around free cash flow. I understand your guidance for 2018. Can you just talk to us about some of the drivers in 2017 because it was down relative to 2016? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. I mean, I think, as I mentioned in the comments, Greg, what we had seen is first is bonus payment. So in '17, we had a full year of bonus payments. They were recorded in '16. We only had a partial year that was included in there. We did spend some additional CapEx, both in real estate, in which we're seeing benefits, and we'll see benefits from, going forward, as well as technology. And I had mentioned, we had paid some taxes in the fourth quarter, which we believe were an appropriate tax strategy for us, and so we've made some additional tax payments in the fourth quarter. So those things were the principal changes between fiscal year '16 and fiscal year '17 from a free cash flow standpoint. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Mike, I want to focus more on the free cash flow, like the last question, and just asking to bridge some of the 2017 to 2018 guidance. Just want some specifics, so there's some high-level numbers that are not going to reoccur, like, how large was that tax payment that you made in '17 that will, obviously, reduce the tax payment in '18? What else is sticking out over there? And then, just to understand more clearly, are you expecting to make that settlement payment in 2018, and that's why the reduction from $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion to $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion? Just trying to understand some of the moving parts and what are some of the highlights, so we can understand that bridge? 
Michael Burwell: Sure. Well, let me see if I can help fill on that color. So first is, again, coming from '16 to '17, let's take '17 to '18 just in terms of our thinking. Again, when you look back at '16 to '17, so cash tax payments was roughly in the $50 million range. When you think about it, we had disclosed the shareholder litigation that we had paid, was is around $33 million, and CapEx that you can see, and there's roughly $82 million. And we had the bonus payments in there were $80 million, $90 million kind of range, were the biggest pieces that really bridge you from '16 to '17. And then as you look out to '18, what we really see is some operational improvements. You're obviously going to have reduced spending from a T&I perspective, integration perspective and a restructuring perspective, and what we see is improvement in working capital and CapEx. So when I look at those components, that's $500 million to $600 million that we see in aggregate of opportunities that are there. So I guess you're up in that -- round that $1.3 billion free cash flow. And your last question was when do we expect to pay the Stanford litigation? Right now, the reason we did go with that range, $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion, was if indeed we pay it in '18, and obviously, we cruised that down to $1.1 billion, fix that and we don't pay it, we would obviously be at the $1.3 billion, then it might get pushed into '19. Obviously, we're at the mercy of the judicial system in terms of how that process moves forward. So I hope it provides a bit more color. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: It does a bit. Although it'd be nice if we get just some brackets around some of the anonymous. Like $500 million to $600 million, is there something that accounts for $100 million to $200 million? I understand that Stanford is $200 million, but what about some of the other items there? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, I think if you look at our T&I, our reduced restructuring and T&I spending, you're in the $250 million to $300 million range, just to give you some further information and insight to it. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And then just in terms of the margins in the quarter, there's a lot of talk about increased investment in some of the areas in some of the units. Is there some way to quantify that just so that we get a sense as to what was planned and what was kind of accelerated in the plan? And, John, maybe you want to kind of address what are you expecting to get out of some of those investments again. 
John Haley: Yes, do you want to talk about what was acceleration on... 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, so first, in the -- again, we have been investing, and John touched on it in terms of highlighted that -- what we believe were significant investments around AMX and the IRR segment. We're continuing to look to expand that geographically, and so obviously, we need to adapt that appropriately into the particular territories, and which is going to operate, et cetera. And we believe that, that was the right investment to make, so that we can continue to leverage that, given the positive response that we've seen in Ireland and the U.K. And frankly, it's moving at a very rapid pace, and so we view that as an appropriate investment in terms of be able to leverage that looking to '18 and beyond. And the HCB segment was, frankly, we thought we needed to take some restructuring actions to better align the business and position it for longer-term profitability. The -- Julie and the team, did that and executed within the quarter. We did not include it in our restructuring charge because we view that as it relates to the prior years, and we want to make sure we keep this clean in terms of what was going to happen, and we see that as further productivity. So we would have been more in the 23.5% kind of EBITDA margin just to come back from a quantification standpoint on an adjusted EBITDA margin basis, had we not made those investments just to kind of quantify and give you some perspective on it in terms of how we think about that. 
John Haley: Okay, and so let me just, Shlomo, give you a little bit more color too on maybe Mike's statement on the -- you mentioned the $500 million to $600 million of free cash flow improvement from 2017 to 2018. And as we look at that and think about the numbers, we're focused on the grand total, not so much the specific buckets. But if we look at the buckets, we're actually planning for operations to be about, say, 27% of the total DSO improvement to be about another 27% of the total, and then the CapEx reduction to be maybe 45% of the total. But what we're really focused on is the total as opposed to the individual pieces. But that, at least, gives you some idea of the relative sizes of what we're working with. The main investments that we've been making and we're doing a little more restructuring to get some of the -- we're taking a little more charges there to get some of the additional benefits in the cost synergies. We have those going on. But this year, the major investments that we've been making in the business, one, Mike talked about some of the restructuring we've done in HCB, and as you noted, we let that flow through and affect our margins as opposed to separating that out in a restructuring charge, where we look at this as some necessary restructuring, but maybe a little closer to business as usual. 
Michael Burwell: And John, we didn't adjust it out in the adjusted numbers either. 
John Haley: Right. So it's not in the -- it's not adjusted at all in there, so we're treating it as business as usual, but we think that will pay off just as the work we did in HCB the year before paid off in some better margins this year too, improving the margins, so -- from what they would have been. The -- we've invested heavily in AMX and brought that out, and we've also been investing quite heavily in new technology and new tools in the brokerage business, generally. So these -- that's actually the most significant investment we're making right now is in some of the new technology and new approaches in brokerage. We also have some investments in analytical tools in HCB. So I think one of the things that we were focused on doing this year, Shlomo, is making sure that we, as a company, we're focused on the future and investing in what's going to be generating the future revenue flows and the future profits in 2019, 2020 and beyond. And we wanted to make sure that, that was moving ahead as we did this. We're still very focused on delivering the results for 2018, but we don't want that to be at the expense of future growth. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Marcon with Baird. 
Mark Marcon: First of all, I want to congratulate you on all of the progress which occurred over the last 2 years. You did a lot of things that a lot of people were skeptical of. So congrats on that, and it seems like things are well within range for 2018. I'd actually like to look beyond 2018 first, and just think about, incrementally, what are some of the things that you could continue to improve upon as we look out beyond 2018? Because it looks like the 10 10 is within range. What areas are you most optimistic about? Where are the areas where the free cash flow could improve even further? How should we think about that? 
John Haley: Yes, so I would say this, I think if you look at our margins and compare them to our competitors, where you would see the biggest difference is probably in CRB. And so we think that, that is probably an area where -- I mean, I love the progress that we have made in CRB from the fourth quarter of 2016 to today. If we keep on that [indiscernible], I think there's further improvement that we can make in 2019 and beyond. And also, the investments that I just talked about that we're making, as I said, we're putting more money in investments and making sure that we are at the forefront, technologically, in CRB than anywhere else, and so I see that as also something that we contribute there. I think we -- I think there's some things we can do just as a matter of housekeeping and better management that will improve things. Both Mike and I think our DSOs are far too high, and we think that there's some significant improvement. We expect to make some improvement in 2018, but frankly, we expect to make improvement for several years, year on and year out in DSOs, and so we see that as an area that we can improve on. And then finally, we've been spending a lot of time on making sure that we're encouraging and fostering innovation. And I mentioned, the CEO Circle awards, we have a number of other programs. It's my belief that most of the best innovation comes from the people on the front lines, so we're dealing with clients every day, and trying to -- they see what the problems are, and they come up with solutions for them. And what we want to make sure is that we have the right kind of environment in this company where people can bring those solutions forward and we can institutionalize them and get them out to market quickly. And we think we've done a number of nice things the last couple of years to bring that forward. We think that will pay off. 
Mark Marcon: That's great. With regards to the innovation, I mean, that's part of the culture, and I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about some of the metrics that you're looking at with regards to engagement and retention, particularly, in CRB, where you have made a ton of progress. 
John Haley: Yes. So we did our first annual or our first all associates engagement survey in the early part of 2017. And we did that, actually, before we started to see some of the real upturns that we had. It was in the very early part of 2017. So it's not necessarily with all the good results we've had here factored in. But it was a -- over all, we were very pleased with the results. We got over 86% of our people responding to it. I think the most important thing was that in terms of feeling about the company sharing their values and improving of the values of the company of what we were trying to do, we had extraordinarily high alignment. We had some things the people indicated that we needed to work on in terms of improving some of the efficiencies and the way we make it easier for people to do their work. We look at engagement surveys as not report cards, but really as areas for us to identify that we can work on to improve the company, and so we're taking that feedback. We have a whole program to roll that out. We'll probably do another survey in another year or so, and I expect we'll see some improvement in the areas that our colleagues have identified for us. On innovation, generally, though, we have a new venture investment committee. That is a committee that reviews ideas that people have. We have invested a lot in infrastructure to make it easy for people to identify some new ideas to get the appropriate support, to develop business plans for them and to bring them forward. We have a pretty rigorous approach to which ideas we'll pilot test. And then of the ones we pilot test, which ones we'll put into development. And I think the idea behind that is to say, going forward, we want to have maybe a little bit -- any ideas that we're supporting, we want to make sure we give them sufficient support that they get a fair chance to do it, but we also want to have a culture of fast failure. So we want to get out of things that aren't working. But we're pleased with the whole development across the range there, Mark. 
Mark Marcon: And then just 2 number questions real fast, the $175 million in run rate savings that we were going to get to by the end of 2018, can you just give us a pacing for what's incremental in terms of coming through as the quarters fall through? And then from a DSO perspective, what would be a realistically ambitious goal and what would be, like, an audacious target in terms of where you can get the DSOs to? 
John Haley: I'm going to let Mike take both of those. 
Michael Burwell: Sure. On the -- when you look at the incremental $50 million, a big piece of that is the continued program around real estate, in particular. As we see that optimization continuing to happen, we have certain leases coming due and we have refined the program that we've learned over the last couple of years and we believe we can see incremental benefits from what we've done to date, and that's the biggest piece of what you're going to see in that $50 million happening in fiscal year '18. You're coming back on your -- remind me of you second... 
Mark Marcon: Just the DSOs, what... 
John Haley: What's a realistic and what's an audacious goal. 
Michael Burwell: So I think a realistic goal is clearly getting it down by 5 days I think is a realistic immediate goal. Every day is worth $0.01 of share, it's $21 million a day for us. So we see that, I mean, 20% reduction would be more of an audacious goal in what we have out there in terms of what we would look to do. And so we're really, as John mentioned, the both of us are very focused on it as well as, frankly, the entire leadership team in terms of managing it and driving it in a very focused way. So we understand what it means to free cash flow. We know what it means in terms of creating opportunities for us to be able to redeploy that free cash flow and return it to potential investors is an important element to that, so hopefully that helps. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: In the CRB segment, very strong international organic growth, was there some timing benefit to that, your guidance for low-single-digits is consistent with what you've had historically, but it seems like Q4 was quite strong. Is there some reason it should decelerate that much? 
John Haley: Well, I think when you look at international, you have really a tale of just 2 very different years between 2016 and 2017. And we mentioned that we thought that there were a lot of things, just a lot of unfortunate breaks in 2016 on international, and we thought the actual performance of that business was really much better, but a lot of things brought it down. So I think we had some easier comparables in 2016. The performance in 2017 has just been outstanding, I think, really the whole year. And so it's a little bit better in this fourth quarter, but it's really good performance the whole year. 
Mark Hughes: And then your large case P&C, sounds like you're making some progress, but would like to make more. Is there -- are you finding this is just something that's going to take longer? Or it is just hard to do? 
John Haley: Yes. I would say that I think -- well, 2 things about this: one, we put the $200 million goal out there, and that was really taking us from -- it was an additional 2% market share, we estimated, but it was really about a 40% increase in our market in what our total revenues were because we're going from 3.5% to 5.5%. So a pretty big increase there. We're not getting quite as far along as we thought. But even when we had the $200 million out there, we expect that, that would be something that we would build on in future years and continue to grow our relative market share there. So if it comes out the way we're planning now, we'll have gone from about 3.5% market share, up 1.5% to about 5% and 5%, 5.5%, something like that, and we'll -- we expect to continue to grow that over future years. I think it's probably, I mean, it's fair to say it's probably been a little bit harder than we anticipated or at least it's been a little bit slower than we anticipated. And so I think I mentioned the -- we actually are not as far off on the number of cases that we had brought in, but the average case size is a little bit smaller than we had anticipated. 
Operator: And our last question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: Just trying to tie up some stuff. If I look at the earnings guidance that you guys gave, obviously, the 10 10 that you guys have pointed to throughout the merger is included within that. It seems like expense saves, you're more positive on. Revenue synergies are coming in a little bit lighter than you would expected in a couple of the buckets. Tax, more or less about in line a little bit better. So I guess I'm trying to tie it all together and just understand how you kind of got to your guidance and maybe why it wouldn't be a little bit higher. And then do you -- is the 25% EBITDA margin goal, is that embedded within the guidance that you set forth for 2018? 
John Haley: Yes. So I'll give you some thoughts, Elyse, and then maybe Michael will want to jump in too. But look, the 25% EBITDA goal is embedded within there also. I think what I would say is that when we thought about the 10 10, and you will remember from that, that back in 2016, we did the Analyst Day. We said everything doesn't have to go perfect. We have some things that can balance as to where they are. I think, frankly, we have a lot of things going right at the moment, and we feel pretty good about that, which we think gives us good momentum going into 2018. We did -- we do expect we'll lose about $0.06 a share as a result of the new tax bill. And so if you take the $0.06 a share and added that to our guidance, we have the 10 10, just about almost -- it wouldn't be quite dead centered, but it will be real close. But that's about where we had been targeting the whole time that we thought 10 10, we always said it wasn't a slam dunk by any means, but we thought we had a plan to get there, and I think we still feel that way. Mike, do want to add anything? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I was going to add, John, I mean, I think at lease back on the margin things, I mean, I think we've made those investments. We believe they will pay off going forward. We're obviously focused on a variety of different things. As John said, we have a lot of things going right. But obviously, we're planning for to drive it as a management team. But we'll have some things that will come up, and we think we put the appropriate measures in place. But we think that 25% makes sense, and therefore, rolls up to those overall goals, adjusted by taxes, as John said. 
Elyse Greenspan: The 25% is included in the 2018 target? 
Michael Burwell: It is. 
John Haley: Yes. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then as we think about the saves from the OIP and then the higher merger saves, as you guys come up with this guidance, just because it's really hard for us from the outside to see how much might actually be falling to the bottom line, is there any way you can kind of talk to how much bottom line savings you're seeing as you think about '18? And then this might relate to the saves going up. But I did notice the integration cost that you pull out of adjusted earnings went up in the quarter and was ahead of plan this year. What drove the higher cost there? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, so first off, Elyse, the higher costs were principally related to additional technology and real estate costs that we had been -- spent activities on. We also had the shareholder suit that came back overall in terms of what we spent additional money on, the $33 million that we had as it relates to the shareholder litigation. Settlement was included in there. So those are the principal biggest pieces of that incremental amount. On OIP, as John referenced, the $95 million, our best estimate of it right now is roughly around half that we've seen in terms of falling to the bottom line, and equally, we talked about $175 million next year in terms of what that looks like as an exit rate amount. So I know you're trying to go back to those pieces, but those are the biggest chunks that are included in there. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then one last question. It seems like it's taking a little bit longer for some of the larger account wins that you guys had pointed to with this merger. Is that something that maybe -- how do you think about '19? Is it something where you see these synergies continuing, maybe more coming in over the longer term? Or is it something where maybe the ability to gain a higher share in that market might just -- it's either taking longer? Or do you think you might not get to the original target? 
John Haley: No. We'll get to the original target and go past it. 
Operator: This does conclude our Q&A session. I would now like to turn the call back to Mr. John Haley for any further remarks. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks very much, everyone, for joining us this morning, and we look forward to talking with you or seeing you in March. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-02 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2017 Willis Towers Watson's Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded and will run for 60 minutes.
 I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Aida Sukys, Director of Investor Relations. 
Aida Sukys: Hi. Thanks, Emily. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson Earnings Call. On the call today, with me today -- on the call today are John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer; and Mike Burwell, our Chief Financial Officer.
 Please refer to our website for the press release issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone through tomorrow by dialing (404) 537-3406, conference ID 99179607. The replay will also be available for the next 3 months on our website.
 This call may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which may involve risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of forward-looking statements and the risks and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contemplated by our forward-looking statements, investors should review the Forward-Looking Statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning, a copy of which is available on our website at willistowerswatson.com as well as other disclosures under the heading of Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements in our most annual -- recent report on Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson filings with the SEC.
 Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this earnings call. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 During the call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a discussion of the non-GAAP financial measures as well as reconciliations to the non-GAAP financial measures, under Regulation G, to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, investors should review the press release we posted on our website. After our prepared remarks, we'll open the conference call for your questions.
 Now I'll turn the call over to John Haley. 
John Haley: Thanks, Aida, and good morning, everyone. Today, we'll review our results for the third quarter of 2017 and discuss the outlook for the remainder of 2017.
 However, before I get to the results this morning, I'd like to acknowledge those who've been impacted by any of the recent tragedies that have been experienced around the world. On behalf of all the Willis Towers Watson colleagues, I extend our heartfelt condolences to those who lost loved ones in the hurricanes, flooding, earthquakes, fires, landslides and the horrific events in Las Vegas and New York. Our thoughts are also with those who lost their homes and businesses and continue to deal with these life-changing events. A number of our own colleagues were also impacted by these events. Our thoughts are with them during this time of recovery.
 I also want to thank all of our colleagues for their swift action to help our clients before, during and in the aftermath of all of these events, with a special acknowledgment to our brokerage colleagues. Before the storms hit, our brokers were able to run proprietary models, which provided a cone of uncertainty to our clients, so they could focus resources on the locations which were most at risk. We were providing these updates 5 to 6 times a day. We contacted our clients with claim and contact data ahead of the storms and for those who were in the vicinity of the wildfires in California. Our forensic teams were out in full force within hours, and many more of our colleagues were called into the field to support them. Not only are our teams working with the carriers to try to expedite claim assessment and payment, but they're also trying to minimize losses after the fact and get our clients back on their feet as quickly as possible.
 1 example of this commitment came in the aftermath of Irma. A Willis Towers Watson broker worked with the carrier to track down a generator, so additional damage to a client's facility could be prevented. Even as many of our own colleagues were impacted by these events and were out of pocket, our commitment to our clients was and remains steadfast. Contingency plans were implemented to ensure our clients in the impacted areas had a point of contact. The collaboration and support among all of our colleagues exemplified Willis Towers Watson values. It's especially clear that in times like this, the commitment to our clients goes well beyond just securing an insurance policy.
 Now I'd like to move on to our third quarter results. Reported revenues for the quarter were $1.9 billion, up 4% as compared to the prior year third quarter and up 4% on both the constant-currency and organic basis. Reported revenues included $12 million of positive currency movement.
 We observed growth in all of our segments and regions for the quarter. Net loss for the quarter was $54 million, as compared to the prior year third quarter net loss of $31 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was up 17% and was $322 million, or 17.4% of total revenues, as compared to the prior year third quarter adjusted EBITDA of $275 million, or 15.5% of total revenues.
 For the quarter, diluted loss per share was $0.40 and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.12. Currency fluctuations net of hedging had no impact on the adjusted diluted EPS.
 Now let's look at each of the segments in more detail. As a reminder, beginning in 2017, we made certain changes that affected our segment results. These changes were detailed in the Form 8-K, we filed with the SEC on April 7, 2017. All of the revenue results discussed in the segment detail and guidance reflect commissions and fees constant currency, unless specifically stated otherwise.
 Our segment margins are calculated using total segment revenues and are before consideration of unallocated corporate cost, such as amortization of intangibles, restructuring cost and certain transaction and integration expenses, resulting from mergers and acquisition. The segment results include discretionary compensation.
 Total segment commissions and fees grew 3% on a constant-currency basis and 4% on an organic basis. Human Capital & Benefits, or HCB, commissions and fees growth was 2% and organic growth was 3%, as compared to the prior year third quarter.
 Our Technology and Administration Solutions, or TAS, revenues increased by almost 30%. All regions had strong growth, as we continued to implement new clients and provided additional support to existing clients in Great Britain with respect to the legislative changes.
 Health and Benefits commissions and fees growth was 2%, contributing to the year-to-date growth of 8%. This quarter's results were driven by the major increase in new global benefit appointments. North America's large market also continued to see strong growth in both project work and product sales, and middle market revenues grew modestly. Notably, these results were partially offset, as international revenues decreased due to the sale of our Global Wealth Solutions business.
 On an organic basis, international grew by 16%. Talent and Rewards commissions and fees grew 1%, primarily due to strong software sales, increased project work related to corporate transactions and growth in compensation surveys. This growth was somewhat offset by lower demand in the rewards advisory business.
 As expected, retirement commissions and fees were down by 2%. The lower demand for Bulk Lump Sum work in North America and a decline in special projects in Western Europe were partially offset by very strong growth in Great Britain. The growth in Great Britain was related to pension legislation and continued demand for derisking services.
 International also had strong growth, in large part due to our acquisition of Russell's actuarial business, earlier this year. The operating margin for the HCB segment was 19%, an increase of 1% from the prior year third quarter. Revenue growth in disciplined expense management contributed to the margin growth. Overall, we continued to have a very positive outlook for the HCB business in 2017.
 Now turning to Corporate Risk and Broking, or CRB. Constant currency and organic commissions and fees were up 4% as compared to the prior year third quarter. North America CRB had solid growth of 4%, driven by increased new business and strong retention in all regions. International had 15% growth as a result of increased new recurring business as well as excellent retention driven by Russia, South Africa and Asia, offset by softness in Latin America. Western Europe had solid growth led by Sweden and Benelux. Great Britain commissions and fees declined by about 1%, as a result of declines in transport and a strong comparable from the prior year. Client retention was approximately 92% this quarter.
 On a side note, I'd like to say how pleased I am with the progress the management team and all of our colleagues have made over the last few quarters. To see the growth in North America is a very positive sign. Not only do we have the management and regional market structure finalized, but I believe this is a turning point for the segment as exhibited by our results this quarter. The job of our leadership certainly doesn't end with the restructuring. Moving forward, the business will be managed in a continuous improving environment or what we call business as usual.
 The CRB segment had an 8% operating margin, flat to the prior year third quarter. The third quarter margin remained flat despite the revenue shortfall in Great Britain. We're very pleased with the momentum in our CRB business globally.
 Now to Investment, Risk and Reinsurance, or IRR. Constant currency and organic commissions and fees increased 2% as compared to the prior year third quarter. As a reminder, the Reinsurance line of business represents Treaty-based Reinsurance only. The Facultative Reinsurance results are captured in the CRB segment. Insurance, Consulting and Technology, or ICT, formally called Risk, Consulting and Software, lead the growth for the segment as a result of strong software sales, Reinsurance commissions and fees growth was flat as a result of positive timing in previous quarters and continued pricing pressure on renewals. However, overall renewals increased as a result of higher returns on U.S. investment income. Investment commission and fees were flat but revenues increased as a result of increased performance fees.
 Wholesale, Securities and Max Matthiessen grew slightly due to an increase in performance fees and new business as well as positive timing on some contracting. Commissions and fees were offset by a decline in the portfolio in underwriting business, driven by a loss of profit commissions following the Atlantic hurricanes, the cancellation of a contract and the divestiture of a number of our small programs in the portfolio.
 For the quarter, the Investment, Risk & Reinsurance segment had a 12% operating margin, flat to the prior year third quarter. We continue to feel very positive about the momentum of the IRR business for 2017. Not only is the core business doing well, but we're excited about some of the innovation taking place. For example -- well, I guess, one prominent example is the development of the Asset Management Exchange, or AMX. This exchange is a more efficient way for institutional investors and investment managers to transact with one another. It offers investors a smarter, easier and less expensive way to access their preferred investment managers by cutting the time needed and the expense occurred in operational tasks, like negotiating contracts, while at the same time, introducing an extra layer of risk monitoring. It also provides many of the same efficiencies for investment managers and it reduces their compliance burden while opening up a marketplace for a potentially new business. AMX is currently available in the U.K, in Ireland and Australia and has only been operational for 8 months. We already have more than $2 billion of assets on the exchange and are getting great traction in adding both investors and investment managers.
 So last, we've changed the name of Exchange Solutions to Benefit, Delivery and Administration, or BDA. Commissions and fees for BDA increased by 11% from the prior year third quarter. Driven by increased enrollment at our Individual Marketplace, which was formerly known as the Retiree and Access Exchanges. The Individual Marketplace commissions and fees increased by 9%. The rest of the segment increased by 15%. Increased membership and new clients drove the revenue increase in our Group Marketplace, and that was what was formerly known as the active employee exchange. The Health and Welfare in North America, pension outsourcing business continued to grow, primarily due to new clients and customized Active Exchange projects.
 So let me turn to the 2018 enrollments. As we mentioned in our previous earnings calls, we have 6 large clients with about 150,000 total lives that have committed for the 2018 enrollment period in our Group Marketplace. The mid-market sales season is winding down, and it won't be finalized really until later this month, but we expect to have enrolled approximately 35,000 lives by the end of December 2017.
 As we mentioned in our previous call, the Individual Marketplace exchange enrollment process is changing as the business matures. Enrollments will be spread more evenly throughout the year, so that while we may have 70,000 to 80,000 retirees enrolled during 2018, only about 30,000 are scheduled to enroll for January 1, 2018. The BDA segment had a 20% operating margin, as compared to 14% in the prior year third quarter. The Individual Marketplace business was primarily responsible for the increase in margin, as our seasonal staffing models were aligned with the expected pacing of enrollments during the year.
 While there are elements of this business, which continue to evolve, we like the direction the business is taking and continued to be optimistic about the long-term growth of the BDA business.
 So moving on to our merger synergy objectives in the Operational Improvement Program, or OIP. As we've discussed in past calls, we surpassed our tax rate objective of obtaining a 25% tax rate by the end of calendar 2017, and we're on track to achieve the net $125 million in cost synergies when we exit 2018. All savings initiatives will be completed and project management resources and costs will be eliminated as of this December 31, 2017. We expect to meet our savings goals of $95 million, and this is an important driver in achieving our 25% adjusted EBITDA margin.
 Our merger objectives also identified 3 specific areas of revenue synergies: Global Health solutions: the U.S. mid-market exchange; and large market P&C. We've already achieved nearly 60% of our 3-year Global Health solutions synergy sales goals. The average sale size has increased over 2016, and the sales pipeline continues to be quite strong. We're extremely pleased with the progress we've made in this service offering. The mid-market sales exchange process for the January 2018, enrollment implementations is winding down, and unlike the mid -- the large market sales, we expect to see a decrease in our year-over-year sales. The sales pipeline, that remain strong, but we've seen clients delaying decisions, and we think this may be related to the long-running ACA debate. Now the ACA [indiscernible] impact our clients, but we seem to experience a pause whenever there's debate around healthcare legislation. We continue to believe their significant potential for the mid-market exchange business and that we continue to be focused on its growth.
 Finally turning to the P&C synergies. We've won almost 40 assignments in the large market. As discussed in the last earnings call, most of the wins are generating modest revenue, but we have a strong pipeline, are adding key resources and continue to enhance our marketing strategies. Overall, we like the momentum in the large market space.
 So I'd like to thank all of our clients for placing their trust in our company to assist them with important risk and human capital issues. I also want to thank our colleagues for their continued client focus, collaboration engagement and to congratulate everyone on a very good quarter.
 I'm also pleased to introduce Mike Burwell, our new CFO. For those of you who've not seen the press release announcing Mike's appointment, he has extensive experience in accounting, finance, M&A and organizational transformation. We couldn't possibly have asked for a better fit for Willis Towers Watson, and I couldn't be happier to have Mike as part of the team. Now I'll turn the call over to Mike. 
Michael Burwell: Thanks, John. Thanks very much for those kind words, and good morning to everyone. I'm very excited to be here as well. I'm looking forward to executing the role of CFO, working with our board, John and the entire leadership team as well as our 41,000 colleagues around the world here at Willis Towers Watson, as we look to deliver 2018 merger objectives and share our long-term vision well beyond next year.
 So now for some additional insight into our financial results. Income from operations for the quarter was $41 million, or 2.2% of revenues. The prior year third quarter operating income was $1 million, or 0.1% of total revenues. Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $287 million or 15.5% of total revenues, an increase of 18% over the prior year quarter, adjusted operating income of $243 million or 13.7% of total revenues. The key drivers were strong revenue growth and prudent expense management.
 I'll also like to touch base on taxes. I'll like to provide you with some additional insight, as it relates to our U.S. GAAP and adjusted tax rates. U.S. GAAP tax rate for the quarter was negative 53%, and the adjusted tax rate was 32.1%. The negative 53% U.S. GAAP tax rate is primarily a result of tax expense associated with the discrete tax item recorded in the third quarter regarding an internal tax restructuring. The adjusted tax rate of 32.1% is a result of our seasonality in our earnings. We continue to reiterate our 2007 (sic) [ 2017 ] adjusted tax rate guidance of 23% to 24% for the entire year.
 Included in other expense, income line -- on our income statement is $10 million loss on the sale of our Global Wealth Solutions business. This line item also includes the impact of our currency hedging program.
 Moving on to our balance sheet. We continue to have a very strong financial position. This quarter, we repurchased approximately $166 million of Willis Towers Watson stock, bringing the total for the year to $462 million. As it was discussed in our Form 10-Q, we also settled the shareholder appraisal lawsuit related to the Willis-Towers merger, this past quarter. As part of the settlement, we paid approximately $211 million to settle the shareholder lawsuit, which resulted in the cancellation of more than 1.4 million shares. This cancellation had the same impact as a buyback and then -- that reduced the number of outstanding shares. As of September 30, 2017, the remaining stock repurchase authority was $671 million. The canceled shares related to litigation are also excluded from the share buyback authority. As you may recall, our expectation was to buy back about $0.5 billion of shares for 2017.
 Through September 30, we've spent $669 million in stock buybacks, which includes the cancellation of shares relating to the settlement on the shareholder litigation.
 Free cash flow for the first 9 months of 2017 was $317 million, a decrease from $470 million for the same period in the prior year. The year-over-year variance was related to an increase in days sales outstanding, specifically in the southern part of United States; our capital spending cost in the prior year for our increase in integration efforts; the interest charges and cost related to the shareholder appraisal settlement; and the 2017 bonus payments.
 As we mentioned in our last earnings call, on a year-to-date basis, we paid out full year of bonuses in March 2017, as compared to a partial bonus payments related to the timing of the merger in 2016.
 One additional note regarding the shareholder appraisal settlement. If we consider the total settlement of $211 million, which included the $33 million consisting of statutory interest and other charges, we were able to cancel the shares at approximately $150 per share, a discount from the current market pricing. The fourth quarter is generally a seasonally strong free cash generator for us, and we will continue to focus on enhancing free cash flow as we wind down fiscal of 2017.
 Now let's review our guidance for 2017 for Willis Towers Watson. We now expect constant currency revenue growth for 2017 to be around 3%. We continue to expect adjusted EBITDA margin to be in the 23% to 24% range for the entire year. For segment revenues, we continue to expect low single-digit constant currency commissions and fees growth for HCB and CRB. IRR commissions and fees are expected to be in the range of low to mid-single-digit growth. Benefits, Delivery and Administration expects to have commissions and fee growth of approximately 10%.
 Before moving on to the rest of the guidance, I'd like to address the potential of pricing increases in the market. We'll be issuing our Marketplace Realities annual report for North American insurance buyers shortly. This report, which is based on carrier discussions and update loss -- updated loss projections, states that we expect to see rate increases in the property CAT and property CAT with loss products. I'd highlight that the rate increases in a couple of products in an otherwise expansive market is not an indicator of an overall hardening market or that Willis Towers Watson will benefit from these increases in any meaningful way. There are many variables to assess, such as client reactions and carrier competition, to fully understand the impact to our future results.
 Now moving on to transaction integration expenses. We had projected integration expenses of approximately $200 million earlier this year. We're now expecting this to approach $240 million for 2017 due to the $33 million transaction expense incurred related to the shareholder appraisal settlement. We continue to expect the adjusted tax rate to be 23% to 24% for the full year, adjusted diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $8.36 to $8.51. Again, annual guidance assumes average currency exchange rates of $1.28 to the pound and $1.13 to the euro. We expect approximately $10 million of expense associated with our currency hedging programs in the fourth quarter. This expense flows through other expense income below the income from operations line. The hedging program excludes the potential impact for balance sheet movements.
 Before I turn the call back to John, I'd like to address plans to communicate how the forthcoming revenue recognition standards will impact our results. We anticipate filing an 8-K and hosting a call to review the changes later this year. Consistent with transition requirements, we plan to report our results in parallel with our current methodology and under that the new guidelines, for all 4 quarters of 2018. This will allow the investment community to track changes in the quarter. There'll be no need to recalibrate our 2018 merger objectives.
 Additionally, we'll be hosting Analyst Day on March 16, 2018. I also look forward to meeting our analysts and investors in the following months.
 I'll turn it back to John. 
John Haley: Okay, thanks very much, Mike. And now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Greg Peters from Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: I wanted to follow up on your comments around the margin improvement -- the operating margin, or lack thereof, of improvement in CRB. As we look forward to future quarters, is there any seasonality around the expected rate of improvement in adjusted EBITDA or operating margins? 
John Haley: I don't know, Greg. We have -- We certainly have seasonality in the revenues overall through the quarters. Seasonality in the margin improvement, I think, is probably a little less pronounced than that. So we'll be looking to -- in some ways, some of those -- the margin improvements are a lot like the tax rate, where we focus on the annual result as opposed to its distribution among the quarters too much. 
Charles Peters: Right. Well, and I -- and I've observed, if I just look at the adjusted EBITDA on a year-to-date basis, there's only a 60 basis point improvement. And I would've expected to track a little bit higher than that, but it's in line with your guidance. 
John Haley: Yes. 
Charles Peters: Maybe you came at it from a different way. I know you've established 25% adjusted EBITDA margin as, sort of, your longer-term target. And I think some of the integration savings are expected to be fully realized when you exit 2018. So can you provide us some perspective on that longer-term target? And where you are in that process? 
John Haley: Yes. So I think I'll make a couple comments and Mike may want to weigh in on this too. But -- look, a lot of the -- as you know, we're winding down OIP now. And we've had some of our -- I referenced the $95 million in savings, we expected from OIP -- or the $95 million we spent for some of the savings to come in, and I think we'll probably get a little less than half of that flowing through to margins. But we see some of that has come in already, but actually a big chunk of that will be coming in, in 2018. So we'll see some of the savings that'll continue to come in there. I think overall though, as we look at the -- we'll come out with our guidance for 2018 on the next call, but there's nothing that we've seen that makes us back off our 25% EBITDA for the next year. Mike, do you want to... 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I would just add, John. I mean, if you look at through quarter, you see the reduction in salaries and benefits overall. You see it in terms of other cost reductions, that are happening. Uniquely, it's offset, obviously, by inflation that's come into place, but you're seeing that overall improvement happening. So I think that glide path, there's nothing there right now that tells us -- that suggests to us that we shouldn't meet that EBITDA margin of 25% by the end of 2018. 
Charles Peters: Right, so that, John, just to clarify, the 25% target was by the end of 2018. It wasn't for the full year, I believe? 
John Haley: That's correct. Yes. 
Michael Burwell: That's correct. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Dave Styblo from Jefferies. 
David Styblo: Just come back on organic growth, you guys had a strong quarter, 4%. I think, it was better than the 3%, what the industry were looking for. And to come back on the margin, I guess, I would've expected margins to be a little bit better and outperform on that side. A couple of the areas I know, Greg was just asking about CRB seemed not to have the uplift that we would've thought and the same thing in IRR, where margins were up nicely year-over-year in the first and -- first quarter and second quarter, if you adjust for JLT, but the third quarter margins in IRR were actually down if you back out the $7 million of higher interest and other income. So, just curious to understand again, why we didn't see more leverage in the business, was there a timing aspect and then as you go forward and realize more of these synergies, should we expect more of that future flow of -- through in the fourth quarter, as you exit the year? Or when you talk about exiting this year, is the impact more as you get into 2018? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, I -- we're continuing to see the directional improvement happening overall. We definitely see IRR having higher revenues in the first half of the year and in terms of what those numbers actually drive to. And I've -- you see pretty good EBITDA growth overall in terms of the numbers themselves. So look, we'd always love more, but we feel pretty good about with the numbers are. 
David Styblo: Okay. Mike, maybe, as you are stepping into the seat, I just -- I'm curious to hear what your mandate is? What are the top 3 or 4 priorities that you're working through? And maybe some early takes of what you've observed so far being in the CFO seat. 
Michael Burwell: Well, I mean, the mandates aren't different than the objectives that John has laid out in -- from previously, in terms of execution on that and executing in the CFO role. I've been really frankly pleased with the depth and breadth of the people that exist at Willis Towers Watson. The individual leaders of individual business segments are very strong individuals, and my impressions of them and their ability to be able to drive and lead us to the objectives that we've put forth, I've felt a lot of confidence in them, and I really look forward to working with them. So I've been even more pleased then I went through the interview process in terms of interacting with people and what that means. And I think, I'll go back to what John said at the outset of this call, when he talked about colleagues and what they do for our clients, and how they help and work with each other. I mean, the culture at Willis Towers Watson is one about serving clients, and that's -- ultimately, that's what it's about and I've been truly impressed with how people have serviced and worked with their clients and the various stakeholders that we have overall. So I guess, my initial views, like I am continuing to formulate in terms of what those specifically mean, but I've been very impressed that -- I was just starting week 4 here in terms of being here at Willis Towers Watson. 
David Styblo: Okay. And then lastly, just on the portfolio itself, it sounds like you guys made a little bit of pruning a few -- a couple of divestitures at least. If you go forward, how much more trimming or reshaping of the portfolio do you think you have to go? And as you look forward to M&A opportunities, are there things in the pipeline that look very attractive to you guys? Or do you have more of a bias towards buyback, as you just want to continue to work on integrating the 2 businesses and not get distracted by another other deal, potentially? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean, I think, as we said in the press release, overall, I mean, we'll continue to look at the portfolio where things -- whether they make the right strategic alignment for us or not. But we don't see anything big or imminent that's there in terms of our overall thinking. We -- but we will continue to refine and align our strategies and look at assets that make sense. We'll equally look at as we -- you've seen throughout the year, look at acquisitions where they make sense to be niche businesses and tie back into it. Really, our focus is on delivering -- continue to deliver, what we've put forth in our integration efforts and synergies, going forward. So that's my thoughts, John, anything you'd add to that? 
John Haley: No. I think that's right. I think, look, we -- this has been a relatively complex merger, and this is required all of our time and attention during this first couple of years. We always said that in the longer run, we thought M&A would be a part of it and I think we're at the point now where we could potentially contemplate somethings, but we are still mostly focused on just making this merger as successful as we can. Let me just make a -- one quick point too, about -- I think, as we talk about the margins, I mean, I think, one of the things we looked at is the 17% increase in EBITDA. So we're pretty excited about the margins we had overall. There are some things that happened in -- underneath this thing as to how things get allocated. So for example, I think with the aggressive [indiscernible] integration last year, we didn't allocate a lot of corporate expenses to them, and we had them in other places. This year, we're allocating corporate expenses to them. So it makes the margins is CRB look a little bit worse, but we are really focused on the overall 17% increase in EBITDA. We have a next question? 
Operator: Your next question comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: And first, congrats to Mike for the new role. My first question is, sort of, if you're looking back a year ago where you have your Analyst Day, you layout, like, 3, like, drivers for your [ 10 10 ] target in 2018. How do you feel like a year later, your confidence level in each of those? 
John Haley: Yes. So I think, if you look at our EBITDA, the 25%, getting to that by the end of 2018. That's still something that we are -- that's just something that we're continuing to drive towards. And as I said it, that's not anything that we've been backing off there. We talked about share repurchase also, and I think we talked about share repurchase between -- somewhere between 2 million and 8 million, or something like that. So far, we've repurchased I think through September 30, 4.8 million -- 4.7 million, 4.8 million, somewhere around there. So we're well into where we'd intended to be there. We look at the revenue growth, and we were looking at revenue growth figures between -- somewhere between 2.5% and 4.5% or so, or something like that. And we're now delivering solid margin growth in the 3% to 4% for each quarter. So I think, as we look at all of those, we still have work -- we have not yet put together our 2018 guidance on the specific things, but when we look at the different targets we've been setting ourselves -- oh, and finally, the other one, of course, was the tax rate, but as we talked about, you've already gotten to where we wanted to there. We look at all these things, and we say, we feel some confidence that we can attack these and get to where we want to be. 
Kai Pan: Okay, that's great. My follow-up question is on your free cash flow. I think you're talking about in the past of getting to that $1.3 billion run rate by the end of 2018. I just wonder, as your free cash will grow, how do you allocate then in term of the buybacks and maybe on the deleverage side or acquisitions and also on the buybacks, as your stock has appreciated quite a bit so far this year? And do you think it's still attractive return for you guys to continue to the buybacks? 
John Haley: Yes, so I think, look, we had talked about wanting to maintain a low investor grade rating -- investment grade rating. And so I think, we'll continue to do that. I don't think we'll see -- we're not anticipating to do significant deleveraging or anything there. But to keep that -- but to be solidly in that low investment grade rating, that'll free up a lot of our free cash flow for other purposes. We -- as we said earlier, well, we've been looking at potential acquisitions and we'll continue to do that. When we model it there, we still find our stock to be an attractive use of our cash and buying that back. And so we have to balance all of those. But I wouldn't -- I think, unless something unusual were to come along, I wouldn't expect to see any significant decline in our buying back shares, and I think, we'd continue to use most of our free cash flow for that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: John, is there anything that was pulled forward into the third quarter or anything that was unusual in terms of the 4% organic growth? And what I'm driving at over here is the organic -- the growth guidance was nudged up from like 2% to 3% to 3%, but you've grown 3% plus, I think, a little bit in the first half of the year, now 4%, and is there any reason, why you shouldn't be above 3% for the whole year? 
John Haley: No, I think, look, we -- Shlomo, we had 3%, I guess, for the whole fourth quarter here, and we did 4% -- we had 2% to 3%, I guess, for the fourth quarter, and we did 4% and we nudged it up to 3%. We're not trying to fine tune this all that much beyond that, but somewhere around 3%, we think sounds reasonable. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay, that's fair. And then can you just give us a little bit of a free cash flow walk just talking about some of the, maybe, onetime items in the year to date. I think you talked about the $211 million on the settlement, but are there other thing we should talk about in terms of getting a good baseline in 2018, as we think about the exit 2019 -- excuse me, 2017 as we talk about the exit 2019 target of somewhere around $1.3 billion? 
John Haley: Sure, I'll get a -- I think I'll turn it over to Mike, Shlomo, to take you through that but actually [ best ] before I move on to that, I might mention something from your previous question, which triggered a thought that the third quarter of 2017 is an unusual quarter for Willis Towers Watson, in that there's nothing unusual about it. This is the first time that we don't have some really big distorting event in either our current quarter or the quarter a year ago or something like that. And so when you asked about things being pulled forward or something, I mean there's always the little things around the margin. But by and large, it's a relatively clean quarter, and we couldn't be happier about that. 
Michael Burwell: Yes, and coming back on your free cash flow question, Shlomo, I mean, we still believe there's nothing that's changing our mind in terms of looking at the '18 target we're had out there at $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion, free cash looking out through the end of '18. If you look specifically at '17 or this quarter, what the difference is -- as referenced in my comments, one is, really looking at bonus payments. So this year we had a full year of bonus payments where in the prior year, we only had a partial year of those bonus payments. We did see a DSO rise in the current quarter, and I referenced the southern part of the United States, but as you relate to certain parts of the hurricane and some of those disasters impacted the processing and payment abilities of certain of our clients and customers and stakeholders to get that money in, and we believe that we'll see that return here in the fourth quarter, and equally we had integration spending happening as a key driver as you see in the numbers for the fourth quarter. So those are their principal things or the primary things that were really driving that change in free cash flow. 
Operator: Your next question comes from James Naklicki from Citi. 
James Naklicki: Just a follow-up on the last question there. So on the free cash flow, the $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion, just to clarify that, is that a 2018 number or is that an exit 2018 number? And then, my second question -- well, I guess, you can answer that one and then we'll go in the that -- so then I have a follow-up. 
Michael Burwell: That there is a 2018 number. 
James Naklicki: Okay, and looking at the business, you just restructured it. You are our selling new business again. Then I look at the organic growth rates, it's been 3% to 4% this year. Is that, sort of, what should we -- we should expect from the company in the future, or do you think it could actually improve from there? 
Michael Burwell: Yes, I mean I, obviously -- I'm excited about the prospects of what you see happening in the marketplace and with clients or customers, but John, I'll defer to your thoughts. 
John Haley: Yes, I mean, look, I think, if we look at our overall businesses that we're in, we think that probably about 3% is what the market is growing at. Now, as we go through the different segments and the different lines of business, you can see that they all have their own individual growth rates. But probably about 3% is right for the organization as a whole. We've been focused on making sure we're growing at least as fast as the market, and that's what we've accomplished this year. We were slightly ahead, I think, this year with that. But in the long run, we won't be satisfied with just growing at the market, we want to be growing faster than that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: So my first question, I guess, just a little bit more color on the CRB segment, the 4% growth was a nice pick up in the quarter. Can that level of growth continue from here? I mean, is that what you have embedded in, kind of, your 3% overall outlook, you just mentioned? And included within that question, you alluded to maybe not potentially seeing a benefit in your growth from the improving property and property CAT pricing. And maybe this is a more broader brokerage question as opposed to just CRB, can we get a breakdown of your business mix between commissions and fees just on the brokerage side of the business? 
John Haley: Yes. So let's see, let me deal with the second one first. It's about 65% is the roughly commissions, right, I think? 
Michael Burwell: Yes. 
John Haley: That's not an exact number, Elyse, but it's roughly right. 
Elyse Greenspan: Oh, and then on the... 
John Haley: I'm sorry, the first part of the -- the first question was? 
Elyse Greenspan: The first question was just in terms of the CRB growth, the 4%? 
John Haley: Growth, yes. Yes. Right, I mean, look, I think, I wouldn't want to take one quarter and say that's going to be exactly what we're going to be doing. But we've been growing at about 3% or better this whole year, and I think that's what we think -- that's what we probably be planning for, for next year. And in the prior question, I said we want to be a company that's going to be growing above the market in the long run. But I think what we're focused now is making sure that we are solidly in it, that 3% area, year-after-year, and then we'll try to move on from that. The third quarter is probably our lowest quarter anyway, so I don't want read too much into that. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great, and then I have a tax question. So you guys alluded to achieving the tax saves associated with the merger. There is, obviously, some upcoming potential changes to the U.S. tax structure. So as the U.S. tax rate goes to 20% and interest deductibility is limited, how do you see that potential changes to the U.S. tax structure impacting Willis Towers Watson's overall tax rates and kind of the 23% to 24% rate that you guys are running at? 
John Haley: Yes. So this is one of these things, Elyse, where the devil really is in the details. So if we -- I think, for example, when you say limits on interest deductibility, it depends very much on what those limits are, of how they do it -- as to how it would affect us. Here's what I think we could tell you, and probably what we would look at as the worst case, if the U.S. went to a 20% rate, and there were severe limits on interest deductibility, it could actually make our tax rate go up 1% or so. That's if we did nothing and presumably, we would be able to -- our current structures isn't the best and so we would be able to get back to where we were eventually or maybe even a little better. But if you get to the 20% rate and depending on how some other things are done, some particular details there, we could actually be better off. So we don't know for right now, we don't think it's going to be a major impact to us one way or another, and certainly, whatever happens, we'll have to make sure that we have our taxes structured in the most-efficient tax planning we can. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then one more modeling question if I could ask. At unallocated expense line, seems -- there seems to be a lot of volatility on a quarterly basis. I believe earlier, you mentioning -- you mentioned bringing some expenses down to the segments this year that maybe was not the case last year. Is that part of what we're seeing? Also, there was a benefit this Q3 that was higher than last Q3. Just some, kind of, direction of how we could think about modeling that line going forward and what should we expect in the fourth quarter? Does your guidance assume corporate -- if that line would see expenses about in line with last Q4, the $36 million? 
John Haley: Okay. I mean, Mike is the expert on the expense line, so Mike I'll pass it over to you. 
Michael Burwell: So the number for this quarter that you're reading, the $1 million in there is actually a benefit, and the benefit is related to bonus -- principally related to bonus payments. So those -- the segments have been charged the bonus amounts, and we have reversed a bit at the topside and, therefore, in the fourth quarter we'll reallocate that back out to the actual segments themselves. So actually, their margins have been a bit penalized because it hasn't been allocated fully out to them at this stage but that will get cleaned up. In the fourth quarter, I would expect a fairly small or modest number there on that line item because when we close the books out, everything has been allocated back out. And it's just a timing issue in terms of how things are actually done from a bookkeeping standpoint. 
John Haley: But just to make it 100% clear, the margins at the organization level, at the whole company level are correct. What happens is, we -- and we have some expenses that we don't -- that are too high for the segments essentially is what happens and to the extent they're too high, we just do that, we put that in the unallocated bucket and get back to the right ones. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Marcon from Baird. 
Mark Marcon: Welcome, Mike. Just -- look forward to working with you. With regards to what is now called the DBA segment, how should we think about just the underlying savings that are being provided to the clients? Are they still seeing the same, sort of, savings on what was -- what used to be formerly called the Active Exchange? And how are you thinking about the prospects of those savings going forward? And should -- if there are in fact savings, shouldn't we continue to see growth in that area over time? 
John Haley: Yes, I think the answer is that this is still an attractive business for the clients in that regard. We're seeing -- certainly on the active side we're seeing at least 5% I think for our clients there. Depending on what their particular configuration is and where they're coming from, the 5% to 15% is certainly in the range. But we're seeing at least 5%, so we're continuing to see larger increases for the retirees. That's still a very attractive proposition. So all of the financial advantages to -- and there's nothing that's happened that's changed the financial advantages to going to exchanges. And so it's one of the reasons why we said, despite the natural reticence of people to maybe make moves in the middle of a big debate about ACA or other potential healthcare legislation, we're pretty excited about the longer-run future of exchanges. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And then if I could just get a little bit of clarification in terms of the intent with regards to the -- your question 3 within the press release, specifically about rate increases within Property & Casualty. Generally speaking, all other things being equal. If we get rate increases, that would typically be better for business, no? 
John Haley: Oh, yes. If we get rate increases it would be better for business. I think the caution there is -- let me say this, rate increases will -- are like -- rate increases are in the first blush are likely to increase our commissions and fees. Now one thing that could happen is, of course, sometimes people might buy less insurance or buy less reinsurance if rates are higher, so you have to factor that potential behavior in there. The other thing we were saying is, you have to know which lines of business the rates increases are coming through to understand what the impact is on the company, and we just don't want to rush to any conclusions about that. 
Mark Marcon: Sure. And so you, just to clarify the intent of the comment. It's basically in order to make sure that people don't get ahead of themselves but at the end of the day, it's hard to imagine how this wouldn't be positive. 
John Haley: Well, yes. I mean, yes, yes, Mark, although there's a -- potentially a lot of capital sitting on the sidelines that -- alternative capital that could flow into the market. And certainly, in 2006, after the big events in 2005, we saw an enormous influx of alternative capital. So I just -- I think anybody can who tells you they know what's going to happen for sure is that -- the one thing you can be sure is they probably don't know what they're talking about. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Cohen from Bank of America. 
Jay Cohen: Yes. Most of my questions were answered. Just one follow-up from the Elyse's question on the unallocated. You kind of explained what happened this quarter, but looking forward, can you give us any guidance, should it be a positive number, a negative number, or should we just assume 0 for that line? 
John Haley: Yes. I would say that assuming 0, I think the most important thing for this though to recognize is that, if for one reason or another, we've been accruing expenses inside a segment that is too large or too small, then we're truing it up, so that we get to the right thing for the organization. And so at the organizational level, it's -- it doesn't matter whether we put it in the segments and we have unallocated at 0 or whether we charge it in the segments and then reverse it in unallocated, it -- you're getting to the right number. 
Jay Cohen: That makes sense. Really from a modeling standpoint, it makes sense to put the 0, and if it is different than 0, there's an offset somewhere else, probably. 
John Haley: Exactly. 
Michael Burwell: Exactly. 
Jay Cohen: That's great. And then the other question, benefits delivery. The margin there increased pretty significantly, year-over-year. Anything unusual happening in that number or hurting the year-ago quarter? 
John Haley: No. I think there's 2 aspects to that. And we have always said that when -- in the times when growth slows, then we would see an increase in margins, and so what happens is, we had more folks that we were enrolling January 1, 2017, than we're expecting to enroll January 1, 2018. So that means, we needed more benefits -- benefit colleagues to be taking the phone calls in the last quarter of 2016 than we do the last quarter of 2017. So the expenses are a bit more favorable. In addition, as you may recall, we really beefed up the thing last year to make sure we were addressing some performance issues we had there in terms of handling the rights volume of calls. So we probably had a little bit of an extra spend there, but those two things are doing it. But it's a natural consequence to that. One of the other things I mentioned in the script was that in 2018, we expect to see a more even distribution. So we're not seeing as many of the enrollments occurring exactly on January 1, 2018. As we get that distributed throughout the year, it gives us better expense management. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Adam Klauber with William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: HCB had a good quarter. I think you said Global Wealth -- the sale of Global Wealth and also retirement solutions were drag on that business. What would've been organic or underlying growth, excluding those drags for HCB? 
John Haley: Oh boy, I -- do we have that write-off in? Just 1 second. 
Adam Klauber: Sure. 
John Haley: About 3%. 
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. And I think you mentioned, in that division, the technology delivery did very, very well. Could you go in more detail, what was driving that? 
John Haley: Well, we've been our -- our TAS is basically -- its benefits, administration, operation and I think we've been talking about this for a number of quarters now. We've just had a fantastic record of winning there, and the team does a terrific job in servicing their clients and we've been -- we've just continued to add lots of new clients. 
Adam Klauber: Okay. So those -- as we think those revenues if you're adding new clients today, we should see those clients continue to add to revenues next quarter, next quarter, if I am correct, is that right? 
John Haley: Yes, that's correct. 
Operator: I would now like to turn the conference back to John Haley. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks very much for joining us today, everyone, and I look forward to talking to you at our fourth quarter earnings call in February. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may all disconnect.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-03 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, my name is Rob, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q2 2017 Willis Towers Watson Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Ms. Aida Sukys, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference. 
Aida Sukys: Thanks, Rob, good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson earnings call. On the call today are John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer; and Roger Millay, our Chief Financial Officer.
 Please refer to our website for the press release issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone through tomorrow by dialing (404) 537-3406, conference ID 51174595. The replay will also be available for the next 3 months at our website.
 This call may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, involving risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of forward-looking statements and the risks and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking statements, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning, a copy of which is available on our website at willistowerswatson.com as well as other disclosures under the heading of Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in other Willis Watson filings with the SEC.
 Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this earnings call. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 During the call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a discussion of the non-GAAP financial measures as well as reconciliations to the non-GAAP financial measures under Regulation G to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, investors should review the press release we posted on our website.
 After our prepared remarks, we'll open the conference call for your questions. Now I'll turn the call over to John Haley. 
John Haley: Thank you, Aida, and good morning, everyone. Today, we'll review our results for the second quarter of 2017 and discuss outlook for the remainder of 2017. Reported revenues for the quarter were $1.95 billion, thats flat as compared to the prior year second quarter, up 2% on both a constant currency and organic basis. Adjusted revenues for the quarter declined 1% as compared to the prior year second quarter, but were up 1% on both the constant currency and organic basis. Reported and adjusted revenues include $43 million of negative currency movement. As a reminder, adjusted revenues for the second quarter of 2016 include $26 million of revenue, which was not recognized as GAAP revenue due to purchase accounting rules. The second quarter of 2016 was the last quarter for such adjustments.
 As a reminder, the $41 million settlement we received from JLT for the Fine Arts and Jewelry business was included in the second quarter 2016 revenues. In the second quarter of 2017, we received $6 million in settlement payments, primarily related to the loss of a team in South Florida.
 As we mentioned in the first quarter, revenues were positively impacted due to the timing of the Easter holiday, timing of renewals and work that derived from regulatory changes. Therefore, in reviewing the results, our 6-month results more accurately reflect the business momentum. For the first half of 2017, reported total revenue growth was 2% as compared to the same period in the prior year, and up 4% on both the constant currency and organic basis. Adjusted revenues for the first half of 2017 increased 1% as compared to the same period in the prior year, up 3% on both a constant currency and organic basis. Adjusted revenues for the first half of a 2016 include $58 million of revenue not recognized due to purchase accounting rules. Reported and adjusted revenues include $93 million of negative currency movement for the first half of the year.
 Net income for the quarter was $41 million as compared to the prior year's second quarter net income of $76 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $387 million or 19.8% of revenues as compared to the prior year second quarter adjusted EBITDA of $406 million or 20.6% of adjusted revenues. Net income for the first half of 2017 was $393 million as compared to the same period and the prior year net income of $321 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the first half of 2017 was $1.10 or -- sorry, $1.1 billion or 25.6% of revenues as compared to the first half in the prior year adjusted EBITDA of $1.08 billion or 25.4% of adjusted revenues.
 As a reminder, the first quarter is seasonally strong and margin is seasonally lower in subsequent quarters. As expected, the second quarter margin came in softer than the first. In addition to the seasonality, the 2016 JLT settlement negatively impacted margin comparison by 2 percentage points. While the second quarter margin enhancement may be masked somewhat by the JLT settlement, we're very pleased with our efforts this quarter with expense management.
 For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $0.24 and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.45. Currency fluctuations net of hedging had a negative impact of $0.06 on adjusted diluted EPS. 
 Before moving on to the segment results, I'd like to provide an update on 3 areas of integration: revenue synergies, cost synergies and tax savings. I'll start with revenue synergies. Our merger objective identified 3 specific areas of revenue synergies: global health solutions, the U.S. REIT market exchange and large market P&C. We've already achieved approximately 46% of our 3-year global health solutions synergies sales goal, and the sales pipeline continues to be robust. Integrated global management of employee health benefits brings a clear value-add to our clients, and that is showing through in the results of our sales effort. It's still a bit early to make any conclusions on the mid-market exchange progress as the sales season continues into November. However, we have a strong sales pipeline as we see the interest in the mid-market maintaining the momentum we experienced last year. 
 Finally, we've won 18 large company P&C broker assignments in the first half of this year. We've been refining our marketing strategy into a more targeted approach and are pleased with the number of wins we've had to date. Our win rates in the large market are somewhat higher than the mid-market, but there are fewer proposals in the large market. While the initial wins are generating modest revenues, we feel positive about the development of key relationships, which we hope to expand on in an effort to help us achieve our long-term growth objectives.
 As we mentioned previously, we surpassed our original goal of a 25% adjusted tax rate a full year ahead of schedule. Our 2017 guidance anticipated achieving $30 million in merger-related savings. We continue to feel confident in achieving our 2017 savings objective and the overall savings goal of $125 million as we exit 2018.
 Now turning to the Operational Improvement Program or OIP. We continue to anticipate generating an additional $95 million of savings as we exit 2017. Most of the benefits associated with the saving program will impact 2018, and many of these programs are weighted to the second half of 2017. The program remains on track to be completed at the end of 2017. We continue to see progress in driving OIP and merger-related savings to the bottom line, but cost in margin management will remain a priority. 
 Now let's look at each of the segments in more detail. As a reminder, beginning in 2017, we made certain changes that affected our segment results. These changes were detailed in the Form 8-K we filed with the SEC on April 7, 2017.
 For the quarter, total segment constant currency commissions and fees grew 2%. Constant currency commissions and fees for Human Capital & Benefits increased 1%; Corporate Risk and Broking increased 1%; Investment, Risk & Reinsurance increased 3%; and Exchange Solutions increased 15%. All of the revenue results discussed in the segment detail and guidance reflect commission and fees constant currency, unless specifically stated otherwise.
 So turning to Human Capital & Benefits or HCB. Commissions and fees constant currency growth was 1% and organic growth was flat. For the first half of the year, on an organic basis, HCB commissions and fees growth was 3%. As I mentioned earlier, due to the timing of Easter and early renewals, comparing the first half results year-over-year is a better indicator of business momentum than quarter-over-quarter.
 Retirement commissions and fees were down by 2%. Great Britain experienced strong growth this quarter, however, was offset by declines in Western Europe due to the timing of Easter and in North America, as a result of lower demand for both lump-sum projects. The growth in Great Britain was a result of increased actuarial project demand, primarily work relating to legislative changes. 
 Talent and Rewards commissions and fees were down 1%, primarily due to a decline in new business in North America with an overall increase of commissions and fees in the 3 other regions. As we discussed in our previous earnings call, the implementation of our new organizational structure and restructuring impeded our market focus at the end of last year. We're still on track to generate growth as the year progresses and have already seen progress in our new business efforts, with steady increases in our pipeline each month.
 Health and Benefits have a strong commission and fee growth as a result of increased service to large market clients in North America, implementation and expansion of our global benefit management for multinational clients and strong client retention in new business outside North America. Notably, timing of renewals in France and Spain created some softness in Western Europe for the quarter, though the year-to-date growth was nearly double digit. 
 Technology and Administration Solutions, or TAS, continue to produce strong results globally as we on boarded new clients in Great Britain and Western Europe and provided additional support to existing clients with respect to the U.K. legislative changes I mentioned earlier.
 As a side note, HCB revenues included a $5 million settlement related to the departure of Health and Benefits Brokerage teams. As you may recall, the company recognizes brokerage team settlements as revenues, which are included in adjusted earnings. We continue to have a positive outlook for the HCB business in 2017.
 Now turning to Corporate Risk and Broking or CRB. Constant currency and organic commissions and fees were up 1% as compared to the prior year. For the first half of the year, CRB grew 2%. Commissions and fees growth was led by Great Britain, with wins in transportation, financial lines and natural resources. Western Europe up had solid growth, primarily led by Ireland and Iberia. Additionally, international experienced solid growth in Asia and Latin America but experienced some softness related to the accelerated timing of policy placements and renewals in the first quarter due to regulatory changes. Commissions and fees declined in North America as a result of several large, onetime projects booked in 2016 as well as unfavorable rate and risk exposure changes.
 New business levels continued to grow as expected, and client retention stayed strong. We continue to be optimistic about the momentum in our CRB business going forward as we expected North American revenues to build in the second half of the year.
 Now to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance. Constant currency and organic commissions and fees increased 3% as compared to the prior year quarter. As a reminder, the Reinsurance line of business represents premiums based reinsurance only. The facultative reinsurance results are captured in the CRB segment.
 Reinsurance commissions and fees growth was a result of strong new business in international and favorable timing in specialty and in North America. Wholesale was soft in the second quarter due to the timing of renewals booked in the first quarter, which had been booked in the second quarter in the prior year. For the first half of 2017, wholesale commissions and fees grew by 4%.
 Risk Consulting and Software or RCS also experienced strong growth as a result of greater demand for project work in EMEA and software sales. Investment commissions and fees increased as a result of new delegated investment clients and increased performance fees. Max Matthiessen delivered strong growth due to higher performance fees as a result of new business and a more robust European equity market. 
 As a reminder, we received a onetime $41 million settlement for the fine arts and jewelry business in the second quarter of 2016. As expected, we had a decline in total segment revenues due to this large onetime event. This also enhanced the second quarter 2016 segment margin by 8 percentage points. We continue to feel very positive about the momentum of the IRR business for 2017.
 And lastly, Exchange Solutions. Commissions and fees increased by 15% from the prior year. Driven by increased enrollments, our retiree and access exchange revenue increased 14%, and the rest of the segment increased 17%. Increased membership and new clients drove the revenue increase in our active employee exchange. The Health and Welfare in North American Pension Outsourcing business continue to grow, primarily due to new clients and customized active exchange projects. As the active exchange market evolves, we're seeing the work we do for our clients split between the exchange and the administration teams, as well as all our health and benefits lob.
 As large companies make the initial move to exchanges for health benefit delivery, they're opting for a more customized approach. The benefits administration group is currently more effective at providing this customization, as our outsourcing clients have unique requirements. As we move towards the 2018 enrollment period, it will become increasingly difficult to separate active exchange revenues from administration revenues and H&B revenues as we see these 3 groups working in collaboration with each other.
 Our 2018 active sales pipeline continues to look strong in both the mid-market and large market. As we mentioned in our previous earnings call, we have 6 large clients with about 150,000 total lives that have committed for the 2018 enrollment period and 1 large client committed for the 2019 enrollment period. The mid-market sales season will not be finalized until early November. Our channel brokers are keeping pace with prior year sales. The retiree exchange enrollment process is changing somewhat for 2018. We're seeing enrollments more evenly spread throughout the year, with a slight bump in enrollments in the fall of 2017, and the sales season is continuing as some larger companies are contemplating off-cycle enrollments. 
 We're also seeing an impact from the current health care debate, and yet there are some clients who have held off this year until there is more clarity. Now while ACA doesn't generally impact Medicare retirees, it has a significant impact on the pre-65 retirees, and many companies are looking for a coordinated solution for both groups. We continue to be optimistic about the long-term growth of this business.
 So I'm excited to see the progress we've made in building Willis Towers Watson, not only evidenced by our first half results, but with the commitment of our colleagues as well. We recently received the results of our employee engagement survey, and I was most impressed with a couple of factors. First, the response rate was higher than we'd anticipated. This, alone, highlights to me that we have strong colleague engagement across the globe. Second, we scored very well in the areas that are key to our long-term success, such as positive responses relating to colleagues who are proud to be part of Willis Towers Watson, strong alignment to our values, colleagues who believe in our commitment to inclusion, having an environment where we value differences and colleagues who feel supported by their managers. We've also identified areas that need more focus as we work through our company's evolution and integration, but we now have a clear roadmap to move forward. 
 I'm extremely proud of our colleagues, all 42,000, who've been instrumental in creating Willis Towers Watson. We've been given a unique opportunity to build an organization which reflects our values and a strong client commitment and also provides distinctive, integrated market-leading solution. The changes we have experienced in the last 18 months have been significant. I believe the financial results for the first half of this year reflect the engagement and commitment of our colleagues. As we move forward through the integration process, we can now shift greater focus to the market and build on the fundamentals of a merger strategy, which we believe will create more value for our clients, colleagues and shareholders. Based on what we've accomplished in the first 18 months, I'm excited as I look forward to the progress we can make together in the next 18 months.
 On a bittersweet note, this may be Roger's last conference call. And I say, maybe his last call, as Roger has been very gracious to remain flexible to ensure a smooth transition with a new CFO. Roger joined Watson Wyatt, a $2 billion company, just before the merger of equals that created Towers Watson. He played a key role in shaping that business and in enhancing the financial profile of the company. There were a host of acquisitions and mergers along the way. Perhaps, one of the most significant acquisitions, Extend Health, brought us the advent of the exchange business. Then, about 2 years ago, Roger was asked to take on the challenge of yet another merger of equals with the creation of Willis Towers Watson. As Roger retires from Willis Towers Watson, he leaves behind a $20 billion organization. We've experienced a great deal of change in Roger's tenure as CFO, but some things have remained rocksteady, such as Roger's pragmatic counsel and his desire to win. I want to thank Roger for his many contributions, guidance and his partnership over the last 7 years and hope that he and [ Robin ] have a long, healthy and rewarding retirement. Now I'll turn the call over to Roger. 
Roger Millay: Well, thanks, John for those very nice, kind words. And good morning to everyone. Before getting to the results, I'd also like to comment on my retirement. I have had some of the best experiences of my career as CFO of Willis Towers Watson. It's really been an honor and a pleasure to work with a group of such bright and innovative people. And more importantly, people with such deep values and strong sense of commitment to their colleagues, clients and value creation. I've truly entered the challenges, the success and, most of all, the journey. Thank you, for the opportunity to share in that experience. As I leave Willis Towers Watson, I feel confident that the team will continue the journey to even greater heights. In addition, Ive really enjoyed the opportunity to participate in the capital markets and all the back-and-forth that entails, over time, and the relationships that were built as a result. Now for our financial results.
 As a reminder, our segment margins are before consideration of unallocated corporate costs, such as amortization of intangibles, restructuring costs and certain integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions. The segment results include discretionary compensation. Income from operations for the quarter was $124 million or 6.3% of revenues. The prior year second quarter operating income was $136 million or 7.0% of revenues. Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $363 million or 18.6% of revenues, an increase over the prior year quarter adjusted operating income of $357 million or 18.1% of adjusted revenues.
 The GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 16.8% and the adjusted tax rate was 29.1%. As we discussed last quarter, the first quarter tax rate is generally the lowest of the year. As expected, after reiterating our 2017 tax guidance of 23% to 24% in our last earnings call, we experienced a significant increase in the tax rate for the second quarter. Our first half tax rate is on plan. 
 I'd also like to address one point regarding the other expense and income line on our income statement. This quarter, we had a $30 million expense on this line versus $6 million of income in Q2 '16. This variance is primarily due to a favorable balance sheet remeasurement in the prior year and greater operational FX hedging cost in 2017. Before we discuss the segment operating margins, I'd like to remind you that we provided recast segment operating income with the prior periods in the Form 8-K we filed on April 7, 2017. Additionally, our segment margins are calculated using total segment revenues. 
 In Q1, HCB, CRB and IRR all experienced very strong revenue performance, some of which was timing related, and the corresponding increase in operating margin. In Q2, these businesses had dampened margin results due to the Q1 timing factors as well as a very difficult Q2 '16 comparative in the case of IRR. Overall, these businesses continue to perform well in managing cost levels to drive margin enhancement.
 For the second quarter, the operating margin for the HCB segment was 17%, flat to the prior year. Despite a drop in reported revenues, margins stayed level due to the restructuring which took place in late 2016 and general expense management. For the first half of 2017, operating margin was 28% as compared to 26% in the prior year. 
 The CRB segment had a 16% operating margin, flat to the prior year. As a result of cost management, the second quarter margin remained flat despite the annual pay increases as of April 1 and planned phase-in of expense allocations related to acquisitions.
 For the first half in 2017, operating margin was 17% as compared with 16% in the prior year. For the quarter, the IRR segment had a 25% operating margin as compared to a 29% margin in the second quarter of 2016. As a reminder, the $41 million JLT settlement enhanced the IRR segment Q2 2016 margin by 8 percentage points.
 Excluding the impact of the settlement, the 2017 margin would have been almost 4 points higher year-over-year. The first half '17 operating margin was 36% as compared to 35% in the prior year, including the JLT settlement.
 The Exchange Solutions segment had a 19% operating margin as compared to 22% in the prior year second quarter. The benefits administration business was primarily responsible for the decline in margin. As we prepare for the 2018 healthcare enrollment season and continue phasing in new clients, compensation expenses ramp up to prepare for the enrollment, and revenues are deferred until projects go live. 
 The first half of 2017 operating margin was 20% as compared to 24% last year. This decline was anticipated as strong growth typically dampens operating margin on a temporary basis.
 Moving to the balance sheet, we continue to have a strong financial position. In May, we issued $650 million -- a $650 million 7-year note with a coupon of 3.60%. The proceeds were used to reduce the outstanding balance of the current revolving credit facility. Free cash flow for the first half of 2017 was $200 million an expected decrease from $344 million for the first half of the prior year. The decrease was driven by higher capital expenditures, changes in working capital and increased discretionary bonus payments. As a result of the merger, the legacy Towers Watson colleagues experienced a change in fiscal year, which resulted in a partial year payout of bonuses in 2016. We continue to focus on enhancing free cash flow in 2017.
 This quarter, we repurchased approximately $140 million of Willis Towers Watson stock, bringing the total for the year to $296 million. As of June 30, 2017, the remaining stock repurchase authority was approximately $837 million.
 Now let's review our guidance for 2017. We continue to expect constant currency revenue growth for the year to be in the 2% to 3% range. Constant currency and organic revenue will be closely aligned as we now have a full year comparative results for all of the 2015 acquisitions. This guidance includes the impact of the divestiture of the Charles Monat business, or Global Wealth Solutions, which closed in July.
 We expect the adjusted EBITDA margin to be in the 23% to 24% range for the full year. As a reminder, the first quarter margin is seasonally high, and we expect seasonally lower margins as the year progresses. For segment revenues, we continue to expect low single-digit constant currency commissions and fees growth for HCB and CRB. We're increasing the IRR commissions and fees expectation to a range of low to mid-single-digit growth. Exchange Solutions should have commissions and fees growth of approximately 10%, with good growth in the benefits administration and the actives exchange, supplemented by moderated growth in retiree. 
 Integration costs are expected to approach $200 million for the year. The expected increase in cost related to enhancement of the global benefit solution platform, the cost of shareholder lawsuit related to the merger, and balance sheet provisions related to operational harmonization.
 We continue to expect the adjusted tax rate to be in the 23% to 24% range. As a reminder, there were some onetime discrete items in 2016 that will not be repeated in 2017. We expect the adjusted tax rate in the second half of the year to be similar to the Q2 '17 adjusted tax rate. In 2016, our discrete item benefits were concentrated in the second half of the year, so the third and fourth quarter tax rates of 2016 should not be considered a good benchmark for the second half of 2017.
 Adjusted diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $8.36 to $8.51. The guidance range has dropped by $0.04 due to the divestiture of the Global Wealth Solutions business, which was sold in July. Annual guidance assumes average currency exchange rates of $1.28 to the pound and $1.13 to the euro. We also expect approximately $20 million to $25 million of expense associated with our FX hedging programs in the second half of the year. This expense flows through other expense and income, below the income from operations line. The hedging program excludes the potential impact for balance sheet movements.
 I believe the results for the first half of 2017 indicate the continued progress of our integration efforts and the ability of our colleagues to adapt to change. This is a testament to the strong collaboration of our colleagues and our unrelenting client focus. Every dynamic organization must adapt to ever-changing global markets, political and economic risks, and most importantly, for Willis Towers Watson, our clients' needs. As I've watched the integration progress and our ability to adapt to change becoming stronger and stronger with each quarter, it gives me great confidence in the long-term success of the company. I've been very proud to be part of this unique opportunity, and I wish all of our colleagues the best of luck and much success. And now I'll turn it back to John. 
John Haley: Thanks, Roger. And now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Greg Peters from Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: Before I begin with my 2 questions, congratulations on your retirement, Roger. Certainly enjoyed talking with you through the years. 
Roger Millay: Great. Thank, Greg, and have enjoyed working with you as well, certainly. 
Charles Peters: Obviously, there's a lot of questions I have around the release. But why don't I zero-in on to, John, in your comments, you mentioned, I think, $94 million, $95 million of OIP savings. Is that what you expect to fall for the bottom line? Or is that just a general savings? I know, in the past, we've been challenged to figure out how much of that actually falls to the bottom line? 
John Haley: Yes. I think that's the amount of gross savings that we expect to come out of OIP, Greg. I think as Roger and I have talked about in the prior calls, one of our big focuses is to make sure that we get the bulk of that dropping to the bottom line. But we don't -- we don't have numbers for that until we get our 2018 guidance. 
Roger Millay: Maybe, Greg, just to add to that, because as John alluded to, we're most focused on margins. So as we look at the first half of the year and the enhancement of operating -- adjusted operating margin, that's where we look to see if the savings, both for integration and for OIP, whether they're impacting the company, which is why I spent the time I did going through the first half margins. 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, and just to maybe emphasize that, if you look at the first half margins, in HCB, it's up from 26% to 28%; CRB, it's up from 16% to 17%; IRR was up from the 31% to 32% range, without the JLT settlement, to 36%; and Exchange Solutions was down a little bit due to growth, from 24% to 20%. But we're seeing a lot of these things drop to the bottom line this year already, and we expect to see that continue next year, but that's where our push is going to be. 
Charles Peters: Right. And then as it relates to the OIP, is there savings that -- are you going to come when some of the reinvestments that were made previously expire and are not remade? Does that make sense to you? 
John Haley: Yes, it does. I think -- we haven't actually gone back and examined all of the different reinvestments that were made with the -- with some of the OIP things. And so I think I don't want to make a blanket statement about how these things are going to be. I think one of the things that we're very much focused on, going forward, is making sure that we prioritize and rationalize all of the investments we have within the company, and we're embarking on some new investments today, we're consolidating some old ones and we're eliminating some old ones. And so we're doing all of that and we expect them all to pay off in the future. 
Roger Millay: And I think, also, just in our planning approach last year, rather than go back and try and figure out history and make tactical decisions based on what had happened in the past, we think that by putting emphasis, going forward, in the organization on margin enhancement, the prioritization process will naturally come out. If there were investments, 2, 3 years ago that aren't paying off, that, that's where people will go to enhance margins. If those investments were working, then theyll go somewhere else. So that's the  we thought the most productive approach. 
Charles Peters: Now my second question was just around tax. It is moving around a little bit and I know you cited 2 numbers: the 16.8% and the 29.1%. Can you give us some additional color around what's causing all the movements within the tax rate? And what sort of the long-term targets are? 
Roger Millay: Yes, so maybe, kind of do a macro thing first and then a little bit on the seasonality. So we continue to view this kind of range that we've talked about, 23% to 24% as being the landing point from a run rate, without any discrete items of where Willis Towers Watson began its life, so to speak. And last year, as you know, we came in a bit lower than that because of discrete benefits that we talked about last year and that I talked about in my remarks. And so we particularly wanted to highlight this quarter that those discrete benefits last year came mostly in the second half of the year. So when you step back from the tax rate, and if you'd seen last year, without those discrete benefits, the first quarter, we expect going forward, will be below mark for the adjusted tax rate. And then quarters 2, 3, and 4 will be higher. And it is kind of unfortunate the way the dynamics of the accounting work between the operating results and the adjusting items, but because the adjusting items are in higher tax locations, when you add those back, they add to the tax rate, so that's what you see between the GAAP rate and the adjusted rate. But also then, in periods of lower operating profitably, you get this big spike, so that's what you get in quarters 2, 3 and 4. So I think that's going to be the trend, and I think this year, it's looking like the quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter rates are going to be pretty true to that trend. 
Charles Peters: And just on the follow-up on that point. When I think about -- push aside the first quarter estimate or results, when I think about the second, third and fourth quarter, how much variability will we see in the tax rate on a go-forward basis between those 3 quarters? 
Roger Millay: Yes, so we would expect -- and this is without getting into predicting kind of plus or minus 1 point, or maybe even plus or minus 2 points, but the high 20s rate that we came in for the second quarter, we would expect to be in the higher 20s in the third and fourth quarters as well. And if you do the arithmetic for 23% to 24% versus where we are for the first half, that's what you get as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the Ryan Tunis from Crdit Suisse. 
Crystal Lu: This is Crystal Lu, in for Ryan. My first question is on the constant currency growth guidance. I think last quarter, you guided to the high end of the 2 to 3 full year revenue growth range. And you said that organic growth was expected to accelerate in the second half of the year. We've now achieved about 3% in the first half, but you still maintain the 2% to 3% guide. Are you no longer expecting that growth acceleration in the second half? 
John Haley: No. I don't think -- we weren't saying anything different, I think, than what we've said in the first half of the year. So what we said after the first quarter was we maintained our guidance at 2% to 3%, and I think, then, in a question, somebody asked and we said "Well, we're more likely to be at the high side of that." I think if you asked the question today, I'd say, "Yes, we're more likely to be at the high side of that." We think our outlook is pretty much where it had been. Maybe it's even a little more positive after the whole strong first half. But we don't think there's anything that's calling for us to necessarily raise our guidance now, but we feel very encouraged by the results of the first half. 
Crystal Lu: Okay, great. And then also, John, in your comments in the press release, you alluded to reaching the full potential. And we were just wondering if this full potential refers to achieving that $10 EPS 2018 target discussed before at the Investor Day, or it refers to some other metrics of the company? 
John Haley: Yes, let me just pull up the press release here. So, I'm sorry, I just had to take a quick look at that to refresh my mind. When I was talking about that, I was actually talking about the much broader thing. And I think, as we talk to our colleagues and to our investors and our analysts, there's 2 things we focus on: one is, some of the short-term commitments that we made, relatively short-term commitments we made when we were trying to do the deal as to what we were going to work on, and those are around the synergies, those are around the -- achieving some of those results. And those have -- those are very important to us. We take commitments we make to our colleagues and to investors seriously, so we want to make sure we live up to them. But frankly, when we think about the vision of what we can create at Willis Towers Watson, and what we can do in the longer run, that's much greater than the short-term commitments, and that's what I was referring to in the press release. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Before I ask my questions, just to make a point of when you went through the litany of things you put Roger through over the last 10 years, you sounded like you just flat-out wore him out. 
John Haley: Roger is shaking his head vigorously, yes. 
Roger Millay: He's quite the task master, so... 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: John, could you just talk a little bit more about the Corporate Risk & Broking. In North America, the commentary was the revenue was flat, you had tough comps year-on-year because of some projects. Could you just talk about, sometimes there's movement between quarters and then, sometimes there's a talk about what does it feel like you're growing at, just in the general sense? Can you make some commentary about that in North America? 
John Haley: Yes, so I think, and Roger, you may want to add to this, too, but I think the -- we had a few really large projects that we had worked on last year in 2016 that we knew were not going to be repeating. 
Roger Millay: There's some big real estate projects, and particularly, things in the Northeast. 
John Haley: Particularly big things in the Northeast. And so in the second quarter of 2016, we had 6 accounts over $500,000 and it was a total revenue of nearly $4.6 million. And we knew that these were big projects that weren't necessarily going repeated, or well just weren't going to repeat. In quarter 2, we have 2 accounts that are $1.8 million there. So there's a bit of a decline there. But if we just step back from those and look at the business overall, I think we're pretty optimistic about the rest of the business and what is going on there. So as I said in the script, we feel pretty good about the momentum in the CRB business going forward and in particular, I call out North America as a place where we expect the revenues to build in the second half of the year. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. So you feel like you're in an upswing right now in what's its called -- in CRB in North America in particular? 
John Haley: Yes. I think that -- I do think that we've sort of passed an inflection point. I think 2016 was a tough year, overall, particularly for North America, but I think it's trending up this year. And again, remember, we did, overall CRB, we did grow by 2% for the first half of the year. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Great. And then you made a comment about the settlements, you had a loss in the team in South Florida. Was that a higher wave, a whole team? Where was it exactly? I don't usually hear about this coming out of your company. 
John Haley: Yes, it was a whole team in South Florida here, and that was in -- gosh, I want to say the fall, maybe October of last year or something like that. 
Roger Millay: And we had talked about that, I think, when people have asked us questions about some of the turnover and things like that. So it's nothing new from what we've talked about. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: But it's healthcare brokerage, it's not insurance brokerage? 
Roger Millay: Well, it's a mix, but it was more. 
John Haley: I mean, just -- Shlomo, just to be clear about that, I think we did talk about that in some of the earnings call because we talked about the fact that we lost the people in that revenue. 
Roger Millay: We have talked about that, a lot. Because it's the one area -- it's really the one specific thing that we've identified consistently that was a departure kind of out of the norm. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is on the margin side. So based on my math, to hit the whirlwind or the 22% of your margin target for this year, you probably need to see about 130 basis points of margin improvement in the second half, I calculate around 90 ex JLT in the first half of these year. So I guess, what I'm trying to tie together is what's driving the margin improvement in the second half of the year? And also, what drove the unallocated net, that $9 million benefit that hit margins this quarter? 
Roger Millay: Yes, so let me deal with the second one first. So when we look at the unallocated net, we typically will expect that to run at an expense level that's probably more in the range of what you see for the 6-month period. When you look at those numbers, it is more consistent 6-month over 6-month. The reason for the volatility between the first quarter and the second quarter is that we did have some movement between expenses booked at the corporate level in the first quarter that were then pushed out to the business, so released or created income in that nonoperating line, and pushed out to the businesses, the segments in the second quarter. So that's not a net impact to margins of the company, and something that you generally wouldn't expect to happen. We just had that movement this period between the first and the second quarters. In terms of overall margins, and maybe just to go back to what we talked about with Greg's question. So I think the clearest way to look at the margin management success of the company is to look at operating margins. And if you step back from first half operating margins, our operating margin was up some 50, 60 basis points by itself. But then, if you adjust for the fine arts and jewelry settlement, that will give you another 100 basis points or so -- or actually, I think it was up 70 basis points without that. So you have about 170 basis points of operating margin improvement without fine arts and jewelry, which was not operating last year, so you do have to back that out. So I think that's the best indicator of our margin momentum. I think when you look at EBITDA margin, it is complicated this quarter because of this FX-related hit that we took for intercompany and balance sheet items which does bounce around, but it's nonoperating in nature. So I think you have to back that out, and that's why I think operating margin is a clear indicator. So we think we're on track. As you've said, we've maintained the guidance. In our plans, we think the second half is achievable, the organization is very focused on it, I think, John talked about some of the segment progress, you can see everybody's focused, I think. 
Elyse Greenspan: So just a follow-up to that. So as you think about the second half margin improvement, it seems like depending upon what level of OIP savings do essentially fall to the bottom line, that's more of a 2018 margin benefit based off of your comments during -- previously in the call. So I guess, there could be some benefit from merger savings, but you see yourself hitting your full year margin goal just by greater margins throughout all of your segments, is that how you think about it? 
Roger Millay: Yes, I mean, I think it's the whole company, is in the game. So it's not just the segments, but it's also all the functional areas, which you might recall, that's where a lot of the integration activities are happening. So it is by creating plans and managing the plans throughout the company to enhance margins. I mean, that's how we're going to steadily get there over the next 18 months. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then my second question, I just want to follow up on one of the questions earlier on the call. I mean, you guys are leaving the organic growth outlook unchanged, but the half year itself probably seems to be -- is at the high end. So as you look to the pipeline and you get a feel for the business that should be coming over the next quarter, next couple of quarters, Im just finding -- why not just raise the target today to enforce the momentum that you're seeing, or do you -- is there some timing or shifts that might cause you to come in below that 3% in the second half of the year? 
John Haley: No, I mean, look, I think we had a very strong first half. We still feel pretty confident about what we're going to achieve. But I think -- we don't want to keep on, when we do well, raise the target until we make sure at some point, we don't hit it. So I mean, that's just not the game we're interested in playing. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon from RW Baird. 
Mark Marcon: Roger, it's been a pleasure working with you, congratulations and best wishes. Wondering if you can talk a little bit about the Exchange Solutions business? It sounds like it's evolving. How should we think about the margin profile, longer term, within that business as we end up having a bigger merger between what we used to think of as exchange -- pure exchange versus the benefits administration? 
Roger Millay: John, you probably have some thoughts on this, but maybe I'll start. I mean I don't think there's been any change in how we view where Exchange Solutions should be. They should be at least at the overall average margin targets of the company, if not with growth, leveraging -- it is more of an operating type business than the administration and related exchanges areas, so as scale is built, with the opportunity, at some point, to have above average company margins. 
John Haley: Yes. I think that's right, Roger. And look, this is a business that is really in its infancy. And so there's a lot of cross currents that are occurring right now. We feel pretty good about being able to operate in what's a very high-growth business. We feel very good about being -- operate at a reasonable margin now. But we do think that when this builds scale and the market comes down, we are going to have an opportunity to achieve even higher margins. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And then with IRR, you took up the guidance for the growth for the year. Can you comment on specific -- the specific areas that you're seeing the improved trends in? And then, separate from that, can you just discuss any sort of very specific timing issues that somebody should consider as it relates to just a very near-term Q3 outlook relative to Q4, if there's any particular items that we should be adjusting or incorporating into our estimates? 
Roger Millay: Yes, sure, maybe just a comment from me first, and that maybe John will have something to add on. I think when you look across IRR, broadly, as John went through in his script remarks, you're seeing just better performance year-over-year in most of that segment. And reinsurance is performing well, the risk consulting business is performing well, and the investment business is performing well. So taking up the guidance just as a reflection both of first half performance as well as the expectation that trends will be better through the year than they were last year. John? 
John Haley: Yes, I think, to your second question, Mark, there's really nothing we see that are big flows between quarter 3 and quarter 4 at this time, so nothing to report there. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel from Janney. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Cash flow, up nicely for 6 months, was down in the second quarter, 41% versus 76%. I calculate -- I assume the legal settlement a year ago drove that. This is a relatively thin quarter, typically, for cash flow. Anything big pushes and shoves in the numbers? And where are you on sort of pension cash expenses for the year in your expectations, versus last year? 
Roger Millay: Yes, so for pension, specifically, I think there was roughly $250 million of outflow last year, and we think it's going to be a bit below $200 million this year. Overall kind of puts and takes in the first half cash flows, we do have some absorption from working capital in the first half. You see that in the cash flow statement. We have a bid in CapEx, so I think we've talked about this in the past, but you would expect during integration to have a bit of a bump up in capital expenditures as a result of the big IT consolidation projects we have, as well as the big real estate projects, and you're starting to see that more in the first half of this year. And then, as I mentioned in my remarks, you also have an impact from the bonus payments year-over-year, so a bit more cash going out this year because of the half year only payment to the Legacy Towers Watson folks last year. 
Robert Glasspiegel: How much above normal would you say your IT CapEx for restructuring is running? 
Roger Millay: So CapEx was $20 million over last year. I mean, I don't know if I should call last year a fairly normal year, but we didn't have a lot of -- because the CapEx projects themselves take a while to -- they tend to be more complex type areas, so that's probably the best benchmark that we have about how much in the first half was above normal. 
John Haley: Okay, thanks very much, everyone, for joining us this morning. And I look forward to talking to you at our third quarter earnings call in November. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you, for your participation. This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2017 Willis Towers Watson Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call may be recorded.
 I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Aida Sukys, Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead. 
Aida Sukys: Thanks, Kat. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson earnings call. On the call today are John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer; and Roger Millay, our Chief Financial Officer.
 Please refer to our website for the press release issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone through tomorrow by dialing (404) 537-3406, conference ID 100113029. The replay will also be available for the next 3 months on our website.
 This call may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, involving risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of the forward-looking statements and the risks and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking statements, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning, a copy of which is available on our website at willistowerswatson.com as well as other disclosures under the heading of Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and in other Willis Towers Watson filings with the SEC. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date of this earnings call. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 During the call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a discussion of the non-GAAP financial measures as well as reconciliations to the non-GAAP financial measures under Regulation G to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, investors should review the press release we posted on our website.
 After our prepared remarks, we'll open the conference call for your questions.
 Now we'll turn the call over to John Haley. 
John Haley: Thank you, Aida. Good morning, everyone. Today, we'll review our results for the first quarter of 2017 and discuss the 2017 outlook.
 Reported revenues for the first quarter were $2.32 billion, up 4% as compared to the prior-year first quarter. Adjusted revenues for the quarter were up 2% as compared to the prior-year first quarter. Reported and adjusted revenues include $50 million of negative currency movement. As a reminder, adjusted revenues for 2016 include $32 million of revenue not recognized due to purchase accounting rules for the prior-year first quarter. There were no adjustments made to revenue for the first quarter of 2017.
 For the quarter, adjusted revenues on an organic basis were up by 5%. Net income for the quarter was $352 million as compared to the prior-year first quarter net income of $245 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $708 million or 30.5% of revenues as compared to the prior-year first quarter adjusted EBITDA of $671 million or 29.6% of adjusted revenues.
 We're pleased to see year-over-year margin enhancement consistent with our goal. This is a testament to the work the team has done over the past year to both drive growth and drive the benefit of our cost-savings initiatives to the profit line.
 As a reminder, the first quarter is seasonally high, and while we are on track for our full year margin enhancement goal, margin in subsequent quarters is expected to be seasonally lower.
 For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $2.50 and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $3.71. Currency fluctuations, net of hedging, had a negative impact of $0.10 on adjusted diluted EPS.
 Before moving on to the segment results, I'd like to provide an update on 3 areas of integration: revenue synergies, cost synergies and tax savings. So I'll start with revenue synergies. Our merger objective identified 3 specific areas of revenue synergies: global health solutions, the U.S. midmarket exchange and large market P&C. It's early in the sales season for both the global and U.S. midmarket health care solutions to provide a lot of color around the sales process. However, we currently have a larger pipeline in our global health care solutions than this time last year, and are very pleased with the health care exchange activity in the U.S. midmarket.
 Finally, we won 8 large company broker assignments this past quarter. These wins continue to produce moderate revenues, but we feel very positive about the progress we're making in developing key relationships and refining our marketing strategies in the U.S. large market P&C space.
 As mentioned previously, we surpassed our original goal of a 25% adjusted tax rate, a full year ahead of schedule. We've already had a number of questions on President Trump's proposed tax plan. The current tax plan lacks details and we'll need to wait until the treasury drafts legislation to better understand its impact.
 Our 2017 guidance anticipated achieving $30 million in merger-related savings. We recognized more than $10 million in savings in the first quarter of 2017. We continue to feel very confident in meeting our 2017 savings objectives and achieving the $125 million 2018 savings goal.
 Now turning to the Operational Improvement Program, or OIP. We've saved $12 million year-over-year through the first quarter on a run rate goal of $95 million as we exit 2017. This program remains on track to be completed at the end of 2017.
 We've made good progress in driving OIP and merger-related savings to the bottom line. However, our focus on cost management remains a priority as this is a key factor for obtaining our 2017 and 2018 margin goals.
 One last note before turning to the segment results. I'd like to make a comment regarding the announcement we made last month that our U.K. brokerage subsidiary, Willis Limited, is under investigation by the Financial Conduct Authority for possible agreements or concerted practices in the aviation broking sector. The aviation broking business contributes less than $100 million in annual revenue to our company. We are cooperating with the FCA, but beyond that we are not in a position to comment on the status of the investigation.
 Now let's look at each of the segments in more detail. As a reminder, beginning in 2017, we made certain changes that affected our segment results. These changes were detailed in the Form 8-K we filed with the SEC on April 7, 2017.
 For the quarter, total reportable segment constant currency commissions and fees growth was 5%. Constant currency commissions and fees for Human Capital & Benefits increased 5%, Corporate Risk & Broking increased 3%, Investment, Risk & Reinsurance increased 5% and Exchange Solutions increased 10%. All of the revenue results discussed in the segment detail and guidance reflect commissions and fees constant currency, unless specifically stated otherwise.
 Turning to Human Capital & Benefits, or HCB. HCB commissions and fees constant currency and organic growth was 5%. Retirement commissions and fees were up 3% as a result of increased actuarial project demand, primarily due to legislative changes in Great Britain and additional project work in Western Europe, along with the timing of the Easter holidays in both of these geographies.
 The Easter holidays were observed in the first quarter of 2016 but in the second quarter of this year. So we expect our second quarter to be somewhat softer than the first.
 North America also experienced revenue growth as a result of the continued phase in of new pension administration clients.
 Talent and Rewards commissions and fees were down, primarily due to a decline in new business in North America and Great Britain. As discussed in the previous earnings call, implementation of our new organizational structure and restructuring took place during 2016, requiring internal focus in the second half of the year. However, with the restructuring behind us, we have additional market facing resources and a renewed focus on clients and sales. We expect to build towards growth as the year progresses.
 Health care consulting had strong commission and fee growth as a result of strong demand in the midmarket and large market globally. France and Spain placed a number of policies in the first quarter of 2017 that would have normally been placed later in the year, so we may see some softening later in the year. Technology and Administration Solutions, or TAS, continue to produce strong results due to new clients in the U.K. legislative changes I discussed earlier.
 We continue to have a positive outlook for the HCB business in 2017, but expect momentum to slow in the second quarter due to the timing issues mentioned above. We expect commission and fee momentum will then build in the second half of the year.
 Turning to Corporate Risk & Broking, or CRB, constant currency and organic commissions and fees grew 3% from the prior year. Commissions and fees increased in all regions, except for North America. The international region led with strong performance, primarily due to strong client retention levels and new business wins. The region's performance was also helped by regulatory changes which brought business forward into the first quarter. We also experienced solid growth in many of our Asian operations as a result of new business.
 Great Britain's commissions and fees increased due to growth in Construction. As you may recall, both international and Great Britain had low comparables in the first quarter of 2016 as the result of the cancellation of a large energy project. Western Europe grew as a result of retention in new business growth in Southern Europe and most notably, strong new business wins in France. Revenues declined in North America as a result of softness in new business and strong comparables in quarter 1 of 2016. Client retention stayed strong.
 The quarter results were helped by the timing of revenue into Q1 and we may experience a slowdown in growth rates in the second quarter. However, we continue to be optimistic about the momentum in our CRB business going forward. The investments we're making today, coupled with our analytical approach, will create a powerful proposition to help our clients manage their risks.
 Now to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance. Constant currency and organic commissions and fees increased 5% as compared to the prior-year quarter. The reinsurance line of business represents treaty-based reinsurance only. The facultative reinsurance results are captured in the CRB segment. Reinsurance commissions and fees growth was the result of growth in international and specialty, offset by some softness in North America, which was in line with expectations. International benefit by positive timing of policy placement in specialty grew as a result of new business. Wholesale delivered growth as renewals were stronger than expected and a significant policy renewed in the first quarter of this fiscal year as compared to the second quarter of 2016.
 Risk Consulting and Software, or RCS, also experienced strong growth as the result of the greater demand for project work. We're now seeing traction from the hiring we've done over the last 12 months and our updated marketing strategy.
 Investment commissions and fees increased as a result of increased performance fees and new wins in the delegated investment services business. While the advisory business grew this quarter, we anticipate a secular decline for these services, but offsetting this decline is an increased demand for delegated services. Max Mathiessen delivered strong growth due to higher performance fees as a result of a more robust European equity market and an increase in new business.
 We continue to feel good about the IRR business for 2017, but expect commissions and fees growth will moderate in the second quarter due to the positive timing related to the reinsurance and wholesale business. We also expect a decline in total segment revenues due to the fine arts and jewelry team settlement received in the second quarter of 2016.
 As a reminder, we received a onetime $40 million settlement, which was included in other revenues. This not only provides a very difficult revenue comparable, but the second quarter 2016 segment operating margin was enhanced by 8 percentage points.
 Lastly, Exchange Solutions commissions and fees increased by 10% from the prior year, driven by increased enrollments, our Retiree and Access Exchanges revenue increased 6%. The rest of the segment increased 16%.
 Increased membership and new clients drove the revenue increase in our active employee exchange. The health and welfare and North American pension outsourcing business continue to grow, primarily due to new clients and special projects related to the ACA reporting requirements. Our 2017 sales pipeline continues to look strong, especially in the midmarket. For the active exchanges, we also have 6 large clients with about 150,000 total lives that have already committed for the 2018 enrollment period and 1 large client committed for the 2019 enrollment period. However, we expect the midmarket to continue to adopt at a faster pace than the large companies. We continue to be optimistic about the long-term growth of this business.
 As you all know by now, Roger Millay will be retiring in October. So I'll provide my official congratulations to Roger next quarter. But I'd like to say that Willis Towers Watson has been extremely fortunate to have Roger's experience and influence during the most crucial period of the merger. We're clearly seeing the impact of his leadership in these first quarter results. 
 I also want to thank all of our colleagues who have worked so hard for the last year during some of the most difficult actions we had to undertake in this merger. I hope all of our colleagues are excited as I am about the great results this quarter. The quarter was strong across many lines of businesses and while we benefited from some timing issues, our first quarter results should give us all a clear perspective of the strength and potential of the organization we envisioned as we created Willis Towers Watson.
 Now I'll turn the call over to Roger. 
Roger Millay: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. Before getting to the results, I'd like to congratulate John on his 40 years with the company. His accomplishments are too numerous to list here, but one fact really stands out. John took the helm as CEO of a private financially troubled company with a value of $120 million, almost 20 years ago. Since then, he's been masterfully creating shareholder value. He brought Watson Wyatt public, making it the first human resources consulting firm to do so, successfully led the creation of Towers Watson through a merger of equals and, ultimately, helped to create and lead Willis Towers Watson, which now stands at a market value of over $18 billion. John, I hope your next 40 years are as successful as your first 40. 
 I also want to add my thanks and congratulations to all of our colleagues for producing a really great quarter. A lot of work has gone into this merger and integration. And much of the hardest blocking and tackling was accomplished last year. We built the initial foundation for strong financial discipline, which will help us obtain our margin enhancement, growth -- revenue growth and shareholder value creation objectives.
 Clearly, there continues to be work to do over the next 2 years, and we should expect some bumps in the road as we manage through the integration period. However, with the collaboration and the client commitment I've experienced firsthand from our colleagues, I'm confident in the long-term success of Willis Towers Watson.
 Now for our financial results. As a reminder, our segment margins are before consideration of unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles, restructuring costs and certain integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions. The segment results include discretionary compensation.
 Income from operations for the quarter was $463 million or 20% of revenues. The prior-year first quarter operating income was $326 million or 14.6% of revenues.
 Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $681 million or 29.4% of revenues, and the prior-year quarter adjusted operating income was $646 million or 28.5% of adjusted revenues. Our momentum toward clear, consistent and sustainable profit margin growth continues. We like this trend.
 There was a $20 million increase in E&O expense during the first quarter of 2017. About half of this increase related to an expected settlement of one of the matters discussed in our SEC filings. The settlement will be discussed in more detail in our upcoming 10-Q filing.
 The GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 11.6% and the adjusted tax rate was 15.6%. The lower adjusted tax rate quarter-over-quarter, contributed approximately $0.15 to the adjusted EPS.
 The first quarter generally produces the lowest tax rate for the year. The change in stock based compensation accounting policies added $0.01 to adjusted EPS.
 Before we discuss the segment operating margins, I'd like to remind you that we provided recast segment operating income for the prior periods in the Form 8-K we filed on April 7, 2017. Additionally, our segment margins are calculated using total segment revenues.
 For the first quarter, the operating margin for the HCB segment was 37% compared to 34% in 2016. Margin enhancement was due to revenue growth, the restructuring which took place in late 2016 and general expense management.
 CRB had a 19% operating margin as compared to 17% in the prior-year first quarter. Revenue growth accounted for the increase in margin. 
 For the quarter, Investment, Risk & Reinsurance had a 44% margin as compared to a 40% operating margin in the prior-year first quarter. The margin improvement resulted from increased revenues and expense management. 
 Exchange Solutions had a 21% margin compared to 26% last year. Retiree and Access Exchanges and TAS led the segment with 37% and 23% operating margins, respectively. But both businesses experienced a drop in quarter-over-quarter margins. We invested resources into the retiree business to bring up service levels and as we phase in new clients in TAS, we often see a short-term decrease in margin.
 Moving to the balance sheet. We continue to have a strong financial position. During the quarter, the company refinanced its $800 million revolving credit facility and $218 million associated term loan, both due in 2018, with a new $1.25 billion revolving credit facility maturing in 2022. Additionally, $394 million of the 6.2% notes matured in March 2017. The note repayment was financed using the new revolver as well.
 Assuming favorable market conditions, we expect to launch new long-term financing in the second quarter of this year. We plan to use the proceeds to reduce the outstanding balance of the current revolving credit facility. 
 Free cash flow was $33 million in the first quarter, a decrease from $71 million in the prior-year first quarter. The decrease is primarily due to the full year payment of discretionary bonuses versus a half-year in 2016 for the former Towers Watson colleagues. We continue to focus on enhancing free cash flow in 2017.
 This quarter, we repurchased approximately $156 million of Willis Towers Watson stock. As of the end of the first quarter, the remaining stock repurchase authority was more than $975 million.
 Now let's review our guidance for 2017. In fiscal '17, we continue to expect constant currency revenue growth to be in the 2% to 3% range. Constant currency and organic revenue will be closely aligned as we now have a full year of results for all of the 2015 acquisitions. However, we've closed on 2 smaller transactions: the acquisition of the remaining shares of OAAGC in France and the acquisition of a small defined benefit group in Australia, which are not expected to be material to the overall 2017 guidance.
 We expect the adjusted EBITDA margin to be in the 23% to 24% range for the full year. As a reminder, the first quarter margin is seasonally high, and we expect seasonally lower margins as the year progresses. 
 For segment revenues, we continue to expect low single-digit constant currency commissions and fees growth for HCB, CRB and IRR. Exchange Solutions should have commission and fee growth of approximately 10% with continued retiree growth, enhanced with good growth in TAS and the actives exchange. As a reminder, while we enrolled a record number of employees in the actives exchange, the revenues in this line of business are underweight compared to the retiree revenues. 
 We continue to expect the adjusted tax rate to be in the 23% to 24% range. As a reminder, there were some onetime discrete items in 2016 that will not be repeated in 2017.
 Adjusted diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $8.40 to $8.55. Guidance assumes average currency exchange rates of $1.25 to the pound, and $1.08 to the euro. 
 As I mentioned in the last call, 2016 was a year of building a new organization and developing a new focus on financial management. I believe the first quarter of fiscal '17 shows that we've built a foundation for financial success. And while we still have some hurdles to cross as we continue our integration efforts, I remain very optimistic about our long-term prospects.
 Now, I'll turn it back to John. 
John Haley: Thanks, Roger. And now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: John, it looks like a good quarter, a strong organic growth of 5% organic constant currency. There was a decent amount of commentary about some of the timing items. And just for us to get a sense as to what the underlying growth in the improvement over there, do you have a way to kind of tell us what it either quantitatively you've calculated what it would be if you'd normalize for some of those items or just your own gut sense, was this 4% organic, 3% organic? Or how should we look at it in terms of, if I would normalize for some of the timing? And then how should we think about that for the second quarter? 
John Haley: Yes. So I think, Shlomo, as we think about this -- so let me just say, first of all, we feel very confident. We had out there the guidance for the year of the 2% to 3%. And we look at this first quarter and we say, we think clearly we're on line to hit the 2% to 3% growth rate for the whole year. And in fact, if anything, we'd expected to be at the higher end of that, rather than the lower end of that. So that's just about the overall. To the extent that timing affected things, it's -- we haven't done an exact calculation of all of these, but it's probably, it makes it look like a more 4% quarter -- in the 3% to 4% range somewhere there, as opposed to 5%. So I think as we -- one of the reasons that we love this quarter because we talked about the first quarter being a time where we wanted to establish that the sort of turnaround that we had seen in the fourth quarter of 2016, that, that was really an inflection point. We like what this shows. We're just not ready to raise our guidance for the year yet though, simply because we think there was a little bit of timing that affected things. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: And then for my follow-up. Can you just give us a little bit more detail on what's going on in CRB in North America? That's -- it's been a focus to try and improve the growth over there. That was still -- sounded like it was a negative. Maybe you can talk a little bit more about pipeline or just where it feels like you are? And what we should expect for the balance of the year based on at least what you're seeing now? 
John Haley: Yes. As we said, for North America, we did see strong client retention levels. But the new business was not as robust as we would have liked. We are -- we think we're -- it had a tough comparison last year. You may remember last year, in the first quarter, North America was plus 4%. And so as we look at that, we have a tough comparable compared to that, the rest of the year was much lower for North America. We expect that, we have been repositioning our strategy, we've repositioned some management. We feel very good about some of the new folks we're bringing on here. So we expect to see some growth as we get into the latter half of the year. 
Operator: The next session comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Crdit Suisse. 
Crystal Lu: This is Crystal Lu in for Ryan. My first question is also just kind of around that organic growth timing. How far in advance did you know about the possible impact of the timing? And also, what are the impacts of the restructuring efforts on the organic this quarter? 
John Haley: And so I think we knew about it as it occurred. I mean, that's -- this was unanticipated bring forward thing, so we didn't know about it. The only thing we might have known a little bit about was Easter. We had some sense that it would probably be a better quarter because of that. But most of the other things were just things that occurred. I'm sorry, what was your second question? 
Crystal Lu: Just around the restructuring impact on the organic as well. 
John Haley: Roger, do you want to handle that? 
Roger Millay: Well, sure. I think the main point that we referenced in the script was around the restructuring in Talent Rewards. And I think as John remarked in his script, we anticipate that as the year goes by, that impact will fade. 
Crystal Lu: Okay. And then also on the organic expenses, I saw that the total segment expenses came down around 80 basis points year-over-year. Can you kind of help us think about the impacts of FX? And also, I guess just anything else that might have helped that organic expense number come down. 
Roger Millay: I think as you point out, so certainly, foreign exchange would have an impact there. But also, again, the restructuring was a result of -- were resulted in expenses being lower year-over-year. So it was the combination of those 2 things. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. 
Michael Phillips: It's Mike Phillips in for Kai Pan. Can you talk about share repurchase? Your first quarter looked like it was pretty strong, and I think you had got it to about $500 million for the full year. Is that still in place? And any seasonality for the rest of the year or any kind of stock level that would kind of impact that as we go forward for the rest of the year? 
Roger Millay: Yes. So we continue to attentively look at the intersection of business results and related cash flow on our share repurchase program. And we're on track for the roughly $0.5 billion that we talked about. And we'll continue to monitor that through the year, but we're on track. 
Michael Phillips: Okay. And then if you could just provide just a little more elaboration on just the restructuring integration progress in terms of expense savings for your targets and how that's looking. You mentioned in your commentary, but if you could elaborate a little more on that, again, just the restructuring integration for expense savings for the year? 
Roger Millay: Yes. I'll lead, I guess, on that. So really, we're pleased to say that at this point, we're on track for all of our targets, as noted in the remarks. And there has been a lot of activity, but we're on track. So it's going well. And we'll continue, obviously, to monitor it closely. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Klauber with William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: The -- seems like threw out comments on a number of divisions, the European businesses appear to be picking up. Is that true? 
John Haley: Yes. We think we have very good momentum in Europe. 
Adam Klauber: Okay. And that seems sustainable? Again, you're seeing that throughout the first half? 
John Haley: Well, we liked where the first quarter came out. And a number of our European businesses, a number of the countries were quite strong there. And so we would expect to see that -- we'd expect to see Europe have a good year. 
Adam Klauber: Okay. And then on exchanges, we're hearing it's a pretty active selling season compared to last year. I guess, would you say that's true? And also you mentioned 150,000 lives in the larger active market. At this point, how does that compare to last year? 
John Haley: It's the best large market sales we've ever had. 
Adam Klauber: Great. And how about the -- is the selling season pretty active? 
John Haley: Yes, I think the selling season is pretty active. I mean, I think one of the things, and this is particularly true of the large market, that you'll notice. You'll see, we have 1 large client that has committed to 1/1 2019 already. So the larger clients tend to have a longer time frame from when they decide to go to when they implement. And that's because they're somewhat more complex and there's a lot more moving pieces in terms of doing them, but very active sales season. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with Robert W. Baird. 
Mark Marcon: First of all, I'd just like to pass along my congratulations to Roger, it's been a pleasure working with you over the years. 
Roger Millay: Thanks very much, Mark. Same to you. 
Mark Marcon: Can you talk a little bit more about what you're seeing on the midmarket in terms of the exchange business? And then I have a follow-up. 
John Haley: So I think, Mark, we're seeing a more active midmarket. I mean, I think we see it's -- we've seen a big growth in the number of clients last year. We saw a very large growth. We're seeing the same kind of thing occurring this year. I think the sales season for the midmarket as I was mentioning, it's just a longer sales season because there's a -- we can -- a midmarket client can decide to go later in the year, we can implement much faster than for the large company ones. But although we had this great growth, although we have this great results for the large market, we're still seeing much faster growth in the midmarket. 
Mark Marcon: And are you seeing the full engagement of the Willis health insurance brokers in terms of facilitating that growth? Where would you say we are with regards to the level of execution relative to what you think the potential is? 
John Haley: I would say that the major cause of the big increase in midmarket sales is in fact, the engagement that we have from the Willis side of the HCB. They've been absolutely terrific in doing that. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And then on a completely separate note, can you talk a little bit about where you think the bigger, the biggest incremental opportunities are for savings, among all the different cost programs that we have now on an annualized run-rate basis. You have so many, and we've already seen some benefits, obviously. But kind of just lay them out. 
Roger Millay: Wow. The biggest -- yes, sure. And Mark, we don't necessarily rack and stack them in that sort of way. Maybe I'll just comment on things that are going to build momentum here this year. And one of the things you'd note in John's remarks about the cost programs is increasing momentum, actually, in the second half of the year. And it's really the real estate activities as well as the technology activities that are building now and will be in execution mode as we end '17 and begin '18. So I think there's a lot of focus there right now. 
Operator: Our next question comes the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: My first question is just on your margins. I guess, it's a two-part question. So you guys reaffirmed your guidance, but said Q1 is stronger than the other quarters. Is that in reference to the Q1 on margin in totality or the level of margin improvement you expect on a quarterly basis? And my second point on the margin front. As you guys saw 90 basis points of margin improvement in the quarter. If I look at the expense saves you gave, the merger savings and the OIP savings, I get about 100 basis points of margin just from your expense program. So I'm a little surprised that a 5% organic that we're not seeing greater leverage on the margin front and more of margin improvement. If you can just talk to that as well? 
Roger Millay: Sure. So relative, Elyse, to the seasonal patterns, we do have seasonality of margins. That is inherent in the business. So a strong seasonality of revenues in the first quarter, also reasonably strong in the fourth quarter. Those will tend to be higher margin quarters and the second and third, softer. The only thing I'd say about what to expect in the pattern of margin enhancement that is of note and it came out in the script, that is the impact of the fine arts and jewelry settlement last year. So given that, that was in the GAAP earnings, that created a tough comparable for the second quarter, it really needs to be pulled out. So given that, we don't expect that same kind of growth in margin in the second quarter. I'm sorry, can you repeat the second half of your question? 
Elyse Greenspan: Yes. So the second part of the question, you guys reported 90 basis points of EBITDA margin expansion in the first quarter. If I add together the OIP savings that you alluded to in the quarter, the $12 million, plus $10 million of merger-related savings, the $22 million, gets me about 100 basis points of margin improvement from expense savings initiatives. So that would mean that there's actual margin contraction in your core business outside of just the savings coming to the bottom line. I'm just a little bit surprised, if you saw 5% organic revenue growth in the quarter, a strong number. We've seen other brokers expand their margins at a greater level, at a lower level of organic revenue. 
Roger Millay: Yes. Thanks for that, sorry for blanking. But the thing I'd point out relative to that question is -- and it's really the reason we pointed it out -- the E&O related activity of about $20 million this quarter. So that really, it's all at one time or whatever, episodic type expense that won't continue of that level. And that was again, driven largely by a particular settlement that we booked this quarter. So that really offset the savings, but won't repeat in the next few quarters. 
Elyse Greenspan: And that comes out in the unallocated expense line? 
Roger Millay: Yes, it does. Yes. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then if I can also follow up on the organic revenue growth in the quarter. So you guys reported a 5%, in response to an earlier question, you said maybe more in the 3% to 4% range, ex timing. Q1 is -- when you write, when you book the majority of your revenue, strongest revenue quarter. So if you're thinking -- if you're leaving your guidance at a 2% to 3%, my math would translate into something of about 1% organic growth over the next 3 quarters to hit that target. I understand the timing difference between the Q1 and the Q2. But if you are optimistic about the second half of the year and some of the initiatives in some of your segments that you alluded to in the prepared remarks, why not raise on the organic growth outlook today? 
Roger Millay: Well, again, and I think John might have alluded to it in some of his comments and he might want to make more here. But one, the timing, I would say, is of course, quite real here and there were specific transactions. And they did pull some of what otherwise would have been growth in the second quarter. And particularly, the specific transactions that John alluded to. So we're on track for the kind of overall momentum that we expected for the year. As John said, probably looking more towards the top of the range. And I haven't -- I don't know yet, I think your 1% calculation might be to get to the bottom of the range. But we feel good about where we are and what we thought for the year, and it would be early to change that. 
Operator: And I am showing no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the call back over to John Haley for any closing remarks. 
John Haley: Okay, great. Thanks very much, everyone, for joining us this morning, and I look forward to talking to you at our second quarter earnings call in August. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-09 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2016 Willis Towers Watson's Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. 
 I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Aida Sukys, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead. 
Aida Sukys: Thank you, Cristal [ph]. Good morning. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson earnings call. On today's call are John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer; and Roger Millay, our Chief Financial Officer.
 Please refer to our website for the press release issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone through tomorrow by dialing (404) 537-3406, conference ID 53649380. The replay will also be available for the next 3 months at our website.
 This call may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, involving risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of the forward-looking statements and the risks and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking statements, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning, a copy of which is available on our website at willistowerswatson.com as well as other disclosures under the heading of Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements in our most recent annual reports on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in other Willis Towers Watson filings with the SEC. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any of these statements, which speak only as of the date of this earnings call. Expect as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 During the call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a discussion of the non-GAAP financial measures as well as a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures under Regulation G to the most direct comparable GAAP measures, investors should review the press release we posted on our website.
 After our prepared remarks, we'll open the conference call for your questions. Please note, today's call is scheduled for 1 hour. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to John Haley. 
John Haley: Thanks, Aida. Good morning, everyone. Today, we'll review our results for the fourth quarter of 2016 and provide updated guidance for the full year of 2017. We'll also provide consolidated full year 2016 and certain pro forma 2015 financial results. Our segment results are presented based on the updated Willis Towers Watson structure. We provided historical Willis Towers Watson segment information in a Form 8-K filed on July 14, 2016.
 Now let's turn to our results, which marked the end of our first year as Willis Towers Watson. Reported revenues for the quarter were $1.9 billion, flat as compared to pro forma prior year revenues. This includes $74 million of negative currency movement on a pro forma basis. For the quarter, revenues on an organic basis were up by 1%. 
 Reported revenues for the year were $7.9 billion, up 5% as compared to pro forma prior year revenues. Adjusted revenues for the year were $7.9 billion, up 6% as compared to pro forma prior year revenues. This includes $202 million of negative currency on a pro forma basis. For the year, organic revenues were up by 2%.
 Net income attributable to Willis Towers Watson for the quarter was $34 million as compared to the prior year pro forma net income of $66 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $419 million or 21.7% of revenues as compared to the prior year pro forma adjusted EBITDA of $406 million or 21.1% of revenues. We are pleased to see year-over-year margin enhancement, which is consistent with our goal.
 Adjusted EBITDA for the year was $1.8 billion or 22.3% of adjusted revenues as compared to pro forma adjusted EBITDA for the prior year of $1.7 billion or 22.5% of adjusted revenues.
 For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $0.25, and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.88. Currency fluctuations, net of hedging, had a positive impact of $0.19 on adjusted diluted EPS. 
 For the year, diluted earnings per share were $2.26, and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $7.96. Currency fluctuations, net of hedging, had a positive impact of $0.08 on adjusted diluted EPS. 
 Before moving on to the segment results, I'd like to highlight the progress made in 2016 and provide an update on 3 areas of integration: revenue synergies, cost synergies and tax savings. Reflecting on our first year as Willis Towers Watson, we've accomplished a great deal in a relatively short amount of time. We've developed integrated market offerings for our stated revenue synergies. We've also taken steps to enhance our profitability margins with OIP, a business restructuring program and cost merger synergies.
 Finally, we've also refined our focus of financial discipline for long-term growth and enhanced our focus on business fundamentals. The impact of the benefits from the revenue synergies and cost programs will grow in 2017, and we feel we've made very good progress against all of our objectives. So let me highlight some of these accomplishments in more detail. I'll start with the revenue synergies.
 As I mentioned in the previous earnings call, the 2016 revenue synergies were about 5% to 10% of our stated 2018 revenue synergy targets. So while they're only a small portion of the overall goal, we're very pleased with the efforts in achieving and, in some cases, surpassing our 2016 revenue synergy sale goals. Our merger objective identified 3 specific areas of revenue synergies: global health solutions, the U.S. mid-market exchange and large market property and casualty.
 Let's start with global health solutions. During 2016, we won 23 global or regional projects valued at over $18 million, and 120 were smaller single-country projects for an additional $5 million. Turning to the U.S. mid-market exchange synergies. We added about 75,000 employees, which will provide approximately $15 million annually. Lastly, we surpassed the 2016 P&C revenue synergy goal with placements of almost 30 accounts, representing 8 different industries for approximately $12 million.
 On the tax front, we surpassed our original goal of a 25% adjusted tax rate, a full year ahead of schedule. The 2016 merger-related cost savings guidance was estimated at $20 million of savings in calendar 2016. And I'm pleased to report that we ended the year with almost $40 million of savings. We feel very confident in meeting our 2018 cost savings objectives of $100 million to $125 million. 
 Through the efforts of the operational improvement program, or OIP, we saved approximately $89 million during 2016. We anticipate additional savings of $95 million as we exit 2017. The OIP program is expected to be completed at the end of 2017.
 In addition to the OIP program, we initiated a business restructuring program during the third quarter of 2016, which was completed in the fourth quarter. The restructuring impacted approximately 450 positions across all segments, which cost approximately $50 million. The majority of this cost was incurred in the fourth quarter. 
 We're very focused on delivering on our various cost initiatives, the OIP, cost-related merger synergies and business restructuring, to drive improved margins in 2017.
 Now let's look at each of the segments in more detail. For the quarter, total reportable segment constant currency commissions and fees growth was 3%. Constant currency commissions and fees for Human Capital & Benefits were flat, Corporate Risk & Broking increased 6%, Investment, Risk & Reinsurance decreased 3% and Exchange Solutions increased 21%. All of the revenue results discussed in the segment detail and guidance reflect commissions and fees constant currency, unless specifically stated otherwise.
 Turning to Human Capital & Benefits or HCB. HCB commission and fee growth was flat. On an organic basis, commissions and fees decreased 2%. The HCB segment experienced the largest impact of the business restructuring effort. More than 325 positions were eliminated. This restructuring was intended to create better alignment with client expectations and market demand and also to improve our leverage model. However, given the size of this initiative in the HCB segment, we experienced more business disruption in this segment than in any of the others.
 Retirement commissions and fees were down as a result of a decrease in actuarial fees, partly offset by new pension administration client fees. The business restructuring impacted almost 160 positions, mainly in Europe and the U.S. Demand for consulting assignments was down in the Netherlands, and we're in an off-cycle period of pension negotiations in the U.K., which typically occur every 3 years. There was also less data-related project work associated with bulk lump sums than anticipated.
 Talent and Rewards commissions and fees were down primarily due to a decline in executive compensation and reward, and talent and communication work in North America. The restructuring impacted over 100 positions in Talent and Rewards. We saw fewer transaction-related projects and uncertainty in regulatory and economic conditions in advance of the U.S. November elections. Health care consulting continued to see commission and fee growth, primarily as a result of new business won outside of the North American region. Technology and Administration Solutions, or TAS, continued to produce strong results due to new clients. We continue to have a positive outlook for the HCB business in 2017 and expect momentum to build during the year.
 Turning to Corporate Risk & Broking or CRB. Commissions and fees grew 6% from the prior year as a result of the Gras Savoye acquisition. On an organic basis, commissions and fees were flat. Revenue increased in all regions, except for North America. Great Britain's revenue increased due to growth in construction, retail and aerospace. Western Europe grew as a result of Gras Savoye and the affinity business in Northern Europe. International revenues increased as a result of Gras Savoye. A slight rebound in the Venezuela and Brazil P&C businesses was offset by continued softness in Asia and Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa. Revenue declined in North America as a result of less new business. We expect the general pricing trends to continue into 2017, but we also expect that we will gain momentum as we move into the second half of the calendar year. 
 Now to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance. Commissions and fees were down by 3% for the quarter. Organic commissions and fees declined 3%, primarily due to a decline in Reinsurance and Portfolio and Underwriting Services. The Reinsurance line of business represents treaty-based reinsurance only. The facultative Reinsurance results are captured in the CRB segment. North America Reinsurance and Specialty revenue growth was more than offset by revenue declines in the international region and in Portfolio and Underwriting Services due to weakness in underlying premiums and profit-sharing programs on certain contracts as well as rate competition. The fourth quarter is seasonally the softest quarter of the calendar year for IRR.
 We continue to see wholesale delivering solid results from Miller. Investment experienced growth as a result of increased performance fees in the delegated investment services business. We're targeting growth for the IRR business in 2017. While the overall environment may not be changing dramatically, prior year comparables are soft and the sales pipeline is more robust in certain lines of business. 
 Lastly, Exchange Solutions finished up the year with another outstanding quarter with commissions and fees of $174 million, an increase of 21%. Driven by record enrollments, our Retiree and Access Exchange revenues increased 34%, and the rest of the segment increased 9%. Increased membership and new clients drove the revenue increases. Our Health and Welfare and North American pension outsourcing businesses continue to grow, primarily as a result of the new business won over the last 2 years, which added almost 400,000 lives. 
 We had a very successful exchange enrollment season. As a reminder, revenues are generally recognized as the health care plans become effective, which is January 1st for most of our enrollments. Revenues are recognized on a prorated basis through the calendar year. We enrolled approximately 110,000 retirees and more than 250,000 total lives on the active exchange, our biggest active enrollment ever. Approximately 65% of the active enrollments were on the Liazon platform, and the balance were enrolled on our large company platform. 
 We continue to find that first-year savings are between 5% and 15%. Now most of our clients target a savings of 5% to 8% as they custom configure their plan design. That equates to a first-year savings of approximately $500 per employee. 
 Our 2017 sales pipeline continues to look strong, especially in the mid-market. Large companies continue to be more deliberate in their decision-making process, but we have 4 large clients that have already committed for the 2018 enrollment period. We expect the mid-market to continue adopt at a faster pace than the large companies. We anticipate the revenue growth to slow a little bit in 2017, but continue to feel good about the momentum of this business in the long term.
 Perhaps one of the most important developments of 2016 was confirmation of the merger rationale. While the 2016 revenue performance may not fully reflect our integration and sales efforts, the commitment I see from our colleagues throughout the organization and the steps we've taken to build the framework for long-term success gives me great confidence in achieving our merger objectives. We still have a lot of hard work ahead of us, but the momentum continues to build. Most importantly, we have to keep focusing on our clients, carry forward the financial disciplines initiated in 2016, and continue to work collaboratively as we build and improve our go-to-market strategies. 
 I'd like to conclude my comments today by thanking all of our colleagues for their hard work over this last year. I'm looking forward to reporting on our future success.
 Now I'll turn the call over to Roger. 
Roger Millay: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to add my thanks to our colleagues around the globe for all their efforts during 2016. As we take a step back and consider the progress we've made in just 12 months, bringing together 40,000 colleagues from 3 legacy companies in over 140 countries, it's really quite an accomplishment. While we still have a couple of years to complete our integration, the actions required in the first year of building a new organization and culture are the hardest and most sensitive. There's simply a lot of change to absorb. It took a lot of collaboration and commitment to get us where we are today. And as we turned into our second year, I saw the necessary foundation for our ultimate success building in the right direction.
 Now for the financial results. As a reminder, our segment margins are before consideration of unallocated corporate costs, such as amortization of intangibles, restructuring costs and certain integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions. The segment results include discretionary compensation. Income from operations for the quarter was $88 million or 4.6% of revenues. The prior year fourth quarter pro forma operating income was $131 million or 6.8% of pro forma revenues.
 Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $374 million or 19.4% of revenues. And the prior year quarter pro forma adjusted operating income was $377 million or 19.6% of pro forma revenues. As we highlighted earlier, revenue pressure and seasonality related to Gras Savoye impacted the fourth quarter margin.
 Income from operations for the year ended December 31, 2016, was $551 million or 7% of revenues. The prior year pro forma operating income was $765 million or 10.2% of revenues. Adjusted operating income for the year ended December 31, 2016, was $1.6 billion or 20.4% of adjusted revenues. And the prior year pro forma adjusted operating income was $1.5 billion or 20.2% of pro forma revenues. 
 The GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 3%, and the adjusted tax rate was 19%. For 2016, the GAAP tax rate was 3%, and the adjusted tax rate was 21%.
 Before we discuss the segment operating results, I'd like to remind you that we provided recast segment operating income for the prior periods in the Form 8-K we filed on July 14, 2016. Additionally, our segment margins are calculated using total segment revenues.
 For the fourth quarter, the operating margin for the Human Capital & Benefits segment, or HCB, was 20% as compared to pro forma of 21% in 2015. As expected, the 2016 margin trended lower due to the Gras Savoye margin being lower than the company average. Revenue performance also impacted margins. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the HCB segment operating margin was 21% as compared to pro forma 22% in 2015.
 For the fourth quarter, the CRB business, or Corporate Risk & Broking, had a 32% operating margin as compared to a pro forma 33% in the prior year fourth quarter. Western Europe, as a result of Gras Savoye's seasonality and lower-margin profile, drove the margin down. Operating margin was 21% for both the year ended December 31, 2016, and pro forma 2015.
 For the quarter, the Investment, Risk & Reinsurance segment, or IRR, had a 1% operating margin as compared to pro forma negative 3% in the prior year fourth quarter. The margin improvement was from investment, RCS and wholesale. IRR experiences a seasonally low operating margin in the fourth quarter, primarily driven by the timing of revenue in reinsurance. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the IRR segment operating margin, inclusive of the JLT legal settlement, was 21% as compared to pro forma 19% in 2015.
 For the quarter, the Exchange Solutions segment had an 8% operating margin as compared to pro forma 10% margin in the prior year fourth quarter. TAS and Retiree and Access Exchanges led the segment with 23% and 18% operating margins, respectively, as we continue to invest in the actives exchange. For the year ended December 31, 2016, the Exchange Solutions segment operating margin was 16% as compared to 11% pro forma in the prior year.
 Moving to the balance sheet. We continue to have a strong financial position. Free cash flow was $288 million in the fourth quarter and $745 million for the year ended 2016. This was almost $100 million greater than our original expectation as noted during our Analyst Day. We continue to focus on enhancing free cash flow in 2017. 
 This stronger free cash flow provided the capital to repurchase approximately $400 million of Willis Towers Watson's stock in 2016 rather than the previously announced $300 million we had initially targeted. In November, we increased our share repurchase plan by $1 billion, and anticipate a total repurchase of about $0.5 billion for 2017.
 On February 8, 2017, the Willis Towers Watson Board of Directors approved a 10% increase to the regular quarterly cash dividend, which will now be $0.53 per common share per quarter. This is targeted to maintain the payout ratio of approximately 25%.
 Now let's review our guidance for fiscal year 2017. In fiscal '17, we're expecting constant currency revenue growth to be in the 2% to 3% range. Constant currency and organic revenue will be aligned as we now have a full year of results for all of the 2015 acquisitions. We expect adjusted EBITDA to be in the range of 23% to 24%. We continue to drive our business improvement and cost-reduction programs, and expect to demonstrate clear momentum in 2017 toward our goal of a 25% adjusted EBITDA margin.
 For segment revenues, we're expecting low single-digit constant currency commissions and fees growth for our HCB, CRB and IRR. As we put a year of integration and restructuring focus behind us, we expect to see gradual growth enhancement in these businesses as the year goes on. Exchange Solutions revenue growth is expected to slow to around 10% due to stabilization of the retiree enrollments. As we've mentioned previously, the retiree enrollments will be episodic from year-to-year, depending on the timing of large clients joining the exchange. While we continue to expect the actives exchange growth to be very strong, the enrollment base is still relatively small.
 As of 2017, we're aligning the Max Matthiessen business from HCB to IRR, and the fine arts and jewelry team from IRR to CRB. In addition, we're harmonizing corporate expense allocation methodologies. The changes made for 2017 will have an impact on year-over-year segment margins. Given these changes, we will not be providing segment margin guidance in 2017. You'll continue to see the segment margin results each quarter, and we plan to file a year-over-year comparison prior to our first quarter earnings.
 The 2017 adjusted tax rate is expected to be 23% to 24%. The tax rate is expected to increase from 2016 due to onetime discrete items, which will not repeat in 2017. Adjusted diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $8.40 to $8.55. 
 Guidance assumes average currency exchange rates of $1.25 to GBP 1 and $1.08 to EUR 1. We expect to generate approximately $30 million in merger cost synergies in 2017 and incur approximately $180 million of expense for integration-related items. We're making good progress on the cost synergies and expect to achieve the high end of our 2018 savings goal of $100 million to $125 million. Integration expenses and restructuring costs will continue to be adjusted from our GAAP measures.
 As John mentioned earlier, we expect to save approximately $95 million from OIP in 2017, the final year of the program, and plan to spend approximately $140 million. The OIP restructuring will continue to be adjusted from GAAP measures.
 Finally, depreciation is expected to be approximately $175 million to $195 million, and capital expenditures are expected to be approximately $250 million. As we've been discussing, 2016 was a year of building a new organization, a new way to address our clients' needs and developing strong focus on financial management. I think we've succeeded in building this foundation, and I expect to see our financial performance momentum grow in 2017. 
 Now I'll hand it back to John. 
John Haley: Thanks, Roger. And now, we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Crdit Suisse. 
Ryan Tunis: I guess just following up on the segment outlooks for brokerage and for HRB next year, it sounded like low single-digit organic expense growth, which implies a decent amount of acceleration from what we've seen year-to-date, especially on the brokerage side. I guess looking back at '16, you talked a little bit about the revenue synergies. How much do you think revenue dissynergies may have impacted that comp? Because I'm just trying to bridge from where we've been in Corporate Risk & Broking, which is -- and IRR, which has been 0 to sub-0 to getting that to low single digits? 
John Haley: Okay. Well, Roger may want to add to this, but I would say, I think revenue synergies did not play any significant effect at all. Frankly, we didn't really see any revenue dissynergies really across the company. I think the reason for the revenue growth being off in 2016 was really reflected in a distraction that we had that took people -- had them more internally focused than it should have been, didn't have the best go-to-market operation that we could have had, and it distracted from our new business efforts. But I don't think revenue dissynergies were anything that really added to that. 
Ryan Tunis: Okay. And then my follow-up, I guess, is just on thinking about 2% to 3% organic growth this year. And I guess looking out to '18, thinking about the $10 number, do you think you need acceleration off to 2% to 3% in '18 to be able to hit that? Or are we still sort of thinking that capital management and organic expense management can produce those type of results, even if we're still sort of in a 2% to 3% organic growth environment? 
John Haley: Yes. So I think I would say this with regard to the $10 number. When you think about the various components that we had to get there, one of them was certainly revenue growth. Really, we thought 3%  plus was -- we needed to get to that to be achieving $10. The other items were our tax rate getting to 25% or better, and I think we got a check next to that. Our share repurchase, actually, if you think about last year, we -- in the beginning of the year, we said we were going to be try to be -- purchase $200 million worth of shares last year. And then midway through, we said we'd like to get to $300 million. We ended up purchasing $400 million. So we feel good about what we were able to accomplish there. As Roger said, we expect to buy back at least $500 million worth of shares this year. So that is -- that's in place as to where we want to be. And we'll continue to buy shares back in 2018 also, probably at a higher clip than we have in 2017. And then we want to get the expense savings and the margin enhancement. And we referenced a couple of times some of the OIP savings that we expect to get coming out of 2017. So we're on board for almost all the things. We just see we have to get the revenue growth up a little bit, but we're focused right now on getting the 2% to 3% level for 2017. And we think that will give us a good base to improve that going into 2018. 
Ryan Tunis: Okay. And then just lastly, I guess in the retirement business, if you could just help us understand the macro sensitivity of that, just given the move in hiring rates, the new administration, it sounds like a lot of the slowdown there was less actuarial work lump sum, but it sounded like it was maybe being replaced with pension administration. How should we think about that if interest rates are sort of where they are, continuing to rise? Is that an area where you're going to continue to see kind of sluggish organic growth? 
John Haley: Yes. I think overall, that's right. I mean, look, we've had some of our competitors have reported. When you look at our retirement revenue growth, it's almost identical to theirs. So maybe that's not so surprising. Now on top of it though, we had the restructuring program, which was largely focused on retirement. And when I was younger, I used to think you could put these restructuring programs in place and not lose any revenue in the short run. But I've learned from experience that that's not the case. So the fact that we had retirement slow down a little bit was not a particular surprise here. That happened. But we think -- we love the restructuring we did. We think it positions us extraordinarily well for the future. So that was clearly the right thing to do. So that hurt us a little bit in the fourth quarter. But as I said, even then, we still came out right at the same level as our competitors. So we feel good about this going into 2017. When we look at the outlook for 2017, I think the thing that we would most focus on is, this is probably likely -- it's never -- you can never tell at this stage in the year. But this is probably likely to be a slower growth for bulk lump sum work or a real slowdown in bulk lump sum work compared to other years. Now bulk lump sum work, it varies. I mean, I think, 2013, it was $28 million; 2014, I think it was over $75 million or, I think, it's around $77 million or something. It's been just under $50 million, 2015 and 2016. We think it's going to go down substantially in 2017. But bulk lump sum is granular. One of the reasons we think it will probably go down is because we're likely to see several rate increases during the year. It's not the absolute level. It's the arbitrage between where you can pay out the lump sum at and what you're recording it at as the accounting expense. So 2017 might be a low year for bulk lump sums. In the end, that may just mean that there's more work in 2018. We see this as you got to look at it in on a multiyear cycle. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Sarah DeWitt with JPMorgan. 
Sarah DeWitt: Just looking at the margin in the quarter, could you talk about how you see the margin expansion, given the low organic growth? And just walk us through how much came from OIP dropping to the bottom line versus integration savings versus if there was any FX margin benefit? 
Roger Millay: Sure, Sarah. So we think -- again, maybe just to step back to the margin trends for the year, and we've been watching all the elements closely quarter-to-quarter. And as we said in the third quarter, we saw probably about a few percentage points in sequential drop in expenses, and that sort of trend continued into the fourth quarter. And really, we think it's the combination -- kind of as John and I both referred to in our remarks, it's the combination of continuing to push across the board on the savings initiatives, which now -- you mentioned 2 of the elements, and the third element is the business restructuring. So all of those kicking in along with just the financial discipline that we're employing throughout the company. And so margin comes gradually. And last time we said we weren't sure that we saw all those efforts flow through, but I think this time you're seeing it. So I think those were the drivers. 
Sarah DeWitt: Okay, great. And then separately, I'd be interested to get your thoughts on some of the macro issues post the U.S. election. If the U.S. tax rate fell to 20%, but there was no interest deduction, what would that mean for Willis Towers Watson's earnings? And then also, would you be impacted by border adjustment at all? Since you're domiciled outside the U.S., would your services be considered an import? 
John Haley: So I think, just generally on the taxes, it's 2 points: one is, it depends very much on the details of how these things are structured as to how we could do that. Depending on exactly what's in there, we could get a slight benefit. We could see our taxes even increase, depending on what the details of that are. I think whatever we see, anything we've modeled there, it's still within us achieving our 2018 goals of being at 25% or less. So nothing that would impact that. I think -- and by the way, all of the modeling we've done is sort of a worst case because it's a steady state, assuming we don't make any changes in response to new tax legislation, which we wouldn't do. So overall, we don't -- we'd see any changes as being relatively modest. It actually is possible under certain scenarios for our tax rate to go up, but it doesn't go up that much. I think how a border-adjusted tax applies to services, the short answer is nobody knows. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: My first question is -- centers around your comments around the Exchange Solutions segment. You talked about a global -- a slowdown or a normalization in that business. Perhaps you could provide some additional color on that. 
John Haley: Yes, sure. So let me just mention, Greg, what's really going on here. The biggest part of the business we have right now is the retiree part of the business. And the retiree part of the business, we've been very fortunate. We've gotten almost all of the really big cases that have gone on to the exchanges. We've won almost every one of them. But there's -- at some point, you run out of -- there's fewer and fewer of those big ones to go out. And so we did -- our largest client ever we implemented last year. Of course, that's what led to the big enrollments we have for this year, and the big revenue growth. We don't have a similar really big one that we are implementing this year. We're still going to get up to 110,000 retirees because we're getting a lot of them. But the one client that accounted for, I think, it was 140,000, 145,000 retirees last year. So 110,000 is still a great result, but it doesn't make up for that one big client. So we're seeing that slow down a little bit. I think the -- what I would point to, and as Roger said, the active exchange is a smaller piece of the business. In the long run, that's what we expect to be by far the dominant part of the business. Our growth rate was terrific there the last year. We've really added a lot of folks. We've already got 4 big clients signed up for 2018. So we're very -- we're very enthusiastic about that, but that's a small part of the piece that's having that high growth rate. 
Charles Peters: And I know you've already commented in some other answers about the legacy OIP program. But -- if we could just step back in from a big-picture perspective, I know periodically last year, you expressed some frustration about the ability for these savings actually to fall to the bottom line. And perhaps now that you have it under your belt, you could provide some updated perspective on the legacy OIP program. And what you think might be impactful as we think about '17 and '18? 
John Haley: Let me make just two quick comments, and then I'll turn it over Roger, who I know will want to provide some more color. But I think -- I think we were -- I think frustrated is the right word. That it was -- we had these good savings we were getting in OIP, and for one reason they weren't dropping to the bottom line. And I think one of the things we said to the analyst and investor community was we were actually going to be focused less on what the top line savings in OIP were, but really how -- are we going to be getting margin improvement, are we going to be seeing things falling through there. And in last quarter, Roger talked about our sequential expenses being down, and I think he said at that time, this is too early for us to say this is a real trend, and we're waiting to see what happens in the fourth quarter. And as he just mentioned in his prepared remarks, I think the fourth quarter's come in, and we've said, okay, they are down again, and we're seeing margin improvements. So we feel like that kind of a focus is paying off, and we're seeing some results there. We're still not exactly where we would like to be, but I think we have seen parts of the operation -- I think in Great Britain, there was enthusiastic adoption of the OIP program, and we've seen it had a very positive effect on margins there. So I think one of the things we want to do is take some of the learnings from that and apply them worldwide. But Roger, maybe you want to add. 
Roger Millay: Yes. The only thing, John, I'd add to that is, again, refer to probably the -- one of the changes in our remarks this time and that we both talked about financial discipline. And I think it fits what John said about our emphasis early in the year, internally and externally, just shifting more to really thinking about value -- thinking on a more focused basis about value creation through margin enhancement in these programs. And it really seems as we ended 2016 that, that was showing through in the financials. It's something that we emphasized in the budget process, really challenging ourselves to find the levers, to see the enhancement as we go forward and know how we had to manage different parts of the business to make sure margin came through as a result of those cost programs. And I think the results now, as John said, are showing through in the margin line. So it bodes well, I think, for 2017. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: Just want to drill down a little bit specific on the cost saving, the 3 buckets there. I just want to make sure you mentioned that the integration savings will be $30 million in 2017 and $95 million from OIP program. And how much of that will drop to the bottom line? And also, you have the business restructuring in HCB segment. How much saving will that be in 2017? 
Roger Millay: Yes. I'd say in terms of the individual amounts and consistent with what we just talked about in the last question, the drive here is to achieve a margin improvement. So we came at -- came in with, what, 22.3%, I think we said, EBITDA margin for 2016. We're guiding to 23% to 24%. So if you take the $30 million, plus the $95 million, plus some, I don't know, tens of millions of dollars, I don't have the specific number in front of me for the business restructuring, that's what's really driving the overall margin improvement, which was in that range of -- based on the range we gave you of around 100 basis points. So again, without specifying by individual program, that's margin improvement, obviously, of somewhere around $80 million. 
Kai Pan: Okay. That's assuming there's no cost [ph] in top line, right? 
John Haley: Well, actually, we have -- the reason we don't have every last dollar in there is because there is some cost on the top line. 
Kai Pan: Okay, great. And my second question on the sort of free cash flow side. You guided about $500 million buyback 2017. If you add about $300 million for the dividends, that's $800 million. That's pretty much the same free cash flow in 2016. I just wonder, is there -- either there no growth in free cash flow or you plan to use part of free cash flow for other purposes. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, I think, in general, now that we're using round hundreds of millions of dollars here, you're doing the numbers correctly. There are some other payments going out. We do have, related to some past acquisitions, some payouts of contingent consideration. So that's a little bit of an add to what you mentioned. But in general, we're circling, call it, available free cash. I don't know that anybody really uses that term, but maybe we made it up here. We're looking to target available free cash to payback in share repurchases. That's roughly what we're trying to communicate. 
Kai Pan: Okay. Any plan -- sort of -- would acquisition be a focus here or not? 
John Haley: Well, we would never want to rule out if there is some really attractive acquisition. But I think at the moment, we think we're going to be hard play -- hard put to find something that's more attractive than buying our own stock. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Adam Klauber with William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: In the North American U.S. brokerage operation, in '16, did the level of producers -- was it pretty much flat, did it grow or did it decline? And how are you thinking about the level of producers in North America in '17? 
John Haley: Yes. The level of producers is -- was lower at the end of 2016 than it was at the beginning. There's a number of moving pieces that occurred there. One is that we have some smaller accounts that we've transferred over to -- we've sort of sold some operations or we've transferred them over under some agreements we have to some other operations, and we lose some producers when we do that. We had some retirements. We had some folks who moved from producer to nonproducer status, where they're still managing clients but they're doing it in a different way. We did have some turnover among the producers. So we did have fewer producers at the end than at the beginning. At the end of the day, I think the turnover rate was about -- the voluntary turnover rate was about what we would have expected. I think going forward for 2017, we would expect to see an increase in the number of producers. We expect to have more producers at the end of the year than we have now. 
Adam Klauber: Okay, great. And one follow-up. I'm not sure if you said it, but how is organic running in the wholesale business? And again, do you expect that in '17 to be better than the other parts of IRR? 
Roger Millay: Yes, the wholesale business, led by Miller, was up in 2016, and we expect continued steady growth performance. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with Baird. 
Mark Marcon: Nice to see the progress. I was wondering if you could just talk about a few things. One, you did a great job in terms of outlining the area of revenue synergies that you ended up seeing in 2016. I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit about the targeted revenue synergies that you would have at the highest point in your list and highest aspirations for 2017 and 2018? 
John Haley: Well, we have -- so I think -- let me just mention something about the revenue synergies too, Mark. When I went through them, the revenue synergies are the run rate that we were expecting to get from selling these things, it's not the revenue synergies that necessarily occurred in the year. So for example, when I talked about the Exchange Solutions and the revenue synergies from the mid-market, we sell the mid-market. For the most part, they're going to be implementing January 1 that we're getting. So the ones we sold in 2016, we're getting the revenue in 2017. So I [indiscernible] number. 
Mark Marcon: Totally appreciate that. 
John Haley: But it's not revenue that you would have seen there. Likewise, even for like the large company P&C, most of those were sold in the second half of the year, and so you haven't seen much of the revenue increases there. So when we come to this as to where we'd expect to be, I think, generally, we were -- as I said, the revenue synergies we expected to be about 5% to 10% of what the ultimate run rate goal was for the end of 2018, we expect it to be there at the end of 2016. It's probably between about 1/3 and 40% is where we expect to be at the end of 2017. 
Mark Marcon: That is great. And then, can you just talk about the Exchange Solutions in terms of what you ended up seeing there with the 4 large clients that you've got on the active exchange coming on in '18? Any way to size that in terms of number of lives or scope? And how you would think the momentum would build with those 4 getting announced? 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, I think it's -- we don't have an exact figure to give right now. I'd say it will be over 100,000 for those lives, for those for 4 clients we have there. I think one or 2 of them we even talked about potentially whether they might decide to adopt in 1/1/2017. And I think as we worked with them, it became clear that the -- because of all the things they had to pull together as well as what we could have done, we probably could have adopted for 1/1/2017, but I think they wanted to make sure they had everything going well. And we now have a very good plan with them. So we found that encouraging. I think it fits with the general theme that the larger companies, it's a longer time talking about it. It's more planning. Their organizations are more complex. I think they're more risk averse about doing it. So you need to build in a longer process for that. But frankly, we feel very good about the enrollment season we had for what we're implementing for 1/1/2017, and we think this gives us a lot of momentum heading into 2018. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And if I could squeeze in 2 more. One would just basically be with regards to the uncertainty around the ACA. How would you expect that to end up impacting your health care consulting business here in the U.S.? And then the second question would be totally different. But on the CRB side, when we think about Todd taking over and the recent fine-tuning of the management team under him, how's that -- how do you expect just from a cultural perspective the adoption of a pay-for-performance kind of culture to translate to retention and performance? 
John Haley: Yes. So thanks. So the first one on the ACA, I mean, frankly, the ACA doesn't impact our typical client all that much. When we deal with it in the exchanges, we only deal with it in a few limited circumstances. When we deal with it in our consulting, some of our clients that have lower-paid folks that they don't want to provide health care coverage for or have a lot of part-time workers or something, it comes into it. But it's not the biggest part of what our -- it's not a very large part at all of what our consulting does. So I think in general, changes there won't have a significant impact on our health care consulting business. Who knows, maybe we'll get a few more questions about this. But in the CRB business, I think one of the things -- I know the -- you didn't get a chance to see Todd and Carl in person at Analyst Day, but you did get a chance to hear them over the phone. I think they're both individuals who really understand the segments that they are working with and leading. I think Todd commands great respect throughout the organization. I think people appreciate the fact that he has a long background in brokerage. I think they believe in his vision of the future. So I'm as excited as can be to have him rolling out his program and leading that operation. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: Yes. A few questions. First off, in your 2017 guidance, are you including any impact from currency? 
Roger Millay: Well, the guidance is based on the rates that I stated in my remarks. I think it was $1.24 for the GBP 1 and $1.08 for the EUR 1. I think -- I believe that's what we said. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Do you know what that -- what would that translates to in bottom line in terms of EPS? 
Roger Millay: Yes. I really don't have specific numbers. There isn't a huge impact for us EPS-wise with changes to the pound and the euro because we do have kind of -- in the legacy businesses, one of them was net -- in the P&L net long pound, the other was net short pound. We do have profitability in the euro. So a little more exposure there. But big movements don't drive a lot of -- or movements don't drive a big impact on EPS. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of the fourth quarter margins, I know on the last call we had mentioned there potentially being a lower level of incentive comp just as the revenue was you guys said a little bit lower than you would've expected for this year. Did that have an impact on the fourth quarter margins? 
Roger Millay: There's -- certainly, we do have a pay-for-performance system, and we update that as the year goes on. There would have been a little bit of an impact in the fourth quarter, but not something that was a big driver. 
John Haley: Not anything that was way out of whack. And in fact, and for the year, we came in right in a range, we say in between 30% and 35% of -- sort of our net operating income. And we came right in there. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then in terms of the margin outlook for 2017, I know you guys did go through the components of the OIP and the merger-related savings that you expect to see fall to the bottom line. Do you expect that -- to see that even? Like I mean, will we see more of the OIP savings fall to the bottom line within your Q1 margins? Just how do you think about the projection of that kind of as we move through 2017? 
Roger Millay: I think there is -- this being the last year of OIP, and I think there is a push of getting all the possible activity done by the end of 2017. So I think OIP impact issue will be a little bit back-end loaded in the year. I think the cost savings from the merger cost savings probably pretty even. I think -- I don't think there's -- I can't think of a big kind of driver of -- early or late of any of those programs. The restructuring savings from the business, of course, incurred -- occurred in the second half of 2016. So we'll have the biggest impact on margins in the first half of the year. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then one more question, if I may. Does your guidance for IRR assume a return to growth just within the Reinsurance component of that segment in 2017? Or how are you just thinking about the outlook for the Reinsurance business? 
Roger Millay: Yes, I think, in our outlook, the Reinsurance business was roughly flat in the outlook. 
Operator: Thank you. And due to time, this does conclude today's question-and-answer session. And I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. John Haley for any further remarks. 
John Haley: Okay. Thanks very much, everybody. And we look forward to talking with you after our next quarter -- our first quarter earnings call in May. 
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-04 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2016 Willis Tower Watson Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference is being recorded.
 I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Aida Sukys, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, please go ahead. 
Aida Sukys: Thanks very much, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson earnings call. On the call today are John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer; and Roger Millay, our Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to our website for the press release issued earlier today.
 Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone through Monday by dialing (404) 537-3406, conference ID 4925029. The replay will also be available for the next 3 months on our website.
 This call may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, involving risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of forward-looking statements and a list of other factors that may cause actual results or even -- or events to differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking statements, investors should review the Forward-Looking Statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning, a copy of which is available on our website at willistowerswatson.com as well as other disclosures under the heading of Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements in our most recent annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in other Willis Towers Watson filings with the SEC. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this earnings call. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 During the call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a discussion of the non-GAAP financial measures as well as reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures under Regulation G to the most directly comparable GAAP measures, investors should review the press release and supplemental slides we posted on our website. After our prepared remarks, we'll open the conference call for your questions.
 Now I'll turn the call over to John Haley. 
John Haley: Thanks, Aida. Good morning, everyone. Today, we'll review our results for the third quarter of 2016 and provide updated guidance for the full year of 2016. We'll also provide consolidated 2016 and certain pro forma 2015 financial results.
 Our segment results for this quarter are presented based on the new Willis Towers Watson structure. We've provided historical Willis Towers Watson segment information in an 8-K filed on July 14, 2016.
 I'd like to take a few minutes to address the management changes we announced last week. First, I'd like to thank Dominic Casserley for his contributions to Willis and all of his efforts in assisting in the creation of Willis Towers Watson. Dominic has been a terrific partner throughout the entire transaction and integration process. Second, I'm extremely pleased with the appointments we've made to the Investment, Risk & Reinsurance and the Corporate Risk & Broking businesses and to the Americas region. Not only have we enhanced the Operating Committee by increasing the strength of the brokerage perspective, but I'm very excited about bringing the vision and passion Carl Hess, Todd Jones and Joe Gunn bring to their new roles. I'm confident that based on their previous success and the depth of their knowledge of our business, they'll continue to be strong and effective leaders.
 Now let's turn to our results for the quarter. Reported revenues for the quarter were $1.78 billion, a 2% increase on a pro forma basis compared to the prior year. This includes $51 million of negative currency movement on a pro forma basis. Commissions and fees for the reportable segments were up 2% on an organic basis.
 The net loss attributable to Willis Towers Watson for the quarter was $32 million as compared to the prior year pro forma net income of $209 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $275 million or 15.5% of revenues as compared to the prior year pro forma adjusted EBITDA of $307 million or 17.6% of revenues. The year-over-year decline is due to revenue pressure from CRB and IRR and the seasonality of the Gras Savoye business. Adjusted EBITDA for the first 9 months of 2016 was $1.35 billion or 22.5% of adjusted revenues as compared to pro forma adjusted EBITDA for the first 9 months of 2015 of $1.27 billion or 22.8% of adjusted revenues.
 For the quarter, loss per diluted share was $0.23, and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.04. Currency fluctuations, net of hedging, had a negative impact of $0.02 on adjusted EPS.
 Before moving on to the segment results, I'd like to provide an update on 3 areas of integration: revenue synergies, cost synergies and tax savings. First, let's discuss the revenue synergies. In the first year, we expected to achieve sales of approximately 5% to 10% of our stated 2018 revenue synergies. We are where we want to be, but we also realize that achieving our first year goals is a small portion of our overall objective and we still have a lot of work ahead of us. As we've discussed on previous calls, the global health solutions and mid-market revenues will primarily be recognized in 2017. The majority of the P&C wins will also impact 2017 and beyond.
 We're continuing to make good progress in the 3 areas of revenue synergies we've outlined in our previous communications: global health care solutions, the mid-market health care exchange and the U.S. large market P&C sector.
 We've won another 6 global health care solution clients this quarter, and the pipeline continues to look very strong. We also won 30 single-country multinational assignments.
 Turning to the mid-market exchange. As previously discussed, we sold approximately 70,000 eligible lives for the 2017 enrollment. We may see a pause in sales activity while the enrollment season is underway but continue to be pleased with our 2018 sales pipeline. Lastly, in the U.S. P&C large company space, we've been awarded 16 new projects so far this year.
 Now moving on to the tax and cost synergies. We continue to be on track to achieve our original goal of a 25% adjusted tax rate, a full year ahead of schedule, in fact. We continue to expect to exceed this goal longer term.
 We originally estimated merger cost synergies of $100 million to $125 million by the end of 2018 and believe we're on track to achieve this goal. We continue to estimate savings of approximately $20 million in calendar 2016 with an exit run rate of at least $30 million.
 Next, I'd like to move to the Operational Improvement Program or OIP. Incremental savings from OIP were approximately $14 million from the third quarter of 2015. We incurred an incremental $11 million of restructuring costs in the same time period. We plan to spend approximately $165 million in 2016 for restructuring charges.
 Now let's look at the performance as well as our revenue and margin expectations of each of our segments. On an overall constant currency basis, commissions and fees for Human Capital & Benefits increased 5%, Corporate Risk & Broking increased 8%, Investment, Risk & Reinsurance decreased 5% and Exchange Solutions increased 25%. All of the revenue results discussed in the segment detail and guidance reflect commissions and fees constant currency, unless specifically stated otherwise.
 Now let's look at each of the segments in more detail. Turning to Human Capital & Benefits or HCB. HCB generated growth of 5%, driven primarily by the Gras Savoye acquisition. On an organic basis, commissions and fees increased 2%. Retirement commissions and fees were up slightly due to increased bulk lump sum project work in the U.S. and new pension administration client implementations, which were offset by softness in the Netherlands. Talent and Rewards commissions and fees were up as a result of strong demand for executive compensation work and the delivery of data surveys. But we continue to experience softness in the Rewards, Talent and Communication business in North America and EMEA.
 Moving to health and benefits. We continue to see strong demand in the large company space globally, with strong product and planned management activity in North America. Technology and Administration Solutions, or TAS, continued to produce solid results due to new clients and higher call center demand.
 We continue to have a positive outlook for HCB business for the rest of 2016. We should continue to see both lump sum projects in the fourth quarter. Talent and Rewards is seasonally stronger in the second half of the calendar year, and we continue to expect growth in the health and benefits and TAS businesses.
 Turning to Corporate Risk & Broking or CRB. Commissions and fees grew 8% from the prior year as a result of the Gras Savoye acquisition. On an organic basis, commissions and fees were flat. Revenue declines in North America and in the international business offset the growth in Great Britain and Western Europe. In North America, a onetime project in 2015 created a strong comparable, and our new business was lower than expected. China and Brazil accounted for most of the revenue declines in our international business as a result of the economic and political climate in those countries. Great Britain had very strong results across all lines of business, and Iberia led the growth for Western Europe, with some weakness in Denmark and with the affinity business.
 We expect Great Britain and Western Europe to continue providing revenue growth, and we don't see any significant near-term changes in the Asian and Latin American markets. We're seeing a small pricing headwind in the North American market and continue to focus on building our new business pipeline. Overall, we expect similar results in the fourth quarter.
 Now to Investment, Risk & Reinsurance. Commissions and fees were down by 5% for the quarter. Organic commissions and fees declined 5%, primarily due to a decline in the Reinsurance and Capital Markets business. The decline in North American reinsurance revenues offset the revenue growth in the other regions. The Capital Markets business, which is generally volatile and is dependent on transactions, generated its highest revenue ever in the third quarter of calendar year '15 and had nominal revenue this quarter. So while the business is rather small to our portfolio, the volatility had a material impact on the growth of the segment.
 On a positive note, we continue to see wholesale delivering solid results from Miller. Risk Consulting had modest revenue growth, led by software sales, and Investment had a very strong quarter as a result of increased performance fees and a soft comparable in the third quarter of '15. We anticipate that IRR will continue to see headwinds in the Reinsurance and Capital Markets businesses as we don't expect the overall environment to change by the end of the calendar year.
 Lastly, Exchange Solutions followed up the strong first half with another outstanding quarter with commissions and fees of $161 million, an increase of 25%. Driven by record enrollments, our retiree and access exchanges revenue increased 35%, and the other Exchange Solutions businesses increased 14%. Increased membership and new clients drove the revenue increases. Our Health and Welfare administration business continues to grow, primarily as a result of the new business we've won over the last 2 years.
 We continue to receive high satisfaction scores from retirees, where 95% feel they selected the right plans to best meet their needs, and we have an overall 93% retiree satisfaction rate. We've also experienced 100% renewal as our first round of active exchange client contracts were ending this year.
 We expect the fourth quarter revenue growth to be more moderate as the retiree and health and welfare businesses start to overlap the strong enrollment numbers and new clients, which were added in the fourth quarter of calendar year '15, which created a strong comparable.
 I'm pleased with the progress on a number of initiatives associated with the merger, especially the focus on revenue synergies. We're even seeing crossover in marketing efforts we did not contemplate as we created Willis Towers Watson and remain committed to continue to support and encourage these activities. In order to provide the investments needed to attain our growth goals, we're taking steps to help ensure we achieve our merger commitments of enhanced margins and shareholder return. We're extremely focused on balancing our growth initiative while maintaining financial discipline. I feel we have the right team in place to deliver the 2017 objectives and beyond.
 And last, I'd like to thank all of our colleagues for their enthusiasm in supporting our efforts and their continued steadfast commitments to our clients.
 Now I'll turn the call over to Roger. 
Roger Millay: Great. Thanks, John, and good morning to everyone. I'd like to add my congratulations to Todd Jones, Carl Hess and Joe Gunn. I'm excited about how the experience Todd, Carl and Joe bring to the table aligns with our long-term opportunities and goals. And based on their proven track records, I'm confident in their future success.
 Now for our financial results. As a reminder, our segment margins are before consideration of unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles, restructuring costs and certain integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions. The segment results include discretionary compensation.
 Income from operations for the quarter was $1 million or 0.1% of revenues. The prior year third quarter pro forma operating income was $104 million or 5.9% of revenues. Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $243 million or 13.7% of revenues, and the prior year quarter pro forma adjusted operating income was $267 million or 15.3% of revenues. As we highlighted earlier, revenue pressure and seasonality related to Gras Savoye impacted the third quarter margin.
 Income from operations for the first 9 months of 2016 was $463 million or 7.8% of revenues. The prior year first 9 months pro forma operating income was $632 million or 11.3% of revenues. Adjusted operating income for the first 9 months of 2016 was $1.25 billion or 20.7% of adjusted revenues, and the prior year first 9 months pro forma adjusted operating income was $1.13 billion or 20.3% of revenues. The GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 46%, and the adjusted tax rate was 22%.
 Before we discuss the segment operating margins, I'd like to remind you that we provided recast segment operating income for the prior periods in the 8-K we filed on July 14, 2016. Additionally, our segment margins are calculated using total segment revenues.
 For the third quarter, the operating margin for the Human Capital & Benefits segment, or HCB, was 16% as compared to pro forma 17% last year. As expected, the 2016 margin trended lower due to the Gras Savoye margin being lower than the company average.
 For the first 9 months of 2016, the HCB segment operating margin was 22% as compared to pro forma 23% in 2015. We continue to anticipate the HCB segment operating margin will be in the low 20% range for the year.
 For the third quarter, the Corporate Risk & Broking segment, or CRB, had an 11% operating margin as compared to a pro forma 14% operating margin in the prior year third quarter. Revenue pressure from North America and the international business impacted margin. The heavy weighting of Gras Savoye in the first quarter has also changed the seasonality of the quarterly margin. For the first 9 months, the operating margins for 2016 and pro forma for 2015 were 16%. We continue to anticipate CRB's operating margin to be around 20% for the year. The change in leadership has not impacted the focus to drive margin enhancement.
 For the quarter, the Investment, Risk & Reinsurance segment, or IRR, had an 8% operating margin as compared to pro forma 10% operating margin in the prior year third quarter. The revenue pressure from Capital Markets and Reinsurance was generally offset by growth in Wholesale, Risk Consulting and Investment. For the first 9 months of 2016, the IRR segment operating margin was 26% as compared to pro forma 25% in 2015. Inclusive of the JLT legal settlement, we continue to expect the IRR segment margin to be around 20% for the calendar year.
 Exchange Solutions operating margin for the quarter and the prior year pro forma was 12%. For the first 9 months of the calendar year, the Exchange Solutions segment operating margin was 18% as compared to 11% pro forma in the prior year. For the quarter, retiree and access exchanges led the segment with a 27% operating margin as we continue to invest in the active exchange.
 For 2016, we expect the Exchange Solutions segment margin to be in the mid-teens. As a reminder, margins are seasonally higher in the first half of the calendar year as compared to the second half of the calendar year due to cost buildup for the enrollment season. Commissions and fees are recognized over the year once the policies become effective, which is typically the 1st of January.
 Moving to the balance sheet. We continue to have a strong financial position. As of September 30, we had repurchased $233 million of Willis Towers Watson stock. We continue to anticipate a total repurchase of $300 million for 2016.
 Free cash flow was $122 million this quarter and $457 million for the first 9 months of the year. Free cash flow is generally expected to build through the year. We still expect to deliver approximately $650 million in free cash flow for 2016.
 Now let's review our guidance for fiscal year 2016. We expect to incur approximately $150 million to $175 million for both integration and transaction-related items and restructuring items. Integration and transaction-related expenses and restructuring costs will continue to be adjusted from our GAAP measures. In fiscal '16, we're adjusting the expected reported revenue growth to be around 6% and constant currency revenue growth to be in the 9% to 10% range, with the primary growth drivers being the Gras Savoye acquisition and the Exchange Solutions segment. Last quarter, we estimated that organic revenue growth would be in the 2% to 3% range. Based on the third quarter results, we now expect organic revenue growth to be around 2%. 
 We expect GAAP operating income margin to be around 7% and adjusted operating income margin to be around 20%. In calendar 2015, pro forma GAAP operating income margin was 10.5%, and pro forma adjusted operating income margin was 19.3%.
 We're progressing with various cost-reduction programs, which will allow us to keep this margin in line with previous expectations. And we believe that we're beginning to realize the results of this cost control work. While costs can ebb and flow and it can be difficult to fully lock down sequential organic momentum, we believe we saw a modest net sequential enterprise expense reduction in Q2 and that we enhanced the level of sequential reduction in the third quarter versus the second. Assuming continued organic revenue growth, this is the path to margin expansion momentum in 2017.
 On a segment basis, we're holding margin estimates to previously reported estimates for all segments. For revenue guidance, we'll be referring to organic commissions and fees. Based on the third quarter results, we're maintaining low single-digit revenue growth for HCB, lowering CRB revenue estimates from low single-digit growth to flat, lowering IRR revenue estimates from a low single-digit decline to a mid-single-digit decline and, finally, increasing Exchange Solutions revenue growth from high 20s to around 30%.
 The GAAP tax rate for the year is expected to be in the range of 5% to 7%, and the adjusted tax rate is expected to be around 23%. We expected GAAP diluted EPS to be in the range of $2.30 to $2.50. Adjusted diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $7.60 to $7.80, which is in line with our previous guidance. While our financial results this year haven't been as strong as we hoped, this adjusted EPS range represents upper-teens percentage growth over the merger pro forma for 2015. Guidance assumes average currency exchange rates of $1.35 to the pound and $1.12 to the euro.
 I continue to be pleased with the integration efforts. While we're seeing early signs of success in areas like reducing the tax rate, winning projects aligned to our revenue synergies and a greater focus on margin management, many of these initiatives are building the foundation for 2017 and beyond. I remain confident in achieving our long-term success.
 Now I'll turn it back to John. 
John Haley: Thanks very much, Roger, and now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: John, can you just talk a little bit about the progress to date versus the long-term goals? It's slower out of the box on the revenue side, and clearly, you need the CRB segment to pick up in revenue growth on an organic basis to get to where you want to be in a couple of years. What are you seeing internally in the business that makes you feel comfortable that you're going to see that progress over the next, say, year or so? 
John Haley: Yes. Thanks, Shlomo. I think as we came into this year, we could see there were some headwinds in some of the businesses that we were facing a little bit. I think we've seen North America has been a place where we've probably seen it, particularly in CRB more than in some areas, although international has also been a place where we've experienced a good bit of a decline there. We see those things as being -- turning around somewhat next year. I think we had tough comparables on the international; for example, last year, we had some reversals of some income that we had booked in 2015 that occurred this year, that we have going on. I think we -- when we said what we were going to try to do this year, it was, first, we were going to try to make sure we got the right kind of margins, and then we were going to use that to a platform to build with profitable revenue growth. I think that's still been our focus. We feel pretty good about coming in at exactly what we had said last quarter with the EPS. We might be 1% or so lower on the -- or at the bottom end of the revenue guidance that we gave last quarter. But we still feel we'll come in right around there. I think with the new team we have in place, too, I think one of the things I like about that, with some strong brokerage representation for North America leading both CRB and the Americas geography, I think we're well poised to turn around North America there. So I do feel like we have the right people there, we have the right offerings, and I think we just need to build on that. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: So is there anything market-wise that you feel has increased headwinds in North America broking? Or you really think it's a people item or a combination? 
John Haley: I think it's a -- I think you always have a little bit of loss whenever you go through some big changes like this in the merger that we did. So I think we probably lost a little bit of that. I think as we put the organization together, we probably made it a little too complex, too. And I know one of the things that both Todd and Joe Gunn are focused on is making sure that we streamline some of the organization and are spending more time with clients and less time internally. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And then in the IRR business, it seems that the guidance supplies a pretty big step-down next quarter. And is there -- can you just give us a little bit of a thought as to what's in play over there? And is that something that we should continue to see those kinds of declines? Or is that specific to the quarter but don't think about it that way for, say, next year or so? 
John Haley: Yes. I think IRR is a -- it's a mixture of a number of businesses. As we said in the script, the Capital Markets business is a relatively smaller part of that overall portfolio. But in this particular quarter, best quarter ever in the third quarter of 2015. And nominal revenue is really -- I mean, it was pretty close to 0. So it was really quite nominal revenue for this year. And it reflects the fact that there's just been a dearth of deals in the insurance business generally. And so we're not expecting to see, for example, that to pick back up in the fourth quarter, although we do see some signs that 2017 -- I mean, we have had a couple of wins recently that could very well deliver some nice revenue in 2017. So we'll have to see about that. Reinsurance. We have a -- we are facing some headwinds in reinsurance. We -- our facultative reinsurance, of course, is off in CRB. So we don't report that with our -- in IRR. And that's the part of the business that's been growing more than the 3. But -- so we see that business is still facing some headwinds. I think some of restructurings that our clients have done and some of the just withdrawal of reinsurance from the market, as you've seen some big mergers, have also contributed to headwinds for us there. So again, we're not projecting that the fourth quarter is going to be a big improvement there either. I think some of the other businesses, Investment, which has been down for a number of quarters here, we saw some real improvement in the third quarter, and I think we feel better about the fourth quarter now than we would have a quarter or so ago. And I think we're beginning to see some signs in the Risk Consulting and Software of a bit of a pickup. So it's a mixed bag, but I think the -- I think we continue to see pressure on Reinsurance, and we continue to see Capital Markets as being down. And I think, overall, that's what contributes to a lower forecast for the fourth quarter for that segment. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: So if I could sneak in one, just a P&L -- or balance sheet question for Roger. Did the DSO spike up a lot this quarter? And if so, can you just give us a little detail on that? 
Roger Millay: Yes. Not based on our numbers, Shlomo. So I think, in total, on our numbers, we're a little over 100 days this time. I think that's maybe a couple days higher than in the June quarter but not a big spike-up. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Greg Peters with Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: I guess I just wanted to circle back. You gave some excellent color on organic. Can you speak to customer retention, specifically in Corporate Risk & Broking and IRR, especially in light of some organic challenges that you're having there? 
John Haley: Yes. Our retention rate is in the low 90s, which is, I think, about what -- that's about the traditional rate. I think it's standard for that. I think the -- where we've been seeing the pressure on the CRB is actually some new business wins haven't been as high as we might have hoped. And so that's been more the issue than the renewal rate, Greg -- retention rate. 
Charles Peters: Okay. So I mean, I'm just trying to marry that. Roger, you said on your path to margin expansion for 2017 assumes organic growth. Just trying to parse out exactly what you mean by that. And then the follow-on to that, John, would be just -- it doesn't seem like there's a lot of changes in the numbers with the third quarter result that would represent new headwinds towards your 25% EBITDA margin target in 2018. But perhaps you could talk a little bit about anything that's changed from Analyst Day to now that might have adjusted your thinking. 
John Haley: Yes. Actually -- thanks, Greg, for that. And I'll let Roger maybe address that. But let me just address the sort of the macro point you raised there. We don't actually see anything in these results that have -- really changes our thinking from what we presented at Analyst Day. I mean, when you look, as I said, at where we project where our earnings will be this year, we -- we're still right where we thought they would be at Analyst Day. And actually, we're even more confident that we'll be in the range we guided to. So we feel very good about that. The kinds of things -- when we talked in Analyst Day, we talked about what we needed to do to deliver in 2017 and then 2018. We knew that this 2016 had been a tough year and that it was going to continue to be a bit of a tougher year. But I think we feel like we have everything in place to get to where we need to in 2018. Roger, you want to... 
Roger Millay: Yes. Just a comment, Greg, on my words there. And they weren't intended to be profound words. It was actually more -- and I don't say mathematics in front of John. It was arithmetic. But what really we challenged ourselves to do this quarter was step back and say, "Do we start to see the seeds of momentum shift towards our margin expansion goal?" And while we're still in this period of, one, having comparison to big acquisition periods, so that makes it a little difficult on a comparison side. And so the comparisons aren't really apples and apples year-over-year. But we took a look sequentially at what we saw in the numbers. And given the actions we know we've taken this year, the path to margin expansion is continuing the kind of growth as we've had this year, albeit at a low level. And then if sequentially costs are going down, the way margin enhancement pops is you get to a quarter where you're comparing to a year where you began the cost reductions and revenues have been growing through that period, and the margin enhancement pops. And so the only point I was trying to make is -- and again, with a lot of kind of noise in the system and you have to adjust for things that are seasonal in nature, but we believe that we see a sequential cost reduction momentum, which means that when we start comparing next year to 2016, that we would expect to see margin enhancement. So I didn't mean anything particular by citing organic growth, just saying that's the calculation. 
Charles Peters: Perfect. And just a cleanup question on the tax rate. It's been running ahead pretty much all year of where you thought it would be. When do we start factoring in a lower tax rate for 2017 or '18? Or do we still keep it at the mid-20s? 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, I think my view on taxes is, one, there's enough complexity there as I don't like to declare victory on a year until you close the year out. So we're hopeful of -- and as you can tell, we dropped our guidance a bit this quarter. Hopeful that we conclude that this kind of range is where we'd like to see going forward and then maybe set a new goal. But I'd really like to close this year out before we talk about what '17 and '18 might look like. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis with Crdit Suisse. 
Ryan Tunis: My first question, I guess, is just on how to think about variable compensation. And I was wondering if -- and your [ph] organic is slower. Does that change the relationship of, like, variable comp to revenues? In other words, is there margin expansion coming through this year in some shape or form because organic growth hasn't been quite where you guys thought it would be at the start? 
Roger Millay: Well, yes, maybe I'll start with just a more kind of numerical discussion, and John might have some philosophical comments. But -- so certainly, we have incentive compensation programs across our businesses that are sensitized to performance. And you can see in our numbers that the segments -- there's pretty broad diversity of performance in the segments. So there is a reduction at this point in incentive compensation, total dollars versus what the target amounts might be. And so those -- we have had some adjustments over the last couple of quarters. In terms of getting -- where we are right now and getting to the end of the year and having a material impact on margins, I don't think those adjustments are at that level. And I guess the other thing, just in terms of the way the accounting works that I'd observed is that the -- what we called in Towers Watson discretionary compensation, which was a quite material item financially relative to a total year, it's not as material for Willis Towers Watson because there are more separate sales compensation programs in Willis Towers Watson. So anyway, long and the short is just pure kind of bonus, not as impactful as Towers Watson was. But there have been some downward adjustments, and that's a part of -- that's supported margin somewhat. 
John Haley: I guess the only thing I would add about that is to say that our -- we do have a pay-for-performance philosophy, and we expect to pay our people better when results are good and not as well when results are not good. And so we tend to maintain our variable compensation plans of all different stripes. When we add them all together, we come somewhere in, in the low 30s as a percent of our pretax, prevariable comp margins. And so they do adjust. But they actually don't tend to -- they don't tend to affect the margins themselves that much because they tend to be a constant percentage of that. 
Ryan Tunis: Okay. That's really helpful. And I guess my follow-up is just thinking about organic on the Reinsurance side. I think listening to John talk about these headwinds, it comes across as sounding environmental, a softness in North America Treaty Capital Markets. And I guess I'm just -- if you could just elaborate on why you think it's environmental as opposed to, more broadly, maybe some loss of market share because when we look at competitors that are quite a bit bigger than Willis, I guess in those -- in Reinsurance, we're still seeing organic hold off reasonably well. So I mean, yes, if you could just elaborate, I guess, on why you -- what gives you confidence that it's environmental at this point? 
John Haley: Yes. So I think Reinsurance is a -- it's an interesting one. If we look at North America, which is where we have experienced, I think, some of the biggest headwinds, we actually have exceeded our new business targets so far this year. So the new business part of it has gone relatively well. What has hurt us is, a, there has been a -- some of the existing clients are buying less reinsurance. And so we've seen that occur partly because people are buying less reinsurance, partly because mergers have actually just taken -- just cut the market in total. And then we've also seen -- we've had a couple of clients that have restructured things, some of the reinsurance programs, which have led to revenues being shifted to different years. And we've seen that on a couple of big ones that have had a material impact on our results. When we look at it overall, the Reinsurance is -- it does tend to be a little lumpy from year-to-year when we compare our results to -- I'd look at -- we were looking at one of our big competitors the other day, and they were minus 4% last year and they're plus 1% this year. And so we were -- we had a better 2015 and a little bit lower 2016. I think we tend to look maybe at a little bit longer trends than just a year or so. But when we look at it, we fundamentally are encouraged by the fact that the new business efforts have been strong even in North America, and in fact, it exceeded targets. And that's what makes us think that we -- going into 2017, we're well placed. 
Ryan Tunis: Okay. And I guess one thought I had is the legacy Towers risk business, I guess, that you guys kept when you sold the auto reinsurance business to JLT. Is -- have there been any revenue dissynergies in that business from, I guess, now bringing Willis Re back into the fold? I mean, has there been softness, do you think, there that's at all related to the merger? And how big is that revenue base for the legacy Towers risk business? 
John Haley: Yes. So I think, no, there haven't been -- certainly, there's no net revenue dissynergies. And I don't think there've been really any revenue dissynergies to speak of. Interestingly enough, the -- I sort of referred in the script to businesses spontaneously working together. And I think it's the Reinsurance and the Risk -- the RCS business, which have actually led the way in terms of doing that. And so our Reinsurance folks have reached out to the RCS folks, have been adopting some of their models, have been using them in joint client presentations. And we've seen the -- getting some synergies across business lines. Probably the poster child for that right now is our Reinsurance and our RCS folks. So we don't see a big difference there. Roger, what's the number on the size... 
Roger Millay: I think with RCS is, what, $275 million, $300 million, something like that, that neighborhood. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Quentin McMillan with KBW. 
Quentin McMillan: I think one of the things, and I know you gave a lot of organic color, that is confusing people is just the change from what you saw as of September 29 at the Investor Day on your organic growth and sort of the lowering of that; you're at 2% to 3%. You go to 2%. It's not a huge change, but really just want to know sort of what changed in the last 30 days. And is that also related to your decision to change leadership at Corporate Risk & Brokering post the Investor Day? 
John Haley: So I'll let Roger talk about the numbers and how we got to that because it is a mix of a lot of different things. But let me just address the leadership changes. As we were looking out as to what we need to deliver in 2017 and 2018, I became focused on making sure I had the team that I had the most confidence in to be -- to deliver those results. And I made the changes to put that team in place. And so it wasn't anything specific about just 1 quarter or just -- it was a matter of identifying the teams that I felt the most confidence in. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I'd just say on the guidance question that -- even though Analyst Day was at the end of September, as you probably know, in the CRB business, there can be some big transactions that may or may not happen at the end of the quarter. And in our forecast, our internal forecast, which advised guidance, we had anticipated some larger transactions that would generate meaningful revenue for us. And ultimately, they did not come in by the end of the quarter. So CRB was the biggest piece of the miss in driving the reduction. 
Quentin McMillan: That would sort of imply that the fourth quarter should be very strong because those contracts would have just rolled into the fourth quarter. Correct? 
Roger Millay: There are items that we hoped for the third quarter that we now expect in the fourth quarter. 
Quentin McMillan: Okay. And just shifting to the free cash flow. Your 2018 guidance of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion. I just wanted to clarify one expectation for that. At the Analyst Day, you guys did break out the $10.10 EPS you get there from 2.5% top line growth, 25% EBITDA and 8 million decrease in shares. Is the free cash flow $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion number based on the same level -- those same expectations? Or are there any differences in how you get to that free cash flow expectation? 
Roger Millay: No. They're based on the same level that -- and they're based on our belief at this point that free cash flow, while balance sheet items go in there and there'll be kind of puts and takes year-to-year, but over time, that free cash flow should fall into the range of adjusted net income. And so the adjusted net income underlying $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion is consistent with the $10.10 plus that we've talked about. And that's -- and the $1.3 billion -- so -- and it's to the exit rate of 2018 into 2019. 
Quentin McMillan: Meaning you'll finish 2018 with $1.35 billion or around about in free cash flow? 
Roger Millay: Well, no. So the difference -- so the big kind of reduction or detractor from free cash today are all the restructuring and integration costs. We don't get out from under those until the end of 2018. So that's why -- so the $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion is saying, look, if you're running at a $10.10 kind of level for adjusted EPS, adjusted net income that underlies that, and you're out from under the restructuring and integration costs, then you're at $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion. 
Quentin McMillan: Okay. So the reported number will be lower, but adjusted for the restructuring, it should be that number. Okay. 
Roger Millay: That's right. That's right. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with Baird. 
Mark Marcon: Just wondering if the -- some of the headwinds in CRB and IRR don't really abate. And let's say that revenue ends up being a little bit lower than the 2.5% in terms of getting to the 2018 targets. How much room for adjustment? It seems like you have lots of different levers to pull in order to be able to still get to the $10.10. Can you just talk about that a little bit? 
John Haley: Yes. I think I'll let -- Roger will probably have some things to add to that. But I think, Mark, if you remember that slide we had from Analyst Day, one of the points of that was to show that there were a number of different levers that if you grew at 2.5%, then you're at a 25% tax rate, and you reduce to 8 million shares, you could get to $10.10. If you grew at 4.5% and you had a 25% for tax rate and you only reduced by 2 million or 4 million shares, you could still get to $10.10. So what we were trying to illustrate is we did have a number of levers to pull. We tended to focus in that one on that even at a relatively low growth rate, we could still get to $10.10 if we were buying back enough shares. But in addition to that, we could -- we didn't factor in what happens if our tax rate is better than we had suggested, for example. So there -- we have a couple of different levers that we could pull. Roger, you want to... 
Roger Millay: Yes. I'll just add maybe another element of context, which is, look, every year, one of the things we do, I would say, pretty thoughtfully is step back and say, what are our best opportunities. As you said, Mark, and I agree, and John went through it, we do have a number of levers. And we'll continue to do that relative to shareholder value in general but then the specific targets that we've set out. That's generally how we meet our commitments as adjusting with the times, finding the levers and executing on them. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And then could you talk a little bit about some of the things that you think Todd and Carl will end up doing a little bit differently? I know it's early, obviously, but just in broad strokes, here are some of the reasons behind the changes and some of the different executional elements that might go into reaccelerating growth in those areas. 
John Haley: Yes. Well, so first of all, when Dominic indicated his intention to leave at the end of the year, we had to find a replacement for running IRR. And I think one of the things that we especially like about Carl, he had run the investment line of business for both Watson Wyatt and Towers Watson as part -- when he was running that, he was part of a leadership team in that segment. And at the time, it included both Risk Consulting and Software and our -- the Reinsurance business that we had at Towers Watson. So Carl has some background in all 3 of those areas. I think the background he has in investment will serve him well in understanding the capital markets part of the business also. Carl is one of the smartest people we have in the organization, and I think he'll be a quick study on the other parts of the business, too. So we liked his background. We like the fact that he has been involved with delivering high revenue growth in the areas he's been in, and he understands the importance of generating profitable revenue growth. So he was, I think, a very good fit for that. In terms of CRB and North America, as I mentioned in the script, one of the things that I thought we needed more of a perspective on at the Operating Committee was the -- our brokers. And by moving Todd, who has a brokerage background, and then putting Joe Gunn in charge of North America, we have increased some of that perspective on the Operating Committee. And I think that will be very helpful. Both Todd and Joe, I think, are hard-charging folks who understand what we need to do to build up the brokerage business in North America, and I think that's going to be one of their key focuses in the short run. And as I said earlier, I do think that this is a business that we probably have overcomplicated our structure a little bit, and I do think some streamlining is probably called for. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: On your buybacks, $300 million this year, and plus dividends, probably close to $500 million and you have free cash flow generation about $650 million this year. I just wonder, going forward, was the free cash flow generation will be mostly used for shareholder returns? 
Roger Millay: Yes. I think that, one, as we've said before, we love to balance those 2. We think, certainly, this year we are leaning to share repurchase. Return of cash to shareholders is very important to us and we think is appropriate at this point. And we're in the process right now of formulating our plans once we're complete with the $300 million. And I think, in the short term, we'll be highlighting where we come out of that. 
John Haley: But just as a matter of philosophy, I think shareholder returns are what we probably see as the highest priority. 
Kai Pan: Good. And then I just have a quick number question. On your presentation at Investor Day, you mentioned that the integration costs will be about $150 million to $175 million in 2016. I'm assuming that would be mostly for -- to achieve the $100 -- $100 million to $125 million of cost synergy. And then you have about $100 million each year in 2017 and '18. I just wonder, are those additional restructuring costs? And what kind of savings could -- coming from that? 
Roger Millay: Yes. So there are various activities in there. I think we might have referred to this in investment -- Investor Day. Some of the actions that you take are short term and, I don't know, low-hanging fruit or whatever, but very targeted and happened in the first year. And then some, like things that require, let's say, combining systems, so finance and HR systems and the related technology, that's a multi-year project. So the benefits come in gradually and later in the integration period. Something like real estate as well. While we have overlapping real estate, it's best to execute those combinations when leases are kind of closer to coterminous. And so it's those kinds of things that extend into '17 and '18, bigger kind of process in [ph] technology changes and the real estate. 
Kai Pan: Do you expect to generate additional cost savings over time beyond the $100 million to $125 million outlined? 
Roger Millay: No. The $100 million to $125 million anticipated all those changes that I referred to. 
Kai Pan: Okay. So the total cost is about $375 million. For the savings, about, like, $100 million to $125 million? 
Roger Millay: Right. That's right. 
Kai Pan: Okay. That sounds bigger than the normal sort of restructuring costs about 1.25x. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, some of it is -- again, because you look at a project like an ERP project, there's some big changes that we're making as part of restructuring. Some of the real estate activities are quite expensive, so it's more than headcount-driven changes. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith with UBS. 
Brian Meredith: A couple of questions. Roger, I was hoping to focus a little more on the expense side. Do you have an organic kind of expense growth number on a year-over-year basis if you factor out Gras Savoye? What were expenses up on a year-over-year basis? 
Roger Millay: Yes. I think it's about -- well, actually, I don't have a year-to-date number. But I think for the full year, we're anticipating organic expense growth in the neighborhood of the level of organic revenue growth; pretty close. 
Brian Meredith: Pretty close to it. Got you. And then on the OIP program, still on track to achieve the $230 million of cumulative savings in '16? And then on that, how much do you think is flowing to the bottom line at this point? 
Roger Millay: Well, the second question gets a little complicated, but relative to all that's going on in the company. But we are on track for the savings, and the savings are realized. There's a very disciplined process to track both the exits as well as then how that relates to the additional folks that are added in Mumbai or elsewhere in the service centers. So those costs are "dropping" to the bottom line. Of course, as a result of both the shortfall in revenues versus what we expected and the plans that had been built for the year relative to that business momentum, that has certainly challenged our ability to show kind of net margin expansion as a result of the savings that are going on, which is really why I wanted to highlight that sequential cost momentum item that I talked about in my script. So while right now you see in the adjusted operating margin a little bit of increase, it's not at all what you would expect based on the savings we're seeing in OIP plus merger. But we have been adjusting our expense levels all year as the year went by. And we're now starting to see the results of that. In this 2017 planning period, we continue to emphasize that. So we have our eye on the prize. And we think we're starting to see the kinds of results financially that will lead to margin expansion, but we're not seeing it yet. 
Brian Meredith: Right. In the weaker-than-expected organic revenue growth, is it changing any of your kind of thoughts as to how much needs to kind of be reinvested back in the business to get that organic revenue growth going and maybe less falling to the bottom line of the OIP and the integration? 
Roger Millay: Yes. I'll comment on the idea of investments and John may have a comment or 2 as well. I think that -- and it's why we cite the shortfall, the revenues. I think there are areas in the company, I would say, specifically, the legacy Willis International business where there had been tremendous success, I guess, over the last few years, at least in growing revenues organically. Certainly, as they targeted that and anticipated that it would continue, they did have plans of continuing to add resources and invest relative to that momentum. It certainly has halted here this year. So we have been in the process of both pulling back what had been identified, let's say, as targeted investment initiatives but also pulling back the momentum of cost growth relative to prior organic growth momentum. So it's been a major discussion item. Again, it's a major planning item. And we're pushing that hard to make sure that where we are investing, it's in places where there's good visibility of getting a payback. If there isn't, then we're not going to do it. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan with Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: First off, has the currency impact that you guys are now -- last quarter, I think, it changed to a $0.14 tailwind for the full year in terms of the EPS impact. What are you now expecting in terms of currency? I see the exchange rates you're providing in guidance moved a little bit. And then also, what was the currency impact on earnings in the third quarter versus what you are expecting for the fourth quarter? 
Roger Millay: Yes. I think, overall -- so year-to-date, the FX impact on EPS is now $0.11. I'll say that relative to the $0.14, I don't think we had all of the hedging impacts in that $0.14. So the $0.11 is a refined number, and there was only a couple cents in the third quarter. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. So we'll see most of the currency benefiting the fourth... 
Roger Millay: Yes. Headwinds, yes. 
John Haley: There was a couple cent headwind in the third quarter -- I meant headwind in the third quarter, just to be clear. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. So the -- and the tailwind will be in the fourth quarter. 
Roger Millay: No. I mean, I don't know that we have the guidance -- in the guidance, what the FX impact would be. We can follow up with you on that. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. That would be great. And then just in terms of, I guess, you guys, there was an earlier question in terms of some compensation changes that were variable comps this year given probably the weaker organic. I mean, how are you guys thinking about that in terms of just retention overall? I mean, there's been some high-level departures from the legacy Willis organization that you guys have seen over the past year. So how are you balancing, I guess, maybe lower comp this year versus your desire to want to retain most of the employees, I guess, that you have in the platform now versus potentially seeing additional departures of people you might potentially not want to lose? 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, look, I think we do have a pay-for-performance culture. And we do pay people for results, and I think we want to continue to do that. I think the people who are performing well will get compensated well. So we're not really too worried about that. And I think -- we think we have the right kind of programs in place to incent the right kind of performance. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: I think you had mentioned last quarter that the adoption rate for exchanges was accelerating in the middle market, larger companies a little slow to adopt. Your language, at least in terms of the growth, you expect 4Q to be a little more moderate. How are you seeing the development of that market now? 
John Haley: Yes. So I don't think we seen the market developing really any differently. I think what -- the point about the quarter 4 is just that for all of us in the exchange business, quarter 4 is the quarter where we're all implementing. January 1 is when all the activity occurs. And so we're all focused on implementing, and there's not as much effort on the sales then. We will have all of -- the open enrollment season for Medicare is from October to December. The folks who have a -- or with employers that have a calendar year plan, which is most of them, all of that enrollment occurs during this fourth quarter. So it wasn't anything -- it wasn't reflecting anything different about the market, just saying that most of our attention is on enrollment now. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. 
Joshua Shanker: Just want to follow up a little bit on the -- again, on the management. When we watched the Analyst Day on 9/30, I sort of assumed that Tim Wright and Dominic Casserley were the authors of the plan that was articulated for the traditional insurance brokers type segment. Maybe that's an incorrect assumption to have. And given we've seen 2% to 4% growth among your peers and probably about negative 2% at Willis, maybe the management change makes sense. But I'm trying to figure out who's the author of the new strategy? And why should we think that's going to work? 
John Haley: Yes. I think the strategy that we presented at Analyst Day was one that reflected, really, input from the whole Operating Committee and where we felt we were going. And I don't think -- no strategy is ever just one person doing that. So I think there is a group that were focused on that. And frankly, the -- as I said, Dominic indicated his intent to leave, and so we did have to find somebody to replace him. The other changes that I made were really more about putting in place what I felt was the team that was best able to execute in 2017 and beyond, given the strategy that we'd already developed. 
Joshua Shanker: Did you already know these changes would be made at the Investor Day but was too early to let us know that? 
John Haley: No. If I'd known the changes were going to be made, I would have made them. 
Joshua Shanker: Okay. And the 2% organic growth for 2016 implies about 6% in the fourth quarter. Without the JLT, it sounds like you're at flat growth through 9 months. It seems like a big haul to get 6% in the back half of the year. How confident are you on the 2% number? 
Roger Millay: Well, the 2 -- you're saying 6% in the fourth quarter to get that? That's not correct. Remember, the fourth -- the 2%, this is total revenue growth, so it does include the JLT settlement. 
Joshua Shanker: Yes. I can go through the math. Excluding -- I can give me [ph] about 8%. I get flat without JLT; maybe 60 bps of growth with the JLT settlement. Maybe my math is wrong, but I think it's going to be -- is your comp around the 2%, I guess? 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, this is organic constant currency, remember. But yes, I mean, we -- the 2% based on the forecast, and of course, you have the segment guidance as well. So you don't find anything in there that's 6% kind of growth. So... 
John Haley: We're talking about growth for the company as a whole. 
Roger Millay: Yes. 
Joshua Shanker: Yes, yes. I guess I'll run the numbers again. I'm not quite there, but that might be my bad math. I apologize. 
John Haley: I think we have that right, Josh, but we can follow up with you.
 Okay. I think we're probably going to have to end this now. So thanks very much, everyone, for joining us this morning. And I look forward to talking with you at our fourth quarter earnings call in February. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-05 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Second Quarter 2016 Willis Towers Watson Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Miss Aida Sukys. Ma'am, please begin. 
Aida Sukys: Thanks, Harry. Good morning. This is Aida Sukys, Director of Investor Relations at Willis Towers Watson. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson earnings call. On the call today are John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer; and Roger Millay, our Chief Financial Officer. Please visit our website for the press release issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded, available for replay via telephone through Monday by dialing (404) 537-3406, conference ID 49073928. The replay will also be available for the next 3 months on our website.
 This call may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, involving risks and uncertainties. For a discussion of the risks and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking statements, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning, a copy of which is available on our website at Willistowerswatson.com, as well as other disclosures under the heading of Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements and our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q and in other Willis Towers Watson filings with the SEC. Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this earnings call. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. During the call we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For discussions on financial measures as well as reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures under Regulation G to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Investors should review the press release and supplemental slides we posted on our website. After our prepared remarks, we'll open the conference call for your questions. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to John Haley. 
John Haley: Thanks, Aida. Good morning, everyone. Today, we'll review our results for the second quarter of 2016 and provide updated guidance for the full year of 2016. We'll also provide consolidated 2016 and certain pro forma 2015 financial results. Our segment results for this quarter are presented based on the new Willis Towers Watson structure. We've provided historical Willis Towers Watson segment information in an 8-K filed on July 14, 2016. 
 We're pleased with our performance this quarter in a business environment that had some challenges. Reported revenues for the quarter were $1.95 billion, which includes $31 million of negative currency movement on a pro forma basis. Adjusted revenues, which include $26 million of deferred revenues, were up 11% on a constant currency basis and 5% on an organic basis. Commissions and fees were up 3% on an organic basis. 
 Net income attributable to Willis Towers Watson for the quarter was $72 million as compared to the prior year pro forma net income of $114 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $406 million or 20.6% of adjusted revenues as compared to the prior year pro forma adjusted EBITDA of $401 million or 22.1% of adjusted revenues. The second quarter is the seasonally weak quarter due to the low level of renewals for some lines of business, primarily related to Gras Savoye and Miller, where they had very strong renewals in the first quarter. Portions of the consulting and administration businesses also have weaker performance in the second quarter of the calendar year due to seasonality. 
 Adjusted EBITDA for the first half of 2016 was $1,077,000,000 or 25.4% of adjusted revenues as compared to pro forma adjusted EBITDA for the first half of 2015 of $979 million or 25.6% of adjusted revenues. Due to the seasonality quarter-over-quarter, we believe the first half of calendars 2016 is a more meaningful indicator of performance. For the quarter, earnings per diluted share were $0.51 and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.66. 
 Before moving on to the segment results, I'd like to provide an update on 3 areas of integration: Revenue synergies, cost synergies, and tax savings. First, let's discuss the revenue synergies. We're making very good inroads in the 3 areas of revenue synergies we've outlined in our previous communications: Global healthcare solutions, the mid-market healthcare exchange, and the U.S. large market P&C sector. We've won another 9 global healthcare solution clients, and the pipeline continues to look very strong. 
 Turning to the mid-market exchange. We've won a number of new clients with approximately 70,000 eligible lives for implementations this year and continue to see the pipeline build. To provide some context to the 2017 wins, Willis, acting as our channel partner last year, sold approximately 9,000 lives for all of 2016. 
 Lastly, in the U.S. P&C large company space, we've been awarded 10 new projects so far this year. We're certainly off to a strong start, but we continue to believe that our revenue synergies will be much more heavily weighted to 2017 and 2018. As we'd mentioned last quarter, most of these wins will not have a significant impact on our 2016 financial results, however, we're very pleased with the progress to date. 
 Now moving on to the tax and costs synergies. We continue to be on track to achieve our original goal of a 25% tax rate, a full year ahead of schedule. We continue to expect to exceed this goal longer term. We are reaching the estimating merger cost synergies of $100 million to $125 million by the end of 2018 and believe we're on track to achieve this goal. As noted last quarter, we plan to save about $20 million in calendar 2016 with an exit run rate of about $30 million. 
 Next, I'd like to move to the Operational Improvement Program or OIP. Incremental savings from the OIP were approximately $97 million from the second quarter of 2015. We incurred an incremental $16 million of restructuring costs in this same time period. We plan to spend approximately $165 million in 2016 and remain committed to saving $325 million by the end of 2017. OIP continues to be on track. We'll have more detailed information regarding margin impact at our Analyst Day in September. 
 Now let's look at the performance as well as our revenue and margin expectations of each of our segments. On an overall constant currency basis, commissions and fees for Human Capital and benefits increased 3%, corporate risk and broking increased 9%, investment risk and Reinsurance increased 7% and Exchange Solutions increased 47%. All of the revenue results discussed in the segment detail and guidance reflect commissions and fees constant currency unless specifically stated otherwise. 
 Okay. So now let's look at each of the segments in more detail. Turning to Human Capital and Benefits or HCB. HCB generated growth of 3%, driven primarily by the Gras Savoye acquisition. On an organic basis, commissions and fees were flat. Retirement commissions and fees were up slightly due to strong demand in Great Britain, which was offset by the expected decline in the U.S. revenues with the decreased demand for both lump sum project works. Talent and Rewards commissions and fees were down, as the number of M&A transactions and special projects slowed year-over-year. Health and Benefits services continued to see strong demand and the U.S. large company. And as I mentioned earlier, the Global benefit solution business had strong momentum. 
 Technology and Administration Solutions, or TAS, continued to produce solid results due to increased project and call center demand. We continued to have a positive outlook for the HCB business for the rest of 2016. The demand for both lump sum projects and one-time annuity purchases has been picking up, and we expect greater activity in the second half of the calendar year. Talent and Rewards generally has easier comps and a promising data services pipeline. We also continue to expect growth in the health and benefits and TAS businesses. 
 Turning to Corporate Risk and Brokering or CRB. Commissions and fees grew 9% from the prior year, largely as a result of the Gras Savoye acquisition. On an organic basis, commissions and fees grew by 1%. 
 In North America, commissions and fees were down slightly after a strong first quarter. Retention levels were strong, but we experienced lower levels of new business as compared to last year. 
 Great Britain produced solid results as the P&C and financial lines led our growth. The international region had modest growth despite a challenging quarter for both China and Brazil. 
 Western Europe had solid organic results given the environment, and Iberia was particularly strong, growing mid-single digits as a result of new business. 
 We expect CRB to show growth in the second half of the calendar year. We've seen some slowdown in the emerging markets but generally, we see a good pipeline around the globe even if it is a bit softer than a year ago. While we don't believe the North America new business levels show any secular change in the market, we'll continue to monitor this closely. 
 Now to investment risk and reinsurance. Commissions and fees grew 7% for the quarter, driven by the acquisition of Miller Insurance Services, which is performing in line with our acquisition assumptions. Organic commissions and fees declined 4.5%, primarily due to a continued decline in demand for risk consulting projects, lower demand for investment advisory services, lower profit sharing on certain insurance contracts and a slowdown in Capital Markets. 
 Capital Markets commissions and fees are closely tied to the number of insurance-related M&A transactions, and we've seen a significant slowdown in transactions year-over-year. Reinsurance commissions and fees were flat as the international market and the specialty business did quite well but new business was soft in North America. We anticipate some growth in the second half of the year as comparables get a bit easier for the IRR segment and we may be seeing a slight increase in demand for Reinsurance due to the recent losses noted by many of the carriers this past quarter. However, we expect most of the market headwinds related to this segment to continue for the rest of the calendar year. 
 As discussed in the last earnings call, JLT paid a $40 million settlement in quarter 2 related to the fine arts and jewelry team departure. This settlement was included in IRR's total revenues as other income. This item has not been adjusted out of GAAP earnings, and this is consistent with historic practice. 
 Lastly, Exchange Solutions followed up a strong first quarter with another outstanding quarter, with commissions and fees of $154 million, an increase of 47%. On an organic basis, the Exchange Solutions' segment grew by 43%. Driven by record enrollments, our retiree and access exchange revenues increased 48% and the other Exchange Solutions business has increased 44% and 36% on an organic basis. Increased membership and new clients drove the revenue increases. 
 Our health and welfare administration business is growing, primarily as a result of the unprecedented new business won over the last 2 years. 
 I'd also like to provide some comments regarding the selling season for the 2017 enrollment period. We had a strong selling season and expect to enroll over 300,000 retirees and active employees onto our exchanges. In the retiree space, a little over 100,000 retirees are expected to enroll for 2017. Now we had a record enrollment last year as a result of the State of Ohio, and we did not anticipate duplicating the 2016 enrollment levels. While we aren't enrolling the retirees of a large state of municipality this year, we continue to feel confident in this market in the long term. However, we would also expect that the enrollments in this market will have some volatility from year-to-year. 
 In the active space, we sold approximately 200,000 lives, with 1 client opting to enroll for 2018. We anticipate enrollment growth of approximately 80% to 100% year-over-year. I've previously mentioned the success we've had in the mid-market in the very short time since the merger. I've had one comment in my previous statements regarding the mid-market environment. It appears that the adoption rate in the mid-market has accelerated, and we feel that this is sustainable. We continue to see strong interest from the large market, and we've had some success in winning a few large clients, but the pace of adoption continues to be slower as these organizations are still taking more time to make decisions. We can't predict the inflection point in this market, but the value Exchanges provide to both the employee and employer is quite impactful and we continue to expect the large market to be a significant part of the overall exchange market. We expect the second half will be strong but we will not have any significant off-cycle enrollments this year, so the second half commissions and fees growth rates will be lower than we've seen year-to-date. In the Exchanges Other, we continue to add new administration clients but have strong comparables in the fourth quarter. So we would expect commission and fee growth rates to normalize for this line of business as well. 
 I'm encouraged by the quarterly results, the strong collaboration we're experiencing at a grassroots level, the commitment to the integration efforts, including the revenue synergies and of course, the continued focus on our clients. I'd like to thank all of our colleagues for their hard work in helping shape this organization for long-term success. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to Roger. 
Roger Millay: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I'd also like to add my thanks to our colleagues for all their hard work. Prior to the merger, in a previous call, I had talked about the unique opportunity we had to create a powerful organization, which would be stronger than what we could have achieved as individual organizations. Now that we're into our eighth month of integration, I'm happy to say that we're seeing clear development of these merger synergy focus areas. We have confirmation that the enhanced global footprint and large market relationships are having a positive impact on our Global Benefit Solutions business. We're seeing some early success in utilizing the U.S. mid-market distribution network for our healthcare exchange, and we've had some early wins in the large market P&C space and our cost rationalization efforts are bearing fruit. There's still a lot of hard work ahead of us, but seeing the collaboration among our colleagues and the market activity make me optimistic that we're creating the powerful organization that we envisioned.
 Now for our financial results. As a reminder, our segment margins are before consideration of unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles, restructuring costs and certain integration expenses resulting from mergers and acquisitions. The segment results include discretionary compensation. 
 Income from operations for the quarter was $136 million or 7% of revenues. The prior year second quarter pro forma operating income was $170 million or 9.4% of revenues. Adjusted operating income for the quarter was $357 million or 18.1% of adjusted revenues. In the prior year quarter, pro forma adjusted operating income was $347 million or 19.2% of adjusted revenues. Income from operations for the first half of 2016 was $462 million or 11% of revenues. The prior year first half pro forma operating income was $553 million or 14.5% of revenues. Adjusted operating income for the first half of 2016 was $1 billion or 23.7% of adjusted revenues and the prior year first half pro forma adjusted operating income was $884 million or 23% of adjusted revenues. 
 During the quarter, we recognized a net $6 million currency gain as shown in other nonoperating income. This gain is driven by the reversal of a currency loss recognized on certain balance sheet positions in the first quarter. The GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 21% and the adjusted tax rate was 25%. 
 Before we discuss the segment operating margins, I'd like to remind you that we've provided recast segment operating income for the prior periods in the 8-K we filed on July 14, 2016. Additionally, our segment margins are calculated using total segment revenues. 
 For the second quarter, the operating margin for the Human Capital and Benefits segment, or HCB, was 15% as compared to pro forma 20% last year. Commission and fee declines in talent rewards and quarterly timing in the mid-market health and benefits business and in incentive costs drove the second quarter margin lower than the prior year. As a reminder, the North America mid-market health and benefits business placed a greater number of their policies in the first quarter this year, depressing the second quarter results. For the first half of 2016, the HCB segment operating margin was 24% as compared to 26% in 2015. We anticipate the HCB segment margin to be in the low 20% range for the year. 
 For the second quarter, the corporate risk and broking segment, or CRB, had a 19% operating margin as compared to a pro forma 22% in the prior year. For the first half of 2016, the CRB operating margin was 19% as compared to 17% last year. As a result of the heavy lift weighting of commissions and fees for Gras Savoye in the first quarter, the seasonality of the quarterly margin has changed as well. We anticipate CRB's operating margin to be around 20% for the year. The team is focused on balancing the expense base against the current revenue environment in order to drive margin enhancement. 
 For the quarter, the investment risk and reinsurance segment, or IRR, had a 25% operating margin. The margin included the $40 million JLT settlement relating to the fine arts and jewelry team departure. Without the legal settlement, IRR's operating margin would have been 17% for the second quarter or flat year-over-year. The increased margin was a result of the legal settlement and the Miller acquisition, which were partially offset by the decline in commissions and fees in the Risk Consulting and Software and investment businesses. Inclusive of the legal settlement, we expect the IRR segment margin to be around 20% for the calendar year. 
 Exchange Solutions' operating margin was quite strong at 20% as compared to 8% in last year's quarter. For the first half of the calendar year, the Exchange Solutions' segment operating margin was 22% as compared to 11% last year. 
 For the quarter, the Retiree and Access Exchanges led the segment with a 45% operating margin, with margins being flat to down for all other lines of business. We continue to invest in the actives exchange. Margin on the administration business is generally soft for several quarters as new clients come on the platform. For 2016, we expect the Exchange Solutions' segment margin to be in the mid-teens. As a reminder, margins are seasonally higher in the first half of the calendar year as compared to the second half of the year due to our enrollment season. Costs build up prior to the open enrollment, but commissions and fees are recognized over the year once the policies become effective, which is typically the 1st of January.
 Moving to the balance sheet. We continue to have a strong financial position. During the quarter, we successfully issued our first public Eurobond of EUR 540 million, 6-year issuance. This transaction completed our debt restructuring plan for the year. A portion of the bond proceeds was used to pay off the remaining balance on the $1 billion term loan facility we entered into in November 2015. 
 We also reinitiated our stock buyback program in June. Through August 1, we've repurchased $100 million or approximately 805,000 shares. We anticipate repurchasing another $200 million by the end of December for a total repurchase of $300 million for the 2016 calendar year.
 Free cash flow was $265 million this quarter and $335 million for the first half of the year. Free cash flow is generally expected to build through the year. 
 Now let's review our guidance for fiscal year 2016 for Willis Towers Watson. We expect to incur approximately $150 million to $175 million for integration- and transaction-related items. Our deferred revenue add back adjustments were completed in the June quarter. Integration- and transaction-related expenses and restructuring costs will continue to be adjusted from our GAAP measures.
 In fiscal '16, we expect reported revenue growth to be around 7% and constant currency revenue growth to be around 10%, with the primary drivers being the Miller and Gras Savoye acquisitions and the Exchange Solutions' segment. We're bringing organic revenue growth guidance down to a range of 2% to 3%. Although the second quarter organic growth was quite solid at 5% overall and 3% for commissions and fees, we continue to see headwinds and lag where we expect it to be. This new range reflects the market environment we've seen in the first half, with some expectation of slightly improved commission and fee organic growth in the second half due to pockets of improved business momentum and areas of better sequential and year-over-year comparisons. 
 We continue to expect GAAP operating income margin to be around 8% and adjusted operating income margin to be around 20%. We believe the various cost-reduction programs underway will allow us to keep this margin in line with previous expectations. In calendar 2015, pro forma GAAP operating income margin was 10.5% and pro forma adjusted operating income margin was 19.3%.
 The GAAP tax rate for the year is expected to be in the 10% to 11% range and the adjusted tax rate is expected to be in the 23% to 24% range. We expect GAAP diluted EPS to be in the range of $2.48 to $2.68. Adjusted diluted EPS is expected to be in the range of $7.60 to $7.80, which is down from the previous guidance of $7.70 to $7.95. Guidance assumes average currency rates of $1.38 to the pound and $1.11 to the euro. 
 Overall, I'm very pleased with the integration efforts, including the early wins that relate to our revenue synergies. The focus on margin growth and our continued progress in streamlining reporting. Now I'll turn it back to John. 
John Haley: Thanks, Roger, and now we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question or comment comes from the line of Greg Peters from Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: I have three areas I'd like to focus on, competitive positioning, the OIP, and EBITDA guidance. First, on competitive positioning. Could you provide some additional color around how you see where the company is considering the results -- recent results from some of your peers and what looks to be like some of the challenges you reported like in legacy Towers Watson in the second quarter? 
John Haley: Yes. So let's see, focusing specifically on the legacy Towers Watson there. I think -- we see some challenges in Talent and Rewards, as I mentioned. And specifically, that is obviously the most economically sensitive of our businesses there and tends to go up and down. As we've seen a cutback on M&A and on some other projects, that has impacted where we are. We don't feel that we're losing out necessarily to the market at all. I just think we see the market as being a little bit slower. We do feel pretty good about -- that we think we'll see a little more of a pick-up there. We have easier comparables, and we also see maybe a slightly improved pipeline for the second half of the year. So while it's down, we don't feel that we're losing any market share, and we feel that we continue to be well positioned there. I think in the Risk Consulting and Software and in the investment part of the business, those are both ones that have seen some challenges in the last couple of years really. And I think we continue to see them undergoing some challenges. Now the Risk Consulting and Software is not one that our major competitors really have, so we don't have any direct comparables there. But we do see a decline in a lot of the risk consulting projects. The software piece of that business is doing relatively well but the consulting part of the business, we're just seeing less of an appetite for that among our clients. And I would say that again, it's not so much that it strikes us that we're losing market share there. It's that we just see the market being softer than it had been. In the investment part of the world, we don't run the funds of funds and so we don't have a direct comparison again to some of our competitors, but we are seeing a decline in some of the consulting projects around that. And so we're seeing more of a focus to some of our delegated investment, which I think was the growth area that we see. But a large part of our business has been consulting, and we do see some softness there. If I look at the rest of the businesses, whether it's legacy Willis or legacy Towers Watson, I think we see some ups and downs. I think, in general, we're within 1% or so of where the market is going, with the -- with maybe an exception of the Exchange Solution, which has just had a fantastic half -- first half of the year. 
Charles Peters: Great color. On the OIP... 
John Haley: Yes. [indiscernible] 
Charles Peters: Yes, I just wanted to circle back on your comments on OIP. I know and you've previously said that you're on track to get the 325 savings, but I know that a lot of it has been spent or invested so far. Can you give us an update on what you might expect to harvest in savings over the next 2 years of that 325? 
John Haley: Yes. So that's a subject of intense study by us right now, and I think Greg, we'll really be -- we're really targeting next month when we have the Analyst Day to present the detailed analysis of that. But I think that it's safe for us to say that, I think, we were changing a little bit -- well, we're changing a lot the focus of OIP to say what we're concerned with is not what the cost reduction is. What we're concerned is what the margin improvement is, and so we'll be prepared to address that next month. 
Charles Peters: Perfect. And this, just -- and I'm going to use that to dovetail into the EBITDA issue. Looks like the guidance is just a tad lower than where it was before. I'm curious if that changes the calculation or the calculus on the debt and rating agency discussions. And more importantly, ultimately, we're trying to reconcile EBITDA with your longer-term target, I think it was 25% by the end of 2018. So any color there would be helpful. 
John Haley: Yes. I'll let Roger address that. 
Roger Millay: Yes, just to the first question, no impact on any rating agency matters at all. And in terms of the goal, I mean as John said, we will be talking about the levers to get to the goal by 2018, and we're still focused on that and creating the structure internally to drive to that. 
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Bob Glasspiegel from Janney. 
Robert Glasspiegel: A quick question on the Reinsurance organic guidance, just making sure. We knew about the JLT settlement when you gave the prior guidance. So I assume we're not factoring any lost revenues from departures in the revised lower guidance? It's other factors that you cited? 
Roger Millay: Yes. I think that's right. So of course, there's a lot to IRR, and John already talked about the legacy Towers Watson Risk and Financial Services piece. There's no revision in that guidance related to the departure of the fine arts and jewelry team or no change at all really with respect to that matter. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Just clarifying that. You don't look to see any significant revenue lost from the departures you can replace that with new hires? Or is that a [indiscernible] 
Roger Millay: No. What I'm saying is... 
John Haley: No. That's already in there is what we're saying. It was already in there previously. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Right. And what is the sort of revenue impact from the departures? Is it material? 
John Haley: I think it's about $10 million. Is that right? 
Roger Millay: Somewhere in that neighborhood. 
John Haley: Or is it about $20 million? $20 million revenue. 
Roger Millay: Yes. Yes. $20 million. About $20 million. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. That's helpful.  The free cash flow operations in the quarter were roughly $300 million of -- from a cash flow statement. What were the big drivers in the improvement there in the quarter? 
Roger Millay: Well, I mean, I think it's -- so if you're looking sequentially, of course, we paid incentive comp in the first quarter, so for... 
Robert Glasspiegel: I was looking more year-over-year, it was 300 versus 70? 
Roger Millay: Yes versus even 7, I think. So when you're looking at the comparative cash flow statement, that's just the legacy Willis cash flow statement. So the biggest difference is really the consolidation of the companies and the free cash that's been added as a result of the merger. 
Robert Glasspiegel: There weren't any significant items in and out that distorted sort of the operating trend to the cash flow? 
Roger Millay: No. I mean, it's -- no, just the performance of the business and what you would expect in the June quarter from the legacy Towers Watson business. So no distortion. 
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of the Elyse Greenspan from Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: First question, in terms of your guidance, what are you including for currency on earnings for the back half of the year? And also what was the currency impact in the Q2? And what had you been assuming for currency, I guess, in your prior earnings guidance? 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, I think the rates -- I don't have the rates in the prior. I mean, obviously, the pound is down. The euro is about the same. I think it was -- I think we're at 111 and it was 111. Offhand, I don't have it. Are you asking for what the rates are that are assumed in the second half? 
Elyse Greenspan: No. I'm just asking at what bottom line impact on EPS are you expecting in the second half of the year? 
John Haley: Yes. We'll have to get back to you on that, Elyse. We don't have that at our fingertips. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. Do you know what the currency hit was in the Q2 on earnings? 
John Haley: About $31 million. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then in terms of the margin, just going back into the EBITDA margin for this quarter in particular. So if you kind of back out the JLT gain, you'd probably get close to about 400 basis points of deterioration when you look at the last year. I know you said that there was some seasonality from some of the legacy Willis acquisitions. But can you just kind of go into more detail, I guess, on what outside of just those 2 acquisitions is really driving the margin deterioration? And how, I guess, you expect that to kind of flip as you move -- now expect margin improvement in the back half of the year and as you go towards that 25% target? 
Roger Millay: Yes. So that's why we gave you the 6-month margins. So for 6 months, the margins were either slightly up or about the same as last year's. So that illustrates the seasonal timing impact. And it's really, as we said in the first quarter call, the Gras Savoye revenues came in about -- 70% of the revenues came in, in the first quarter so there's extreme seasonality that drove that. So again, as we said in the script, we think the 6-month margin numbers are more indicative of where the company is. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then on the organic, the outlook for the brokerage -- risk and brokerage business for the second half of the year, it's implying some level of improvement versus half year 1. And I'm just curious how you kind of think about that business evolving on an organic basis, especially as you kind of look to legacy Willis, the results there as it gets a little bit tougher comps in the second half of the year. So what's driving the organic improvement in your mind? 
Roger Millay: This was in IRR, you're asking about that? 
John Haley: CRB? 
Elyse Greenspan: Yes. 
John Haley: In CRB? 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, it does imply a little bit better second half. There are some areas where there's a pipeline that supports that growth level. There are areas where the difficulty in the first half or even the first quarter won't be repeated. For instance, we talked last quarter about the South Stream project that was a one-time write-off. There are also areas where seasonality of growth actually in the last couple of years has been stronger in the second half. So while it's not a big pickup, there are several factors that drive that expectation. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one last question if I may. You guys started repurchasing stock probably a little bit earlier than we were expecting, yet I noticed in your guidance the share count stayed the same. How come, can I get more detail there? 
Roger Millay: Yes. We have this odd phenomenon based on the merger close that -- because it closed on January 4, actually -- and we're talking plus 1 million shares here, but the account was a little bit lower than the real run rate coming into the merged company in the first quarter. So we're now on a path where given the share repurchases we talked about and now that the timing is normalized, we'll be seeing downward impacts to the share count. 
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Quentin McMillan from KBW. 
Quentin McMillan: I just wanted to ask about the Operational Improvement Program. John, it seems like you're going to give obviously a lot more color in the upcoming Investor Day, so look forward to that. But can you just clarify something? It seems that you just said that you're not focused on the cost reduction but what the margin improvement is. Am I reading correctly to assume that you're thinking that revenue synergies and top line boost from potential gains from the operational improvement are what you now are focusing on? And that the underlying expense savings are not necessarily what's going to drive the margin improvement? 
John Haley: No, that wasn't what I meant to say. What I meant to say was that we don't see getting the -- we don't see getting a cost reduction by itself as the -- we don't see that as the end game. What we see as the end game is getting margin improvement. And so what we want to look at, at the OIP is to say how does this result in margin improvement? And that's going to be what our focus is. 
Quentin McMillan: Okay, great. Appreciate that. And then second question for you, John. People are now looking out to sort of your own compensation metric of 10 10 in 2018 as sort of the longer-term guidance. I know you guys haven't necessarily put that out there but that's what some are talking about. So I just wanted to sort of lay out a baseline of kind of holding the macro flat.  If we kind of live in a market -- in an environment with a 2% GDP, the 10-year stays around 2%, inflation is kind of constant and the P&C rates stay in this sort of negative -- a couple hundred basis points maybe, is that an environment where you feel confident that you're going to be able to drive towards that 10 10 number in 2018? Or is there something that maybe needs to break to the upside for you to reach that? 
John Haley: Now look, I think, one of the things we knew that when we were putting together Willis and Towers Watson was that the first year, we would have some puts and takes and it would be a little bit messy and we were in some ways, in a difficult environment. But frankly the -- all the different possibilities that are there from the merger, whether it's revenue synergies, cost synergies, tech synergies, whatever, we think all of those things provide tremendous upside. And so I continue to be bullish about the prospects. And as I told investors from the beginning, this is a 3-year project for us. It's one of the reasons why we put together the compensation plan the way we did and focused on those metrics. I continue to be positive about hitting them, so I'm still focused on that. 
Quentin McMillan: Great. And if I can just -- very quickly for the guidance in terms of the 2% to 3% organic growth. Are we assuming that that $40 million is in the total organic growth number? The 2% to 3% you're giving is total, it's not commissions and fees organic growth? The $40 million JLT will be in there? 
Roger Millay: That's right. It's total revenue. 
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Dave Styblo from Jefferies. 
David Styblo: Just want to talk about the areas of weakness and get a better understanding of what you guys think is under your control versus what's market-related. We heard a lot of threads between China, a soft M&A market, some discretionary spending that happens by employers for legacy towers business. It seems predominantly market-related, but I just want to get a sense of the potential improvement, not so much for this year, but also next year in terms of what you think you can do to change and improve the organic growth profile of the company? 
John Haley: Yes. So let me just sort of talk about that at an overall level there. I think, as you mentioned, when I was responding to the question about the legacy Towers Watson, I said to the extent we see some areas that are underperforming, we have a sense that it's the market and not so much specific things going there. One of the things that make it a little bit difficult is in some of those areas, like Risk Consulting and Software, we don't have natural competitors that are public companies to look to -- to see what the market is. But our overall sense is just that the market is down there. And we've been through this. We see some ups and downs. We have areas like our old Talent and Rewards that are very heavily dependent on the economy overall. So we see those going on. We have areas -- we have similar areas like that in -- from the legacy Willis part of the business. So when we look at the Capital Markets area there, that's a small area but it's one that is very sensitive to the amount of insurance-related transaction -- M&A transactions that are going on. And for comparison last year, there was $110 billion in M&A transactions in the insurance space. So far this year, there's been $10 billion. That's a pretty big difference, and it's one of the reasons why that has contributed to a decline in the IRR this year. I think when we look at it, there're a couple areas where we are trailing the market. I think if we look at our corporate risk and broking and if we look at the Reinsurance, we're a little bit lower than the market there. I think in both cases, we look at those as it may be, in some cases, a portfolio effect. So for example, I think the international, which has been the real source of growth for Willis versus the market over the last several years, that's the area that's particularly down this year. And so that may affect us more than some of our competitors. But I think it's safe to say that we're probably 1% or so below them this year. We don't see anything that's structural. We think that some of that is related to just some goings on in the business that we expect to reverse themselves. We expect to be growing at about the level of the market or better in 2017. 
David Styblo: Okay, that's helpful. On the Exchanges, just to make sure I square the numbers right. So I think you said 300,000. Was that all for '17? So I think there was also a comment about one of the employers or one of the clients was going to be landing in 2018 and wasn't sure what the impact of that was. And then also while on the Exchanges, should we expect margins to rise consistently from here on out year-over-year as the business starts to scale more? I'm just trying to juxtapose that against comments about continued investments in the active side of the business. 
Roger Millay: Yes. So I think what we had said was we do expect to enroll about 300,000 in total. 
David Styblo: And those are not total covered lives. Those are just actual employer, employees, right? 
John Haley: Actually, what -- we've sold 300,000 in total that we will be enrolling in both 2017, and 1 of them that's going to be deferred to 2018. One of the big ones that deferred to 2018 is about 60,000. So it's a big case that is deferred. 
David Styblo: Got it. Okay. And then lastly, just on bridging the EPS a little bit.  So I guess, $0.13 decline at the midpoint certainly, I'd imagine it's the organic growth that's driving the vast majority of that. Are there any one-timers on the positive side, whether that be FX? Because I think the way the currency moves that actually benefits your earnings, although my understanding is you also have some hedges in place. I'm not sure if that mitigates it. But is there a bit of a bridge you can provide us so we have a clearer understanding of $0.13 drop at the midpoint? 
John Haley: Yes. So I think we'll -- as Roger said, we'll get out some more detail on the actual currency effects and everything. I think we do have a -- we do have some hedges, which take about, I don't know, 70% or 75% or so of the difference there, something like that. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, so specifically, the pound sterling is -- it's pretty much offset when you take the hedges into consideration. I mean, I think the big driver of the -- as you said, of the downgraded guidance is the organic growth expectation. 
John Haley: Yes. And I think if you look at it, look, in the first quarter, we had revenue growth initially. We had said it was going to be in the mid-single digits, and we said it was going to be muted. And so then we were in the lower end of that. That's because it was down to about 3% to 4%, and now we're looking at it and saying actually it's probably going to be closer to 2% to 3%. And so we wanted to come out with some specific numbers this time, but I think that's the overall effect. We have gone back and done a -- and Roger sort of alluded to this, we've gone back and done a reforecasting exercise to look at what is a reasonable revenue growth expectation.  We feel pretty comfortable about that 2% to 3%. We think that's a pretty good number. 
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Tim McHugh from William Blair & Company. 
Timothy McHugh: Just to follow-up on the Exchange, two questions. One, I guess -- sorry I was a little confused. The 300,000 includes the 60,000 that's deferred into next year? 
John Haley: That's correct. Yes. Sorry, Tim. We were talking. The 300,000 is the total we sold, and this client has signed up for 2018 already, so we've already done that. But it does include everything, yes. 
Timothy McHugh: So and then the 80% to 100% growth, what piece was that referring to? 
John Haley: That was the enrollment growth in the active space year-over-year. 
Timothy McHugh: Not the -- not including the 60,000 because that will take effect in... 
John Haley: That's correct, not including the 60,000. We'll still have the 80% to 100% growth. 
Timothy McHugh: Okay. And on the retiree side, I get you're not going to have an Ohio every year, but how do you feel competitively you held up? Were there just not opportunities? Or was there any change in the competitive dynamic in terms of competing for some of the larger retiree opportunity? 
John Haley: No change in the competitive dynamics. There was not any big case like the Ohio case or even one any remotely close to that this year. So yes, we feel like we continue to have, by far, the strongest offering in the retiree exchange space. 
Timothy McHugh: Okay. And then last question, just turnover. Can you -- where is it trended year-to-date, I guess? And more so, I guess, besides just the overall turnover number, I guess, any sense of how meaningful the turnover is, I guess, in terms of key individuals? 
John Haley: Yes. So I think overall, the -- frankly, the turnover has been lower than I would have expected.  We were running at, I think for last year or so, a little over 10% in voluntary turnover, and we're actually running just under 10% now, which I used to think in terms of when we were in just the consulting area, whether it was Watson Wyatt or Towers Watson, I used to think of maybe 10% to 12% voluntary turnover rate as being about the right level. And I think there's probably more turnover in the brokerage market generally. So I would have expected that to be somewhat higher. So I think coming in at just under 10, we're at 9.8 or something like that now, is a little bit lower than I'd expected. And so that's what we feel about that overall. When we look at the -- there is obviously seasonality. And so we noticed this in the old Towers Watson days. You get more turnovers after you've just paid bonuses than you do there. We continue to see that. No particular changes there. And I think when we look at specifically where we've had some competitors try to target some of our individuals, one of the things we do is we prioritize those, and we don't necessarily try to respond to every raid on an employee like that. And we target the ones that we think are the real high-value employees. We've been very successful at that and we've continued to hold on to the ones that we really wanted to. 
Operator: Our next question or comment comes from the line of Mark Marcon from R.W. Baird. 
Mark Marcon: With regards to the Exchange Solutions, can you just talk about the mid-market pipeline? And what your expectations would be for continued sales through the balance of this year that can go into effect in 2017? And then I have a follow-up question on a different area. 
John Haley: Yes. So I don't have right off at my fingertips here, Mark, the relative numbers for the second half, but the mid-market is different than the large market in that you can continue to have sales that occur up until almost to the November time frame in term -- and still implement them. But by far, the bulk of it will occur in the first half. So I don't have all at my fingertips, whether it's like 80% occurs in the first half or it's probably something like that. But we'll get you those numbers. I would think it's safe to say though that the bulk of the sales have already occurred by far, although there will be some continuing. I think -- I made a comment in the script to say that we look at the mid-market as saying that it's accelerated and that we feel that that's sustainable. So that's based on our talking with clients, our seeing what's happening to the pipeline. So I don't think we're expecting to see -- we've had a terrific first half of the year in terms of selling this. We're not predicting any decline in the second half as a result of that. We think we're going to continue to see the mid-market being an important source of new business. 
Mark Marcon: Can you talk just about the existing clients in terms of their experiences? What sort of client retention rate are you currently running? What are the savings that you're currently experiencing? And also to what extent do you think the ACA, all the work that went into getting ready for 1094s, 1095s may have distracted people from putting in place exchanges for this year? 
John Haley: So I think, in terms of the overall savings, we can see that very significantly. It can vary based on the specific geographical distribution of the employers. It can vary based on what kind of plan they're coming from, whether they already had a plan that, for example, had high deductibles or what other features they might have already had built into it. Generally, we look at saving between 5% and 15% for the employer. Although often what will happen is the employers will probably give about 2/3 of that back to -- or about 1/3 of that back to the employees and keep about 2/3. So when they make the exchange, it's a win-win for both the employer and the employee in terms of the cost aspect to that. That's been something that we've seen since the beginning and we don't -- we're not seeing any change in that overall. I think in terms of the adoption rate, it's hard to say exactly what -- whether people are distracted by some of these other ACA things. I tend to think that that's not the case. I think we have seen, as I said, the mid-market pickup. And in fact, if you are thinking about employers that might be distracted more you might think that actually, it's the smaller ones that have more of those distractions. So I don't think that's what we're really seeing there. I do think we're seeing the natural conservatism of larger organizations continue to be a factor in the marketplace. But we are seeing the smaller ones adopting it somewhat more enthusiastically than they did even a year ago. 
Mark Marcon: Great. And then can you just comment with regard to your U.K. business? I mean, Bank of England just took down their growth forecast. So to what extent do you think the U.K. -- your overall portfolio of U.K. businesses are cyclically sensitive? 
John Haley: Yes. I think, the whole impact of Brexit, of course, we did that call the other day. And I guess it was last month after Brexit, and went through that. I would say that we really don't have any change in views or necessarily guidance from then to now. When we look at Brexit, I think it's a hodgepodge of both pluses and minuses. And when we look at our overall exposure, for example, in corporate risk and broking, the overall CRB revenue exposure is about 7% of our revenues. So it's not like we see that, that is the biggest deal in the world. If markets were to move from London to elsewhere, it's not clear that we're disadvantaged by that. In fact, we might even be advantaged depending on where it was to move to. So I think there's nothing that we see now that we say this is necessarily a problem for us. I mean, I think even at the senior levels of our company, we have different views as to the impact of Brexit overall. Some of us have -- I've been relatively relaxed about the notion of Brexit. Some other people are more concerned about that. But I think overall, we don't see the movement of the B or V today isn't anything that was unexpected, and I don't think it changes our overall guidance. 
Operator: Our final question or comment comes from the line of Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: Just on the free cash flow usage. How much do you plan on spending on deleveraging the balance sheet and merger acquisitions as well as buybacks? Is that -- can you spend most of your -- would rating agencies have issues with you spending most of your free cash flow on return to shareholders? 
Roger Millay: There are a number of angles in there. So maybe just to hit the last one. Everything that we're doing has been part of the communication with the rating agencies. So we've been managing that internally and there are no issues there. With respect to the usages ultimately of free cash for the year, as we've said, we expect another couple of hundred million of share repurchases at this point. And we continue to evaluate that quarter-to-quarter based on how the company performs. So that's where we are for right now. 
Kai Pan: Are you considering any sort of deleveraging? Or like is there going to be any sort of like -- on the merger front as well? 
Roger Millay: No. I think as we -- we're in the same kind of mindset that we talked about, I think, last quarter, which was stabilizing the rating agency metrics around the level that support our current rating. And there are a lot of angles to the rating agencies' calculations, but it doesn't imply significant deleveraging. 
Kai Pan: Okay. Last one, if I may. If I could just press a little bit further Quentin's earlier question. If organic growth is going to be slower than you currently expect it going forward, are there other levers you can pull on the expense side that will enable you still be able to achieve your $10 plus by 2018? 
Roger Millay: Well, I don't know. 
John Haley: I mean, I think, what we -- we think that we have plans to get to the $10 plus level, even with modest organic growth. So we remain confident about hitting that.
 Thanks, everybody else, for joining us this morning, and I look forward to talking to you at Analyst Day in September. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-06 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to your Willis Towers Watson Q1 Fiscal 2016 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference, Ms. Aida Sukys, Director of Investor Relations. Ma'am, you may begin. 
Aida Sukys: Thank you, and good morning. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson earnings call. On the call today are John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer; and Roger Millay, our Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to our website for the press release issued earlier today. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone through Monday by dialing (855) 859-2056, conference ID 95282409. The replay will also be available for the next 3 months on our website. 
 This call may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including risks and uncertainties.  For a discussion of the forward-looking statements and the risks and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking results, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued this morning, a copy of which is available on our website at willistowerswatson.com, as well as other disclosures under the heading of Risk Factors and Forward-looking Statements in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other Towers Watson's and Willis filing with the SEC. 
 Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of date of this earnings call. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. 
 During the call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a discussion of the non-GAAP financial measures, as well as reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures under Regulation G to the most direct comparable GAAP measures, investors should review the press release and supplemental slides we posted on our website. After our prepared remarks, we'll open the conference call for your questions. 
 Now, I'll turn the call over to John Haley 
John Haley: Thanks, Aida. Good morning, everyone. Today, we'll review our results for the first quarter of 2016 and provide some guidance for the full year of 2016. We'll provide consolidated 2016 and certain pro forma 2015 financial results for this quarter. Our segment results for this quarter are presented based on the legacy Willis and Towers Watson structure. We anticipate providing consolidated segment results for the second quarter of 2016 during our August earnings call. 
 Before we review our first quarter 2016 results, I'd like to say how pleased I am to see the focus and excitement our colleagues have brought to the marketplace, and the collaboration that's taking place at all levels of the organization. I want to thank all of our colleagues for the spirit they've shown to date and all of the hard work that's keeping us on point for achieving our long-term goals. 
 We're pleased with how we performed this quarter.  Reported revenues for the quarter were to $2.2 billion, which includes $53 million of negative currency movement on a pro forma basis. Despite the currency headwinds, adjusted revenues, which include $32 million of deferred revenues, were up 16% on a constant currency basis and 1% on an organic basis. 
 Our adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $671 million or 29.6% of adjusted revenues. The prior year first quarter pro forma adjusted EBITDA was $579 million or 28.8%. The growth in adjusted EBITDA is primarily due to the acquisitions of Miller and Gras Savoye. Miller and Gras Savoye produced most of their profits in the first half of the calendar year. 
 Income from operations for the quarter was $326 million or 15% of revenue. The prior year first quarter pro forma operating income was $369 million or 18%. Adjusted income from operations for the quarter was $646 million or 28.5% of adjusted revenues, and for the prior year quarter was $540 million or 26.8% on a pro forma basis.  For the quarter, earnings per diluted share were $1.75, and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $3.41. Roger will address the adjusted EPS in more detail later in the call. 
 I'd also like to provide an update on 3 areas of integration: Revenue synergies, cost synergies and tax savings. First let's discuss the revenue synergies. 
 We recently updated our revenue tracking tools and plan to have more detailed revenue synergy updates by the third quarter. However, as I travel to the various offices and see first hand the collaborative sales efforts and hear about our market success, it's clear our colleagues are not waiting for a top-down integration mandate or reporting tools to go to market. We're making very good inroads in the 3 areas of revenue synergies we've outlined in our previous communications: Global healthcare solutions, the mid-market healthcare exchange and the U.S. large market P&C sector. We've won another 3 global healthcare solution clients and the pipeline looks very strong. 
 Turning to the mid-market exchange opportunities, we won 9 new clients for the 2017 enrollment season and continued to see the pipeline build. Lastly, in the U.S. P&C large company space, we were awarded all the P&C lines for a multibillion-dollar construction organization. 
 We're also seeing some success scenarios we didn't fully appreciate prior to the merger. As an example, we were recently awarded the global P&C business for a large multinational based outside of the U.S. The sales team incorporated the knowledge of the company from both legacy organizations so that we could tailor a solution that was in alignment with the client's needs. The client noted that our strong collaboration and the depth of our analytical capabilities set us apart from the competition and help us look at their prevailing risk and data issues from a very new and different perspective. 
 Within just 4 weeks of bringing Willis Towers Watson together, we were able to come together as a single global team and radically change the way the client viewed Willis Towers Watson. 
 We also experienced a win recently with a French multinational in an area we have no formal revenue synergy targets. Gras Savoye had a long-standing relationship with this client in healthcare and property and casualty. Joining forces with the Gras Savoye relationship team was a team of Talent and Reward consultants who were hired for a pay grading project. This is a great example of the full array of services we can now provide our clients. 
 While these early wins may not have a significant immediate financial impact, we're very pleased with the progress we've made towards our revenue synergies. These wins are further proof of the strong culture alignment of the merged organizations and perhaps most importantly, these wins demonstrate that when we put client needs first and help them succeed, we will succeed. 
 Seeing the overall level of sales activity we've had to date, I'm more confident than ever about achieving our 2018 revenue synergy objectives. 
 Now, moving to the cost and tax synergies. We announced post-merger cost synergies of $100 million to $125 million and tax savings of approximately $75 million annually, with these objectives achievable over a 3-year post-merger integration period. We budgeted $20 million in cost synergies for 2016, with an expected run rate of approximately $30 million of annualized savings and fully expect to meet our overall savings objectives by the end of 2018.  We should ultimately exceed our tax goal of $75 million of annual tax savings. 
 As a side note, regarding the recently issued treasury roles, our outside advisors and tax group reviewed the treasury regulations thoroughly, and we feel confident these regulations will not impact our current or longer-term tax savings. 
 I'd also like to address the legacy Willis Operational Improvement Program or now what we'll refer to as OIP. We continue to see this program as an important factor in achieving our 25% adjusted EBITDA margin objective by the end of 2018. We'll continue to provide color on the program and highlight savings, but we'll focus on the margin impact rather than the spread between revenue and expense growth. Incremental savings from the OIT were -- OIP, excuse me, were approximately $94 million as compared to the first quarter of 2015. The momentum of continuing savings will be sustained throughout the year. We continue to be committed to saving $325 million by the end of 2017.  This quarter, we incurred about $25 million of restructuring cost, and overall, we'll spend approximately $140 million in 2016.  This program continues to be on track to meet all of its financial objectives. 
 One significant step taking place this month is the restructuring of mid-and back-office colleagues in Great Britain. As a reminder, much of the program is focused on streamlining processes and moving office and administrative functions to lower cost locations. Great Britain was one of the first regions to adopt the OIP and now entering the last phase of the project. They're on track to attain their saving goals on schedule and on budget. We continue to believe the majority of the company OIP savings will drop to the bottom line, and we're driving internal accountabilities to ensure that happens.  We will have more detailed information on margin impact during our Analyst Day in September. 
 Now I'll review the first quarter 2016 legacy Towers Watson segment results and outlook, and Roger will provide the legacy Willis results and provide updated 2016 guidance for Willis Towers Watson. 
 As we discuss segment margins or operating margins, please note the metrics include different items for each of the legacy companies. The Willis margins include amortization, cash incentives and some of the restructuring cost, whereas Towers Watson margins exclude amortization of intangibles resulting from merger and acquisition cost and discretionary compensation. 
 Now let's look at the performance as well as our revenue and margin expectations of each of legacy Towers Watson segments. 
 On an overall constant currency basis, revenues in Benefits increased 1%, Exchange Solutions increased 57%, Risk and Financial Services decreased 4%, and Talent and Rewards decreased 9%. All of the revenue results discussed in the segment detail and guidance will reflect constant currency unless specifically stated otherwise. So let's look at each segment in more depth, starting with Benefits. 
 For the quarter, the Benefits segment had revenues of $486 million, which represents a 1% increase as compared to a 5% pro forma revenue increase in the first quarter of 2015. Retirement revenues decreased by 2%, Health and Group Benefits revenues grew by 8%,  and Technology and Administration Solutions revenues were up 8%. We don't anticipate any special demand for actuarial consulting services in 2016. Demand is expected to be good for healthcare consulting, and technology and administration is expected to go live with many client implementations throughout the year, which will drive additional revenues.  We expect Benefits 2016 revenue growth will be in the low-single-digit range. Benefits had an NOI margin of 36%, and we continue to expect this segment to be in the mid-30% range for calendar 2016. 
 Exchange Solutions had an outstanding quarter, with revenues of $152 million, a pro forma increase of 57%. On an organic basis, the Exchange Solutions segment grew by 48%. Driven by record enrollments, our Retiree and Access Exchange revenues increased 47%. And the other Exchange Solutions businesses increased 73%, and 49% on an organic basis. Increased enrollments in new client revenues drove the revenue increases. Our consumer-directed accounts practice also contributed approximately $9 million in revenue this quarter.  
 We believe the increase in lives will continue to support good growth for the rest of 2016, but we don't expect much off-cycle work during the calendar year. We have increased revenue growth expectations from low to mid-20% to a high 20% range for calendar year '16. 
 Exchange Solutions had a 30% NOI margin as compared to 21% in last year's first quarter. The Retiree and Access Exchanges line of business led this segment with a 48% NOI margin. For 2016, we expect the Exchange Solutions segment margin to be in the high-teens. As a reminder, margins are seasonally higher in the first half of the calendar year as compared to the second half of the calendar year. 
 For the quarter, Risk and Financial services had revenues of $144 million, a pro forma decline of 4%. Risk Consulting and Software revenues decreased 5% due to a softness in EMEA life consulting and a general softness in demand in the Americas. Investment revenue decreased by 2%, primarily driven by revenue declines in EMEA as demand softened for advisory services.  The Risk and Financial services segment is expected to have low-single-digit revenue growth for calendar year '16. We recently invested in senior marketing staff and the pipeline appears to be greater than at this point last year. We anticipate the impact of our marketing investments to impact revenues in the second half of the year. In addition, the prior year comparables for investments aren't as tough.  Risk and Financial services had a 23% NOI margin, and we expect to manage the business to achieve mid-20% margins. 
 Now let's move on to Talent and Rewards, which had revenues of $124 million, down 9% on a pro forma constant currency basis and down 6% on a pro forma organic basis, as compared to the prior year quarter, which experienced 15% revenue growth. 
 Executive Compensation revenues were down 1% as compared to 11% growth in the first quarter of calendar year '15. Data, surveys and technology revenues decreased by 15%. We saw a 4% decline on an organic basis as compared to a strong comparable of 9% revenue growth in the first quarter of calendar year '15. As a reminder, we acquired Saville Consulting and sold our HR Service Delivery business. 
 Rewards, Talent and Communication revenues decreased 9% as compared to 23% growth in the first quarter of calendar year '15. Talent and Rewards had a 10% NOI margin for the quarter. The first half of the calendar year is generally soft for this segment. We see an overall decrease in the number of transactions in the market globally, and as a result, we anticipate this impacting the segment's topline results, given that we're lowering our revenue outlook from a mid-single-digit constant currency revenue growth to a low- to mid-single-digit revenue growth in 2016, with margins in the mid-20% range. 
 Now, I'll turn the call over to Roger. 
Roger Millay: Thanks, John, and good morning to everyone. I'd like to first reiterate John's comment on the great collaboration we're experiencing in Willis Towers Watson. The level of engagement I've seen from the operating committee members to colleagues around the globe has been tremendous. It really is an exciting time to be part of Willis Towers Watson and based on the foundation being created now, I look forward to a very successful future. 
 Before moving to the performance of the legacy Willis segments, I'd like to add more color on John's comments regarding the adjusted diluted earnings per share for the first quarter. I'd also like to discuss a couple of noteworthy adjustments to earnings which were highlighted in the press release today. 
 There were 2 significant positive impacts to adjusted diluted earnings per share: First, our adjusted tax rate came in at 19%, which was lower than our forecast. Due to the seasonal strength of our profitability this quarter, we expect higher tax rates in the coming quarters, particularly in those quarters with seasonally lower operating profit. 
 Second, our outstanding weighted average diluted share count came in lower-than-expected due to the merger closing 4 days into the quarter. This lowered our average diluted share count to approximately $136 million. The current outstanding diluted shares are approximately $138 million. 
 Now let me turn to the reconciliation of segment operating income to income from operations, which was highlighted in our press release this morning. Most of these adjustments are self-explanatory, but I thought there were 2 items which perhaps needed some additional explanation. 
 First, amortization of $126 million represents the intangibles amortization which is excluded from the legacy Towers Watson segment results. In addition to this, there is $35 million of amortization expense reported in the legacy Willis segment results. The reporting treatment will be uniform next quarter when we report on the consolidated Willis Towers Watson segments. 
 Second, as we've described in public filings, relevant parties have agreed in principle to settle the Stanford litigation for $120 million and seek a court issued bar order against all Stanford-related claims. We recorded a $70 million provision in the December quarter based on the facts and circumstances at the time. The balance of $50 million was recorded in the first quarter once the settlement amount and terms were agreed.  The settlement will need final court approval, which if granted, may take several quarters. This is still ongoing litigation, so we're not able to provide more detail beyond what we've already said in our public filings. 
 Now let me turn to the legacy Willis segment performance. 
 On an overall constant currency basis, commissions and fees, or C&F, for international increased by 84%; North America increased 3%; capital, wholesale and reinsurance increased by 14%; and Great Britain was flat. All of the C&F results discussed in the segment detail and guidance reflect constant currency unless specifically stated otherwise. 
 Now let's look at each of the legacy Willis segments in more depth. 
 Turning to Willis International. With the consolidation of Gras Savoye, which contributed $235 million to revenue in the quarter, the top line grew 84% from the prior year. Gras Savoye's contribution for the quarter was bit ahead of plan. On an organic basis, international C&F declined by 5%. This was driven by weakness in Asia and a cancellation adjustment for a large natural resources project. This cancellation was not related to the economic environment of the energy sector, but was political in nature. 
 We continued to see strong growth in Latin America, Central and Eastern Europe, Middle East and Africa. The segment's operating profit margin was 30% this quarter. Our outlook for organic C&F growth for the full year is in the mid-single-digit range with net operating margin in the low- to mid-teens range. 
 Willis North America had a nice start to the year with organic C&F growth of 4%. The segment saw strength in all of its core regions across a number of lines of business, most notably construction, financial institutions and FINEX despite modest pricing headwinds. The Human Capital Practice also contributed mid-single-digit organic growth during the quarter. The segment's operating margin of 23% was modestly ahead of our expectations and highlights some of the strategic changes we've been making related to the Operational Improvement Program. 
 The outlook for Willis North America organic C&F growth continues to be in the low- to mid-single digits with a margin in the high teens. 
 Now turning to Willis Capital, Wholesale and Reinsurance. CWR generated commissions and fees growth of 14%, driven primarily by the contributions of Miller Insurance Services which contributed $49 million of C&F in the quarter. Organic C&F declined 3%, primarily due to the year-over-year decline of our fine arts and jewelry business as a result of the departure of the team of associates to JLT, for which we recently settled litigation, as well as a strong comparable in the reinsurance business, which benefited last year by an uplift of $6.5 million on a restructured account. 
 CWR's operating margin was 46% as this segment' business is seasonally weighted towards the first half of the year. We expect reported growth to be in the low double digits as Miller fully rolls on through the first half of the year. Organic C&F growth is expected to be in the low-single-digit range in 2016, assuming we don't see any significant further deterioration of reinsurance rates.  I should note that in our growth guidance for CWR on a commission and fees basis, is lower than the total revenues guidance we provided previously. This results from the fact that the earlier guidance included the anticipated impact of the $40 million settlement with JLT, which will be recognized in the second quarter as other income in total revenues. This item will not be adjusted out of GAAP earnings, consistent with the historic practice. We expect operating margin to be in the low-20% range. 
 Finally, Willis GB C&F growth was flat for the quarter. The cancellation adjustment for the large natural resources project mentioned earlier also impacted Willis GB. Organic C&F declined 2%. Excluding the impact of the natural resources project, organic growth would have been up approximately 2%. The segment's reported operating margin was 14%, modestly lower as compared to the prior year, driven by the project-related revenue decline and some one-time expense adjustments. 
 We continue to have a positive outlook for the business, and these one-time revenue and expense events which occurred this quarter are not indicative of our future outlook. Our outlook for organic C&F growth is in the low-single-digit range with margin in the high-20% range. 
 Moving to the balance sheet, we continue to have a strong financial position. We issued a $1 billion of U.S. dollar notes in March, $450 million at 3.5%, with a maturity date of September 2021 and $550 million at 4.4% with a maturity date of March 26. We expect to go to the euro market for an additional $600 million to $800 million. Being in the market recently and finalizing the timing of our refinancing, we expect our interest charges to be approximately $200 million for the year 2016.  The proceeds from the dollar offering were used to repay our $300 million public note, which matured in March, repay the USD 400 million tranche of our 1 year banknote and reduce the outstanding balance on our revolving credit facility. 
 Let me turn now to capital allocation. 
 As we mentioned, during the last earnings call, we expect to have a capital allocation approach focused on flexibility, while maintaining an investment grade-rated balance sheet. On a Moody's basis, this equates to a threshold of approximately 3.5x debt-to-EBITDA. Currently, our Moody's debt-to-EBITDA ratio is around 3.7. We expect this to self-correct over the next several quarters as our restructuring expenses decline, merger-related cost reduction programs are implemented and profits increase. 
 We believe we have several hundred million dollars of capital allocation flexibility for the second half of the year. As always, we'll weigh the benefit of potential acquisitions versus repurchasing shares. We prefer to do good acquisitions, and after that, look to share buybacks, consistent with our commitment to maximizing shareholder returns. 
 Free cash flow was $70 million this quarter. Free cash flow is expected to generally improve through each consecutive quarter during the calendar year. This quarter we paid approximately $500 million in incentive compensation, which included the normal pay cycle for former Willis colleagues and a partial year bonus for former Towers Watson Associates. Additionally, we contributed approximately $40 million to our defined benefit pension plans. 
 Now let's review our guidance for fiscal 2016. We'll continue to incur various merger and integration-related costs. These costs will continue to be material as we work through the integration period, and we expect them to be in approximately the $150 million to $170 million -- I'm sorry, $175 million range for 2016. The level of spending will depend on how quickly we move through some of the integration activities. Both deferred revenues and transaction and integration related costs will be adjusted from our GAAP measures. 
 In fiscal '16, we continue to expect constant currency revenue growth to be in the low-double digits, with the primary drivers being the Miller and Gras Savoye acquisitions. For purposes of segment guidance, we'll use commissions and fees, which excludes other revenue. As noted previously, a legal settlement of approximately $40 million will be posted to other income in the second quarter. 
 As we guide to overall company performance, we'll use total revenues, which includes fees and commissions and other revenues. We continue to expect organic revenue growth to be in the mid-single digits, but based on the first quarter results, our expectations are a bit muted versus the beginning of the year. 
 Adjusted operating income margin is anticipated to be around 20%, an increase from our previous guidance of around 19.5%. In calendar 2015, adjusted operating income was 19.1%. The adjusted tax rate is expected to be in the 23% to 24% range. The current GAAP rate of approximately 7% is due to a number of factors, but the main driver is related to the valuation of intangibles as a result of purchase accounting.  The amortization of the intangibles is somewhat front-end loaded and the current GAAP rate will not be sustained over time. 
 We continue to expect adjusted EPS in the range of $7.70 to $7.95 based on average currency rates of $1.43 to the pound and $1.10 to the euro. While we've maintained our overall revenue growth projections, the first quarter has dampened the range of this growth. Our leadership team is aligned and committed to manage expenses as needed to achieve our 2016 adjusted EPS goal. 
 Once again, we have many moving pieces related to the merger and integration, but I'm extremely pleased with how things are progressing. Our intent is to continue to streamline reporting over the next several quarters and provide a clear line of sight to our operations and results. Now I'll turn it back to John. 
John Haley: Thanks, Roger. And now, we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Ryan Tunis of Crdit Suisse. 
Ryan Tunis: I guess just taking a step back. I mean, your comment that your view on organic over the full year is a bit muted based on what you saw in the first quarter. Just hoping you could talk a little bit about the areas. Looking out over the rest of the year, where your expectations may be a little bit muted relative to where they were? 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, certainly, as you look across the legacy segments of both firms, there were areas that came in a little bit softer. And I think the legacy Towers Watson RFS segment is one of those pieces. As we mentioned, the Talent and Rewards business came in softer than we expected, and we're not seeing the kind of project activity that we saw there last year. And then international, within legacy Willis and the CWR segment, is a little bit softer. So I think those are all the areas that were a little bit off where we expected. We do think that some of the elements there are timing in nature. So perhaps, you might look at our guidance and be surprised that we're not a little bit more muted. But we think that in Asia, we've mentioned Asia and international, there were some deals that didn't come in, in the first quarter, but we've seen them coming in later in the year. And also as I mentioned, there were -- in a couple of segments, there were some tougher comparables that don't repeat later in the year. So we think a little bit muted is the way to look at it. 
Ryan Tunis: Okay. And I just had a follow-up on the treasury action and the tax guidance. We saw the press release reiterating the $75 million. I mean, it seems like the -- I also appreciate it's not really an inversion. But of the $75 million, should we think about that predominantly coming from intercompany debt? Or are there other -- to what extent is the $75 million dependent on the intercompany interest versus other forms of tax planning and just re-domestication? 
Roger Millay: Yes. I think, broadly, we were focused on efficiency of capital structure and efficiency of intercompany arrangements as we structure the legal entity set up for the merger. We do have intercompany debt there, of course, and that is one of the elements that drives our tax efficiencies. And we're mindful of other opportunities and continue to work on it. So -- and I think as we mentioned in our press release and discussion a month or 2 ago, given that our merger was closed in January and the new treasury regulations came out in April, we're very comfortable with the sustainability of our structure and the tax synergies that we mentioned. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi: I guess, just -- I'll follow-up on Ryan's question in a second on the regs, but just looking at overall organic -- we can focus more on Willis for the moment. In margins, when I look at peers, margins are in the mid-20s, organic growth has been running 3%, 4% here recently. So your organic was negative adjusting for items or flattish. Margins, sound like you're kind of -- if we take the international and North America in the aggregate, looks like you're looking at mid-teens margins. Why is that? Because I would guess, obviously, those margins that you're talking about are excluding the Operational Improvement Program and other adjustments. What is that delta? And how should we think about what Willis can do to try and close that gap? 
Roger Millay: Well, thanks, Michael. Look, I think this goes back to the overall merger strategy and set up and what we're implementing. I can't really comment on the margin gap that you just articulated, but it doesn't sound all that dissimilar to what we were thinking about when we set the 25% EBITDA margin target for the overall company. We think there's opportunity there. We think that OIP is clearly a great asset to have as we move towards that target and is producing real results. So we do think, as you look at some comparables, that there's opportunity to enhance margin, and we're on the case. So I think that's the margin piece. I would say broadly, and maybe John wants to comment on this a little bit, relative to our past experience, but when you look at the growth results here versus other players in the market, first, legacy Willis was moving the last couple of years organically in that 3% to 4% range. There were some headwinds this quarter. Some of those were, again, timing in nature, including the pipeline adjustments that we talked about, which was probably worth about 0.5 point of growth. So I think you consider the overall merger activity and you look at comparables, and I think -- again, we're confident in improved growth -- organic growth as we go through the year, and while, again, a little bit muted, we think we're in an okay place here as we start the year. 
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, that's helpful. I mean... 
John Haley: Yes, Roger, I guess I would just -- maybe just to follow-up just a little bit on what Roger said. When we look back as to where Willis had been over the last 3 years against our main competitor, Willis grew, the revenue growth was actually higher than our main competitors. We've outlined what we think are some of the specifics for why the growth was somewhat off this quarter, but we don't expect those to be continuing issues. 
Michael Nannizzi: I see. I guess -- I mean, I guess my question is sort of looking at sort of the base broker model. I mean, organic growth is certainly an ingredient for sustainable margin expansion. And so kind of looking at where you are now and given the growth that sort of had worked against you, and maybe the merger, some of the elements of the merger will ultimately sort of resolve themselves, but maybe there's a period of transition between. I'm just trying to figure out, how is that -- and I get the overall EBITDA margins, but if I just look at international and North America, which is comparable to the way others report sort of the brokerage or risk business, what is that gap and sort of who's the person, the enabler, that's going to kind of drive the direction of that margin back towards that sort of peer group? 
Roger Millay: Well, I mean, I guess, I'll comment first. Look, I think that we're very committed to and very focused on our integration activities, completing the OIP program and driving to the 25% margin, and we believe that, that 25% margin is in the range of what we see competitors achieve. The operating team and our overall leadership is aligned around that goal. So we will drive towards that goal through our businesses and through our operating leaders. So, think, I mean, I'm not sure exactly what you're getting at in your question, but I think it's the alignment. Again, it's observing what others can do in our market and the alignment with our business leaders that's going to achieve success here. 
Michael Nannizzi: No, I'm not -- I'm just asking -- my question is just simply, it's not -- it's just straightforward. It's just sort of looking at sort of where others with similar platforms are on a margin basis and sort of looking -- so if you guys have been trying to understand how we get from point A to point B, that's all. That was my only question. Okay. And then as far as just real quick on the amortization, Roger, you mentioned the Willis -- so should we then assume that starting in the second quarter, the amortization charge within Willis, that $35 million or the equivalent of that number in subsequent quarters, will be excluded from the operating income number? Is that kind of what you were implying? 
Roger Millay: Yes. Yes, that's exactly right. And again, I'll say, I guess, we feel your pain relative to the differences between the 2 legacy companies. So that's why we pointed out those numbers as we now move the second quarter to the new segments. And the way we'll talk about them on a consistent basis, all amortization of intangibles will be excluded from adjusted operating earnings. So exactly what you said. And we think that will provide much greater clarity year-to-year. You won't have that M&A impact of intangibles interfering with the clarity of how operating margins are moving. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum of Stifel. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: John, one of the rationales for the merger was improving the Exchange Solutions trajectory. Trajectory improved dramatically actually in the quarter from expectations. Could you talk a little bit more? Was it participants that came in better? Are you selling more services per client? What's going on over there? 
John Haley: Yes. So thanks, Shlomo. I think generally, there -- all things around Exchange Solutions were really looking pretty positive there. We did benefit from the biggest retiree client we'd ever implemented. And so that added a lot of lives. But we have now, as of the middle of last year, we had -- we were up to a little -- close to $1.2 million, just under $1.2 million of total covered lives from 730,000 the year before. We'll be growing that again this year. So the lives are going up everywhere. We are seeing -- we're beginning to see some of the increased selling in the mid-market that we had expected. It's still early days for that. And I mean -- I think when I went through the different revenue synergies, I acknowledge, we're seeing these things for the Exchange Solutions and for some of the others, but it's still really early. I mean, most of those revenue synergies, we will see them in the back half of the 3 years, not in the end. I think the important thing from my viewpoint, though, is how quickly we're starting to at least see some of them come in, and it's very encouraging for the long-term trend. I think -- so it was really a confluence of different things, but on Exchange Solutions, we're delighted with just the growth in the retirees, in the actives and really across the board there. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Are you going to give us some forecast for this year or are we going to get that in June? I mean, over the last few years, you've been giving that when it was just Towers Watson. 
John Haley: Yes. Generally, we've been doing that -- we'll probably do that -- Analyst Day is really when we're going to have some good numbers, Shlomo. That's what it's been the last year or 2. And the problem, as you know, is that the selling season, of course, for the middle market runs throughout the year pretty much, but the larger part of the middle market and the large market, it's not over until really June or July or sometime there. So it's awhile before we have really good information. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. And then can you give a little bit more detail on the political item that resulted to a large cancellation impact at both the 2 units in Willis? How much was that in itself a factor of muting the growth? And I'm not sure if there's anything that you feel comfortable elaborating on that to get us a little more comfortable we're not going to see a recurrence of that. 
John Haley: So let me just say this about that. As Roger said, it was -- it probably knocked about 0.5% off the growth rate. It was something -- it was sort of a one-time event that caused this, we think, but we don't necessarily -- this is the kind of thing that we might have seen as reversed in the remainder of the year. And so we're not banking on that, but that's not impossible. 
Roger Millay: It was about $10 million, Shlomo, so. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: In total for both units? 
Roger Millay: Yes, split 50/50... 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: And then for the whole year, the impact would be expected to be $40 million? 
Roger Millay: No, no, no. That... 
John Haley: No, no. It's a one-time $10 million. 
Roger Millay: Yes, that's -- yes. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: One-time $10 million. So it's a 0.5% of... 
John Haley: I mean, it's $10 million for the whole year, yes. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: Okay. So the muted growth for the year is not specifically from -- in order and in amount from this one contract? 
John Haley: I think the muted growth is really a reflection of an overall mosaic of what's going. And I think what Roger, I think, was trying to paint is a picture that looks like this. We have some specific items that we can see that caused some issues here and like the pipeline, and so we see that. Even if it doesn't come back, it's not going to be a repeat during the rest of the year. So we're sort of past that in some respects there. When we look at it -- and you saw particularly when I was going through the legacy Towers Watson, we had some very tough comparables from a year ago. You saw a little bit of that when Roger was going through the legacy Willis things. The comparables get easier as we go through the year. So we're not saying that everything is going to pick up exactly to where it might have been. But overall, we're not feeling that down beat about the growth which will -- we think it will be a little bit lower than we thought going into the year, but we're not necessarily that far off. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum: If you don't mind, just -- can you bridge for us what gets better in the second half? Because we're going from 1% growth to mid-single digits, which most people would think is 4% for the whole year or above. What gets a lot better? Is it just the comps get that much easier and therefore, we have a lot better comps? Or is there something else in the numbers that are going to get better? 
John Haley: I think, partly, the comps get better. I mean, I think if you look at some of the -- let me just give you one example, if you look at some of the bulk on some work that was very heavy in the first quarter of calendar 2015 and faded off somewhat in the remainder of the year. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I think maybe Shlomo, just a few other things that we might have mentioned. We think that investment will do better the rest of the year than it did in the first quarter, just based on the pipeline that we see. One of the things that I think we alluded to, we haven't really discussed in the Q&A here, is the impact in Talent and Rewards of the sale of the Human Resource Service Delivery business. So we'll lap that at some point this year. Talent Rewards, I think the headline numbers make it look worse this quarter than it really is. And I guess, John said, there are some tough comparables from projects they had going on at this time last year that won't repeat. And then you do have, again some of the timing things we mentioned before. So I think again we've gone through each of the business lines, looked at them closely and we do think that this kind of muted view of mid-single-digit organic growth is really what our momentum reflects at this point. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dave Styblo of Jefferies. 
David Styblo: Maybe I'll move off organic growth for a minute and just talk a little bit more about EBITDA, which I think did come in pretty strong both on the dollar basis and the margin side.  So can you maybe flush out a little bit of what happened in there, what sort of cost synergies? And why you were able to sort of keep a higher EBITDA despite the topline being a little bit more challenging right now? And then maybe how do we think about that trajectory going forward? 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, I think, again, the trajectory that we expect from an EBITDA margin point of view, and I won't say necessarily every quarter. But given our focus, we expect gradually improving EBITDA margins. For this quarter particularly, one thing that we mentioned just briefly in the script that was a little bit stronger than our forecast and led to some of the margin enhancement, again, versus what we expected is Gras Savoye came in stronger in the first quarter than expected. Some of that was just due to some revenue accounting comparability between the 2 firms. So we haven't changed our view on the full year for Gras Savoye, and they're coming in nicely, but it did give some acceleration into the first quarter.  I think otherwise, OIP savings are flowing in. I think the team was attentive. And you might recall, if you followed both the legacy companies, there was cost activity going on as we entered the merger in both companies, and we're seeing a benefit of that. So I think, otherwise, there's disciplined operating activity going on. I mean, we did mention again -- and it is unfortunate with the project cancellation that we mentioned earlier, but when you look at the 2 parts of legacy Willis that were farthest advanced in the OIP program, both North America and GB are seeing a benefit now in their margins of OIP. Unfortunately, in GB, because of the cancellation, it's not as visible as it otherwise would have been. 
John Haley: And Roger just, I guess, the other -- and to make sure we're clear about it, is that quarter 1 and quarter 2, to a lesser extent, are seasonally strong for EBITDA, for margins. And that's true in lot of the legacy Willis segments. It's certainly true in the Exchange Solutions, which is quite heavily weighted that way. So while we expect to have strong margin performance throughout the year, the strongest part of it is this first quarter, and to a lesser extent, the second quarter. 
David Styblo: Sure, okay. Maybe you can also talk about the OIP. And are you sticking to sort of the gross savings target that was originally out there, I think it was $150 million for this year? If that's the holding, can you tell us what you expect the net savings to be? Because I think, thus far, sort of on the legacy Willis side, we've seen the gross savings some, but a lot of it was being put back in. So I'm wondering when the inflection point comes, where shareholders get a chance to see more of the return of those gross savings hit the bottom line. 
John Haley: Yes. So I think, look, the OIP is -- one of the single most important things we're focusing on right now is to make sure that those savings do indeed drop to the bottom line. And it's a -- it's one of the major focuses of the operating committee, is to make sure that we see those go through. And we're going to be looking very, very carefully at any reinvestment and try to maximize the amount that drops through. We'll probably -- I think, I mentioned earlier, we'll be able to give you more color around that at the Analyst Day in September, but that is one of the 2 or 3 major focuses of the organization at this point. 
David Styblo: Okay. And then lastly, maybe getting back to your capital deployment plans. I know there was sort of a commitment to start to repurchase shares in the second half of this year. It sounds like maybe you're a little bit more balanced of keeping some dry powder for M&A. Can you talk about what sort of you expect your share repurchases to look like? I don't think at this point, you have an authorization, so maybe you could remind me about that. And also, if you want to touch upon the free cash flow outlook, I think we were hoping to get a little bit more visibility on that as you think about things not only for this year, but going forward over the next couple of years as those one-time expenses roll off and what you think your underlying free cash flow power can be in a couple of years? 
John Haley: Yes. Okay, so thanks very much. Let me just start off addressing that. So look, when we -- we didn't mean to signal any change from anything we said before. What Roger was saying is we expect to have a few hundred million dollars available in the second half of the year, which is I think always what we had talked about. This formulation that we said that what we want to do is maximize shareholder return. Generally, if we can find a very attractive acquisition, that's probably the way we could do that best, and we're always looking to do that. But as a practical matter, there's no way we're going to do any kind of really major acquisition in the first year or 1.5 year of this merger. We have work to do there, even a more modest acquisition. If there was something that was a unique property, that if we didn't buy it now, there wouldn't be an opportunity to buy one like that in the future, we might consider something like that. But in general, we're going to have higher standards for doing any acquisitions. But our overall approach has always been acquisitions are first, but we have some high standards for doing that, so it's hard to find them. And then after that, we want to return the cash to shareholders. I think our free cash flow is going to be the major source of how we can do that, and we're looking to, in general, deploy a lot of our free cash flow over the coming years to be doing share repurchases. We don't need any kind of a specific authorization from the board. We don't need any new authorization. We have about $500 million authorization that already exists. And so whatever we would be thinking about doing this year, we're already set for that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: Most of the questions have been answered. I just want to touch upon the -- so basically, senior management team as well as the producers on the ground, what's the employee morale through the integration process? And what's the volunteer and turnover rates? 
John Haley: Okay. So, I think one of the things that has gratified the whole management team and our board, we're discussing with them, is the very positive reaction we have had from our colleagues around the world to this merger. And I think unlike some other mergers I've been involved in, in the past where you're buying firms where there's lot of overlap, sometimes there's angst among folks as to what their position is going to be in the new organization. With Willis Towers Watson and the relatively limited overlap we had, we've seen, I think more energy and excitement among colleagues at an earlier stage than we ever have before. We have been looking at our turnover statistics. There's nothing out of the ordinary. In fact, if anything, they're a little bit lower than I might have expected. I think that we expect that we'll see normal turnover -- I was prepared for turnover actually, especially maybe last year between announcement and the closing to be a little bit higher than usual. We did not see that. And I think that, again, goes back to the enthusiasm that our colleagues around the world have had for this. 
Kai Pan: Okay, that's great. Last question. Have you talked  about what's the foreign currency exchange impact for the quarter, as well as the potential Brexit  impact on your business? 
John Haley: Okay. Roger, do you want to start with the currency impact? 
Roger Millay: Well, yes. I mean, I think it was in the script that there was about $50 million, a little over $50 million of FX impact on the revenue line. I don't know that we gave an EPS impact, but it would be modest.  And just to note, going forward, you'll note that our guidance on FX is a little bit lower than where the pound and the euro are now. So there's probably a single-digit -- from an EPS point of view, single digit kind of sense potential upside if rates stayed the way they are now. 
Kai Pan: That's great. 
John Haley: And so I guess just on -- sorry, I was going to answer on Brexit. 
Kai Pan: Yes. 
John Haley: So just on that, I think, like everyone else, we're following the debate there, and there's -- some people are concerned about the impact of some uncertainty in the U.K., although I think the uncertainty leading up to the vote is probably as great as anything they would see, too. We see basically some cons and some pros. The London insurance market could see some premium declines accelerate. The insurance centers could move elsewhere. On the other hand, there is added complexity in the marketplaces, in general, something that's good for consulting firms and for brokers. There would be issues around if people did move legal entities or capital or staffing, that would create opportunities for us, in particular, could benefit CRB and HCB . So I think there would clearly be some short-term dislocations. We generally feel that when there are dislocations in the market, it favors companies that are agile and nimble and flexible, and we like to think of ourselves that way. Okay. We're going to take one more question 
Operator: And our next last version comes from Tim McHugh of William Blair & Company. 
Timothy McHugh: So just some, I guess, numbers questions. The kind of other revenue part of exchange you talked about as very strong growth, is that project revenue or is that kind of the addition of new clients? In other words, a recurring type of uplift that we saw on that piece of the business. 
John Haley: Yes, there's almost no real project revenue in Exchange Solutions. It comes from collecting the commissions or other fees paid for the employees, but there's not a lot of special project revenue at all. 
Roger Millay: As I just mentioned, it's to some extent, maybe the main driver, the continuing success in Health and Welfare administration business, and the new clients, as we've been talking about, over the last year or so. 
John Haley: Yes. But again, that is -- those are usually -- Tim -- those are like long-term deals where we'll sign up the client for a 5-year deal or something like that. And every once in a while, there's a big law change. That part of the business might have some special projects, but relatively rarely. 
Timothy McHugh: All right. That's why I was asking the question.  I didn't know if ACA was driving a bunch of change orders or something like that. All right. And then you talked about the seasonality of the acquisitions here -- more in the legacy Willis side. Can you help us at all then with the rest of the year? How much? Just because we don't have the history there. I guess, in terms of 2Q versus the second half as we think about those businesses, and I guess, how much maybe first half versus second half typically? 
Roger Millay: I'm sorry, first half versus second half... 
Timothy McHugh: For Gras Savoye more specifically. 
John Haley: It's the Gras Savoye and the seasonality there, Roger. 
Roger Millay: On revenues? 
Timothy McHugh: Yes. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I think, it's certainly over 50%. Probably reasonably over 50% in the first half. And pretty much all the profit is in the first half. 
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Haley for closing remarks. 
John Haley: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning, and I look forward to talking to you on the Willis Towers Watson earnings call in August. So long. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for participating in today's conference. This concludes the program. You may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-10 09:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Willis Towers Watson Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Aida Sukys, Director of Investor Relations for Willis Towers Watson. Please begin. 
Aida Sukys: Thank you very much. Welcome to the Willis Towers Watson earnings call. On the call today are John Haley, Willis Towers Watson's Chief Executive Officer; Dominic Casserley, Deputy CEO and President; Roger Millay, our Chief Financial Officer; and John Greene, the Willis Group's CFO prior to the merger. Due to weather conditions on the U.S. East Coast, we're in different locations today, so please bear with us if there are any delays on the line. Please refer to our website for last night's press release. 
 Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone through tomorrow by dialing (855) 859-2056, conference ID 35564917. The replay will also be available for the next 3 months on our website. 
 This call may include forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, involving risks and uncertainties. 
 For a discussion of forward-looking statements and the risks and other factors that may cause actual results or events to differ materially from those contemplated by forward-looking results, investors should review the forward-looking statements section of the earnings press release issued yesterday, a copy of which is available on our website at willistowerswatson.com, as well as other disclosures under the heading of Risk Factors and Forward-Looking Statements in the Willis Group's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and Towers Watson's most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and in other Towers Watson and Willis filings with the SEC. 
 Investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this earnings call. 
 Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. 
 During the call, we may discuss certain non-GAAP financial measures. For a discussion of the non-GAAP financial measures as well as reconciliations to the non-GAAP financial measures under Regulation G due -- to the most closely comparable GAAP measures, investors should review the press release we posted on our website. 
 Please bear with us as the content we'll be discussing on the call today is lengthy, but it is rather important as we transition from reporting our legacy earnings to those of Willis Towers Watson. We'll be providing information on the most recent integration efforts, reporting the results of our 2 legacy organizations and providing details regarding Willis Towers Watson's capital allocation strategies, and finally, providing 2016 guidance for the combined company. 
 After our prepared remarks, we'll open the conference call for your questions, which may have to be limited today. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to John Haley. 
John Haley: Thanks very much, Aida, and good morning, everyone. I'm very excited to be conducting our first Willis Towers Watson earnings call. In fact, this call actually represents the union of 3 historic organizations: Willis, Towers Watson and Gras Savoye. Gras Savoye, the leading insurance broker in France with a strong presence in Africa, the Middle East and part of Europe, became part of Willis on December 29, 2015. The merger of Willis and Towers Watson was completed as of January 4, 2016. 
 We are now an organization of more than 39,000 colleagues serving more than 120 countries, 90% of the Global Fortune 500, 85% of the U.S. Fortune 1000 and more than 20,000 middle market clients. 
 Before we review our results today, I'd like to provide an update on our integration efforts. While the merger was official as of January 4, you may recall our integration planning has been underway since July 2015. We recently brought together more than 200 of our global leaders for a formal kickoff of Willis Towers Watson in London during the second week of January. The purpose of the meeting was to talk about the vision for the company and have our leaders help execute that vision upon their return home. 
 I left that meeting with a few overall impressions. The shared values of our companies, the collaboration between colleagues and the focus on client relationships were all stronger than I anticipated when we announced this merger back in June. There were a couple of interesting aspects of the meeting. One was to see the enthusiasm of leadership, but also hear about the excitement taking place in the local offices. Within days of closing the merger, many of our colleagues in the local markets took the initiative to reach out to each other, start learning the product and service offerings of the legacy organizations and discuss how to respond to RFPs utilizing the best resources of the newly combined organization. The early feedback was loud and clear. The level of collaboration was quite extraordinary, and the level of excitement was more than we could have expected. 
 It's unusual during the early stages following a merger for people in the newly created organization to grasp the long-term power behind the transaction. From the feedback I received, our colleagues around the globe understand the power this union will create in serving our clients and are more enthusiastic about the vision than we could have hoped. While we're in the early days of this journey, we all appreciate the hard work ahead of us in making our long-term vision a reality. 
 So for now, we'll continue to focus on our integration road map, which includes clearly defined revenue, expense and tax synergies, and appreciate that continued collaboration at the local market level will ultimately contribute to our success. 
 Now let me provide an update on the synergy plans. We've articulated 3 areas of revenue synergies over the last 7 months: penetrating the private health care exchange middle market, building relationships in the large corporate P&C business, and utilizing Willis and Gras Savoye's strong multinational relationships and brokerage network for global benefits solutions.  I'd like to take a few minutes to discuss these integration efforts more specifically. 
 I think you'll see our extensive, intense integration planning helped jump-start our efforts very quickly after the close of the deal on January 4. A number of our mid-market sales colleagues were in Buffalo during the week of January 25 for an intensive go-to-market training program for the active employee health care exchanges. This initial training session for the mid-market private health care marketing sales force was quite successful. This group will continue to work with                                      the exchange solutions leadership to provide training to the broad mid-market sales distribution network. 
 We've been fortunate to secure a win with our first Willis Towers Watson mid-market exchange client and look forward to continuing to strengthen our mid-market reach. 
 Turning to the large account U.S. P&C integration efforts. Now that the merger has closed, our account directors, the brokering and industry leads are aggressively working with our target clients to build on our strong relationships and address their P&C needs for 2016 and beyond. We had our first significant win at the end of January. While this wasn't a joint sales effort, the client worked with and highly respected both legacy organizations. The client cited that the merger of Willis Towers Watson was viewed as a positive factor in assessing the RFP. This is a great example of a significant client relationship getting stronger. 
 Now let's turn to the efforts in the global benefits solutions. We recently won 2 client projects as a direct result of expanding our country footprint and owning the distribution network. We're seeing a strong pipeline of RFPs and have the ability to respond to opportunities that we just couldn't in the past. Merging the Towers Watson technology and products with the Willis and Gras Savoye distribution network and strong brands has given us an immediate strength and presence in the global benefits space. 
 We also announced post-merger cost synergies of $100 million to $125 million and tax savings of approximately $75 million annually. On the cost front, corporate leaders provided their business cases, identifying specific synergies they'll be accountable for achieving over the next 3 years. The real estate and IT infrastructure portion of the cost synergy planning is most advanced at this stage. We also feel more confident than ever that our tax savings goals will be achieved. All of the integration and synergy activities I just mentioned also give us great confidence in our ability to achieve the 25% EBITDA margin target by the end of our 3-year integration process in 2018. 
 Finally, I'd like to address the client response, which has been very gratifying. We had a number of wins, as I've highlighted above, and our clients' openness for a discussion and a combination of joint marketing efforts in the first month has been very positive. I also had the opportunity to speak to many CEOs at The World Economic Forum last month. The response to offering integrated solutions to enhance organizational performance by managing both risk and people was well received, and the discussions were very engaging. 
 Now we'll review the full and fourth quarter 2015 Willis and the quarter ending December 31, 2015, or second quarter FY '16 Towers Watson results. We'll also provide 2016 guidance for Willis Towers Watson. As we discuss segment margins or operating margins, please note that metrics include different items for each of the legacy companies. The Willis margins include intangibles and discretionary compensation. The Towers Watson margins exclude both intangible and discretionary compensation. 
 Now I'll turn the call over to Dominic Casserley. 
Dominic Casserley: Thanks, John. Let me reiterate what John said in his opening comments. With the merger completed, we are very excited about the potential for the combined business. We are very pleased with the progress we've made to date on integration, the enthusiasm with which our colleagues are approaching the integration and the reaction from our clients. Now turning to legacy Willis' results. The company reported another solid quarter that concluded a year of significant financial and operational achievements. 
 Throughout the year, we faced some volatile market conditions, and we have performed in spite of them. Earnings per diluted share for the fourth quarter were $1.09 on an underlying basis, as we once again generated solid underlying commissions and fees growth of 9.5%, driven by strong organic growth and the contributions of our strategic acquisitions. Our underlying profit was held back by interest and amortization costs associated with the Miller acquisition, which produces most of its profits in the first half of the year, and also by slightly lower earnings of associates. So we believe that the nearly 10% growth of our underlying EBITDA in the quarter gives a clear read on the performance of the business. On an organic basis, C&F growth was a very strong 4.8% for the fourth quarter. For the full year, it was 3.3%, representing the fourth consecutive year of mid-single digit organic C&F growth and consistent with our stated annual goal for this metric. 
 Through our focus on the execution of the Operational Improvement Program and other initiatives, our organic expense growth rate was well below our revenue growth rate, and we once again exceeded the upgraded 200 basis point commitment we made in July 2015. The result was another quarter of organic operating margin expansion, the fifth in a row. 
 As has been the case all year, our performance in the fourth quarter was a result of our focus on and execution against our 3-pillar strategy. Generating organic growth through our diversified business is the first of these pillars, and our strong performance is evident in the numbers I just discussed. I will briefly walk through the source of this growth at a business level in a moment. 
 Our second pillar is our targeted M&A strategy. The quarter saw progress on several fronts, including the continued successful involvement with Miller and the completion of our acquisition of Gras Savoye in December, as expected. Overall, our acquisition program made consistently strong contributions to our growth throughout the year, as seen in our underlying C&F growth in the fourth quarter. 
 The third and final strategic pillar is the execution of our Operational Improvement Program. Once again, the OIP exceeded our expectations in the fourth quarter, generating $49 million in cost savings. During the third quarter call, I told you that our performance through the 9 months gave us confidence in our ability to drive further improved spread for the year, and I'm pleased to say that we have again exceeded our target. 
 So let me provide you with a bit more detail about how we achieved this performance in the quarter as well as provide some overall expectations for 2016. Willis International finished the year on a strong note, as expected. Underlying revenue growth was 11.4%, as Max Matthiessen and the IFG pension and benefits business continued to contribute to the segment's performance. On an organic basis, International's revenues rose 9%, demonstrating its continued solid momentum. Latin America led the way again with double-digit growth. We couldn't be more pleased with International's performance in 2015. The business turned in excellent growth and profitability despite significant challenges in key geographies. 
 With the addition of Gras Savoye, we expect 2016 constant-currency revenue growth in the 50% range, while we expect organic growth in the mid- to high single digits. 
 In Willis North America, organic revenue growth was 1.9%. The segment saw strength in several industry practices, including double-digit growth in Construction and Real Estate and Hospitality as well as mid-single-digit organic growth in the Human Capital practice. Underlying revenue growth for the quarter was 0.6%, reflecting our decision to divest a number of smaller, non-core businesses. Looking at 2016, all else being equal, we anticipate another solid year of revenue growth and margin improvement. 
 Now let's turn to Willis Capital, Wholesale and Reinsurance. CW&R generated underlying C&F growth of 30.3%, driven by the contributions of Miller Insurance Services. Organic revenue declined 3.7%. Within this organic result, Willis Re and our key programs businesses continued to grow well. These areas of growth were more than offset by a decline in our Fine Arts, Jewellery & Specie business. For the coming year, we expect CW&R reported growth to be in the mid-teens as Miller plays through the earlier quarters. Organic growth is expected to be in the low to mid-single-digit range in 2016, assuming we do not see any significant further deterioration of reinsurance rates. 
 Finally, Willis GB ended the year with an excellent performance as our strategic efforts began to gain traction. Organic revenue growth was very strong in the quarter at 8.3%. Underlying C&F growth was 9.4%. Our restructuring efforts drove a decrease in costs in the quarter, and this in turn drove another quarter of profit expansion for the segment. Willis GB is positioned for further revenue and profit momentum in 2016. 
 So all in all, a good quarter to end a great year and a positive outlook for 2016. 
 Now before I hand the call over to John Greene, I would like to take a moment, given this will be John's last conference call with us, to thank him for his very significant contributions as the CFO of Willis. He has brought a very high level of corporate finance and day-to-day discipline to the company and has been a critical partner with the businesses and our technology and operations leaders in driving outperformance of the Operational Improvement Program. He has been at the center of our processes relating to Miller and Gras Savoye, and he did this all while helping Willis execute on our game-changing merger with Towers Watson. So from me and all of us at Willis, thank you very much, John. 
 With that, I'll now turn it over to John to discuss the Willis financials in more detail. 
John Greene: Thank you, Dominic, for those comments. It has been a team effort throughout and a pleasure working with you, the team and the board. Good morning to those on the call. I'll be working off the fourth quarter slide deck, which is available on our website. 
 Starting on Slide 5. Underlying earnings for the quarter were flat with last year at $1.09 per diluted share. Our underlying revenue growth and cost management efforts drove an increase in operating income. The prior-year comparison is challenging because, as you may recall, in the fourth quarter of 2014, there was a $12 million gain from a portfolio sale. Removing this, underlying EPS would have been up approximately $0.13. The other $0.09 of declines in the quarter reflect increased amortization expense from acquisitions and slightly lower earnings from associates as we prepared Gras Savoye for full consolidation. 
 On a reported basis, our results reflect adjusting items that, in total, reduced earnings by $1.44 per share. The adjusting items in the quarter included a gain of $0.85 per share from the remeasurement of the previously held equity interest in Gras Savoye; and cost of $0.64 of M&A transaction-related expense, primarily related to the merger with Towers Watson; $0.61 for our litigation provisions; $0.45 of restructuring charges associated with our Operational Improvement Program; $0.39 related to the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar, we have written down the operation to $3 million on a book basis; and finally $0.20 related to a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets. 
 The fourth quarter impact of currency headwinds was a negative $0.19 per share. Adjusting for share count, this was roughly $0.05 more than the guidance provided, largely driven by further declines in the euro. 
 The $0.61 provision I mentioned relates to previously disclosed litigation surrounding the Stanford Financial Group. Accounting standards require us to take into account a variety of factors in setting up the provision. To give one example, in cases where the expected costs of protracted litigation are significant, it is not unusual to have discussions with the plaintiff from time to time, where it make sense for the company. There are numerous other factors, and we believe we are appropriately provided for. But to be clear, we continue to dispute the allegation in the strongest terms and to defend ourselves vigorously. Nothing has changed in that regard. Please note that because this is pending litigation, we are not in a position to comment on details. 
 On Slide 6, a brief summary of the Operational Improvement Program. You can see here that we continue to make progress against the program's objectives. The OIP generated $49 million in cost savings in the fourth quarter. For the year, cost savings totaled $112 million, 40% ahead of our $80 million target. Recall that this target was increased in July from our original $60 million guidance. We achieved the higher savings while spending 10% below our prior expectations. We are on track to deliver our increased annualized run-rate cost savings target of $325 million. In summary, the OIP is achieving everything we hoped for. 
 Slide 7 focuses on organic metrics. As you can see from the charts, the combination of our solid organic revenue growth and our focus on cost management is driving strong organic margin performance. We are very pleased with the consistent improvement in organic spread. The graph on the left shows the spread between organic commission and fee growth and organic expense growth has reached a new high of 280 basis points in the fourth quarter. This marks the fifth consecutive quarter of expansion in organic spread. For the year, we achieved a spread of 240 basis points. The impact of this can be seen on the graph on the right. Organic EBITDA has grown $12 million or 6.7% over the same period last year. 
 Finally, turning to Slide 8. At the end of last year, we provided a scorecard that laid out some of our medium-term goals and progress against them. I am pleased to say that we have delivered against all of these commitments. We generated mid-single digit organic C&F growth of 3.3% for the year. We achieved an improvement in organic spread of 240 basis points for the full year, well ahead of our 200 basis point target. Full year underlying EBITDA grew by over 9%, which we view as a good proxy for the cash flow of legacy Willis. 
 On the cash flow front, we have had an important development with our U.K. pension. We concluded negotiations with the pension trustees. The result was the removal of the contingent funding requirements tied to EBITDA and buybacks and reduced noncontingent deficit contributions. Deficit contributions for 2015 were $75 million. In 2016, they will reduce to $53 million. For 2017 and forward, they will be $22 million or $37 million, depending on progress towards deficit elimination. This is a nice pickup in cash flow while providing protection for the members of the pension plan. 
 Now before I hand the line over for the last time, let me say how much I've enjoyed working with all of you on the call. I'd also like to wish John, Dominic, and Roger every success. I look forward to watching Willis Towers Watson deliver shareholder and customer value. 
 Now let me pass the call over to Roger to take you through the Towers Watson's results for the second quarter. Roger? 
Roger Millay: Well, thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. I'd like to start by saying that I'm thrilled to participate on the first earnings call for Willis Towers Watson with John, Dominic and John Greene. I think we're going to do something special here. As a long-time CFO and finance professional, the vision of helping clients find opportunity and create value through enhanced management of risk and people really resonates, and I'm looking forward to what we're going to do for our clients in the marketplace. 
 Turning to results, we're very pleased with the financials delivered by Towers Watson for the quarter. Reported revenues were $950 million, a decrease of 1%. This includes $42 million of unfavorable currency movements. Revenues increased by 3% on both a constant-currency and organic basis. Our organic growth rate adjusts for changes in foreign currency exchange rates, acquisitions and divestitures. Our adjusted EBITDA margin continued to be strong at 21.6%. Net income attributable to common stockholders for the second quarter of fiscal 2016 was $11 million, a decrease from $110 million for the prior-year's second quarter. The current quarter results include approximately $81 million of transaction and integration costs. 
 Adjusted net income attributable to common stockholders for the quarter of fiscal 2016 was $120 million, a decrease from $122 million for the prior-year's second quarter. The normalized tax rate for the quarter was 30%, which excludes the tax costs of repatriating overseas cash used to fund the Towers Watson shareholders' special dividend. 
 Stepping back from the final 2 quarters for Towers Watson, on a fiscal year-to-date basis, we achieved 5% constant-currency revenue growth, a stabilized adjusted EBITDA margin of around 21% and adjusted net income of $223 million versus $215 million. We're very pleased with our results and business momentum. 
 Now let's look at the performance as well as our revenue and margin expectations of each of Towers Watson's segments. As a reminder, our segment margins are before consideration of discretionary compensation and other unallocated corporate costs, such as amortization of intangibles resulting from merger and acquisition accounting costs. On an overall constant-currency basis, revenues in Benefits were flat, Exchange Solutions increased 41%, Risk and Financial Services decreased 1% and Talent and Rewards was flat. All of the revenue results discussed in the segment detail and guidance will reference constant-currency, unless specifically stated otherwise. 
 Now let's look at each segment in more depth. For the quarter, the Benefits segment had revenues of $467 million. Retirement revenues decreased by 3%, Health and Group benefits revenues grew by 15% and Technology and Administration Solutions was up 2%. 
 There are more than 15 pension administration projects which will go live throughout fiscal year '16. Revenue for these projects is recognized as the systems are delivered to the client. We expect Benefits' 2016 revenue growth will be in the 2% to 3% range, as it was in 2015. We anticipate the Benefits segment margin to be in the mid-30% range for calendar 2016. 
 For the quarter, Risk and Financial Services had revenues of $145 million, a decline of 1%. Risk Consulting and Software revenues decreased 2% and Investment revenue decreased by 1%. The Risk and Financial Services segment is expected to have low to mid-single-digit revenue growth for calendar '16. Risk and Financial Services had a 25% NOI margin. The margin decreased as compared to fiscal year '15, primarily due to the revenue decline. We expect the RFS segment margin to be in the mid-20% range for 2016. 
 Next, let's move on to Talent and Rewards, which had revenues of $175 million, flat on a constant-currency basis and up by 2% on an organic basis as compared to the prior-year quarter, which experienced 11% revenue growth. Executive                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Compensation revenues were up 7% as compared to 6% revenue growth in the second quarter of fiscal '15. Executive Compensation has had good momentum over the last several years due to the focus on executive pay around the globe. Data, Surveys and Technology revenues decreased by 6%, driven by the disposition of our HR service delivery business, and declined 1% on an organic basis as compared to a strong comparable of 10% revenue growth in the second quarter of fiscal '15. 
 As mentioned last quarter, compensation surveys were delivered ahead of schedule as compared to last year, so it's best to compare the first half of fiscal years 2016 and 2015. For the first half of the fiscal year, constant-currency revenue growth for DST was 5% and organic revenue growth was 9%. Rewards, Talent and Communication revenues increased 2% compared to 14% growth in the prior-year's second quarter. We continue to see a positive environment for the Talent and Rewards segment. We expect mid-single-digit revenue growth for the calendar year 2016. Talent and Rewards had a 37% NOI margin for the quarter. We expect that Talent and Reward segment margin to be in the mid- to high-20% range for calendar year '16. As a reminder, margins are seasonally higher in the July to December quarters. 
 For the quarter, the Exchange Solutions segment had revenues of $132 million, an increase of 41%. On an organic basis, the Exchange Solutions segment grew by 33%. Our Retiree and Access Exchanges revenue increased 24% due to an increase in membership base. The other exchange solutions businesses increased 64%, and 45% on an organic basis. Components of this line of business include health and welfare administration, active exchanges and Consumer Directed Accounts. Drivers included new clients in health and welfare administration and active exchanges as well as annual enrollment and ACA reporting requirements in health and welfare administration. Our Consumer Directed Accounts practice also contributed approximately $8 million in revenue this quarter. We met our goal for a strong enrollment season in exchanges. We expected to add approximately 220,000 retirees this season and ended up exceeding that, with more than 240,000 retirees added on a net basis. On the active side, we met our target of adding approximately 100,000 eligible employees. Stepping back from all the health care benefits activity, whether it's consulting, movement into exchanges or administration, the environment is very constructive to growth. 
 General economic uncertainty, organizations facing cost pressures, regulatory changes and optimizing benefit delivery for employers and employees all support strong momentum for our health care benefits-related businesses. We remain confident in the long-term growth in each of the lines of business in this segment and expect revenue growth in the low to mid-20% range for calendar year '16. Exchange Solutions had a 15% NOI margin as compared to 13% in last year's second quarter. The other line of business led this segment with a 21% NOI margin. 
 For 2016, we expect the Exchange Solutions segment margin to be in the mid-teens. 
 In summary, we maintain our overall Towers Watson expectation of mid-single-digit constant-currency revenue growth in 2016, which indicates good continuing momentum from a very strong fiscal year '15, with an EBITDA margin of around 21%. 
 Before we leave segment results, I wanted to note that we'll continue to report the legacy segments for the quarter ending March 31, 2016. We plan to report the new Willis Towers Watson segment structure for the quarter ending June 30. Prior to releasing the June 30, 2016, results, we'll file historical pro formas of the Willis Towers Watson segment structures. 
 Now let me turn to capital allocation. First, as an overall framework, we'll continue to emphasize a capital allocation approach, focused on flexibility, to balance value-creating acquisitions with meaningful and consistent return of cash to shareholders, all in the context of maintaining an investment-grade-rated balance sheet. We set an annualized dividend rate of $1.92 a share, which equates to a payout roughly equal to the prior aggregate of the 2 legacy companies. We feel that the resulting yield of about 1.7% and payout ratio of about 25% positions the company appropriately. 
 We have some financing -- refinancing to do this year of the legacy Willis maturities and arrangements that were restructured for the mergers. We expect to begin, in the near term, to go to market for $1.5 billion to $2 billion of debt, to push out our maturity profile and free up some additional capital flexibility. As our financial policy and investment approach is further defined, we expect further clarification of our approach in the April board meeting. We're planning to have an Analyst Day in September, which will provide more in-depth guidance and business strategy. However, in the meantime, we'll continue to provide results on the merger-related revenue, costs and tax synergies on a quarterly basis. We'll also continue to report the impacts of the Operational Improvement Program and other significant matters that arise in relation to the integration efforts and our business momentum. 
 Now let's review our overall guidance for fiscal year 2016. Due to purchase accounting rules, deferred revenues were not transferred to the merged company. This impacts the exchange, software and administration businesses by approximately $75 million in total. We'll also be incurring transaction-related costs such as legal costs, banker's costs, integration costs, tax costs and other merger- and integration-related items. These costs will be -- will continue to be material as we work through the integration period. Both deferred revenues and transaction- and integration-related costs will be adjusted from our GAAP measures. 
 In fiscal '16, we expect constant-currency revenue growth in the low double digits, with the primary drivers being the Miller and Gras Savoye acquisitions. We expect organic revenue growth to be in the mid-single digits. Adjusted operating income margin is anticipated to be around 19.5%, an increase from 19.1% in calendar 2015. The tax rate is expected to be in the mid-20% range. We originally expected to achieve this level by the end of 2017. We were able to generate more potential tax benefit than expected in the merger structuring. However, it is still too early to say how quickly the full impact will flow through to the accounting results. We expect fiscal '16 adjusted EPS to be in the range of $7.70 to $7.95 based on average currency rates of $1.45 to the pound and $1.12 to the euro. The dollar has strengthened against many currencies since the S-4 projections were compiled in May. Due to the currency headwinds, we anticipate approximately $0.15 of negative impact to adjusted EPS on a year-over-year basis, which is incorporated in the guidance. 
 And finishing up, I wanted to acknowledge that there's a lot of complexity here for investors. But I want to reiterate that we're very pleased with the way the 2 legacy companies have come together, and we think we're off to a quick start to delivering enhanced value for clients, colleagues and shareholders. 
 Now I'll turn it back to John. 
John Haley: Thanks very much, Roger. And now, we'll take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: First, congratulations on the merger closing as well as best wishes for John Greene. My first question is on your guidance. If you look back in November, you had 8-K that you laid out your forecast for individual 2 business. What has changed since then in terms of your outlook for the 2 individual business? And what's incorporated in your forecast, specifically on buybacks and tax benefits as well as the cost synergies? 
Roger Millay: Okay. Well, thank you, Kai. This is Roger Millay. So first, as you step back from the S-4 projections, which were done in the April to May time frame of last year, really, on the aggregate basis, the biggest difference relates to foreign currency. And you can actually see it if you go back to the Towers Watson earnings call in, I don't know, it was the 8th or so of May last year. The pound guidance at that point was $1.57 and the euro guidance was $1.20. If you adjust for that to our guidance now, overall, for the legacy companies, we'd lose about $0.25. So you could add $0.25 to the range and equate back to the legacy company guidance. In terms, more broadly, of the items that we would add to that guidance from the S-4 projections, the synergy estimates, I think we're largely on track with what we articulated through the whole merger discussion period, with revenues coming in more strongly as the years build, with some reasonable spread of cost synergies over the time period. And then on the tax side, again, as I said in my remarks, we had been articulating during that merger discussion period that we didn't think we could get, from an accounting point of view, to that mid-20% range for the tax rate until the end of 2017. And again, as I said, the merger structuring came out favorably. That's what we're guiding for fiscal and calendar '16. And so we feel good about our momentum on the tax side. 
Kai Pan: And on the buyback? 
Roger Millay: Yes, on balance sheet, thank you for the reminder. On the balance sheet side and buybacks, we had our first board meeting just a couple of weeks ago now, or maybe it was even last week, and we feel good about where we are from a business-momentum point of view. As I said, we do have to emphasize the refinancing. That will free up some capacity. We have 2 companies that generate strong free cash flow, and we're committed to generating strong cash flow, return to shareholders, as we look, again, to balance investments and M&A. We'll continue to talk with that -- about that with the board in April. And at that time, I would expect that we'll have more specific financial metrics that we'll be targeting. But at the moment in this first couple of months, first quarter, we will be focused on the refinancing activity. 
Kai Pan: So the -- just to clarify, the buybacks are not in your assumption -- in your guidance? 
Roger Millay: Yes, we did not guide to any share dilution -- share decrease, sorry. 
Kai Pan: Okay. Then on the -- just on the buyback, you said in -- during the merger, like the process, that you're starting buyback 6 months post-closing, as well as you can raise that up to the same leverage as Willis -- legacy Willis levels. I just wonder, are you still committed to those? 
Roger Millay: Yes, I mean there's no change in our outlook from what we communicated during the whole process. Again, we do need, as a new company, with our board, to come to a financial policy that's more specific than that, than that line that was in that press release. And we anticipate doing that in the April time frame. So again, we expect to generate strong free cash flow and to have a strong emphasis on return of cash to shareholders over time. 
John Haley: Yes, Roger, maybe I could just add that if you think about what was in that release, we said -- we made 2 points. One was that share repurchases wouldn't start really until the latter half of 2016, and I think we're saying, yes, that's still correct. And the other is that, as you said, we were going to be out there, we were targeting the investment-grade rating, and we were probably going to be using cash to buy back shares as much as we could. Consistent with that, we do want to be able to do any attractive acquisitions, but frankly, in the first year or 1.5 years of this merger, any kind of significant acquisition would have to be really exceptional for us to pursue that. We're going to be focused on bringing the 3 organizations together that we already have, so that will probably free up more cash for share buyback. 
Operator: The next question is from Mark Marcon of R. W. Baird. 
Mark Marcon: Congratulations on the completion. I have 2 series of questions. One is, it sounds like there is a lot of enthusiasm with regards to the integration at the early stages. Wondering if you can talk a little bit about retention trends within Willis and what you're seeing there in terms of internal producers. And then, secondly, I was wondering, on the earnings guidance, when we think about the cash flows, can you talk about some of the meaningful considerations that we should think about with regards to the cash flows relative to the adjusted EPS in terms of pension contributions, any sort of restructuring costs, CapEx, et cetera? Just that -- so that we think about what's the cash flow going to look like for 2016 as well. 
Dominic Casserley: Okay. It's Dominic here. Let me address the first part of that 2-part question about enthusiasm, retention within Willis. As I said, I echoed what John Haley said about the level of enthusiasm within the organization overall. And within sort of legacy Willis, I can tell you, it is extremely high. We had no retention issues. Actually, I was being briefed only yesterday that we're almost seeing the opposite. We're starting to see a number of people from other organizations who have been involved in the sort of the brokerage world, starting towards -- turning up at our doors and very, very intrigued and excited about what this new platform can do and be a platform for their careers. So at this point, we're feeling very comfortable. 
Mark Marcon: Great. 
Roger Millay: Mark, in terms of free cash flow and, certainly, as you point out, there are a lot of things moving there. We don't have a formal forecast for free cash flow at this point, but I think you actually alluded to a number of the factors to be considered. So as we've looked at that and stepped back, one, I think it's fair to say, if you look over the last couple of years, that you have 2 legacy companies that demonstrated the capability to deliver somewhere in the range of $400 million to $500 million of free cash flow. Certainly, there are going to be integration costs. We do know that we have the costs related to the Operational Improvement Program that will still flow through. So we're dealing with those elements of planning. We'll expect, as we move into the next quarter's call, that we'll have more specific forecasts. But that's really how we're thinking about the free cash generation capability of the company right now. 
Mark Marcon: Just as a follow-up, it does sound like the pension contribution's probably going to be less in '16 relative to '15 on the Willis side. And I would imagine CapEx on the whole is probably not going to shift too much, is that correct? 
Roger Millay: Yes, maybe I'll make some overall comments, and then John Greene can reiterate the Willis pension contributions. We don't expect on the Towers Watson side any meaningful change, one way or the other, on pension contributions. If you look at the momentum from CapEx and -- there are no big new programs coming in. And potentially, when you get into these periods and a lot of changes in the company, you tend not to see a big change because people are focused on integration. So I don't anticipate anything in those elements. John Greene, if you could comment on the Willis side? 
John Greene: Yes, I would be happy to. So in terms of pension contributions, we can expect on the Willis side a reduction between $20 million and $30 million. In terms of CapEx, for the year, came in at about $140 million for the Willis legacy business. And frankly, that's about $10 million to $15 million higher than it had been historically. So there might be some opportunity on the CapEx side, depending on what level of appetite the management team has for investment. 
Operator: And the next question is from Dan Farrell of Piper Jaffray. 
Daniel Farrell: A question on the brokerage organic margins. You showed expansion there in the quarter, but given what looked like a pretty strong organic growth number, and also quite a bit of expense savings coming through, it didn't seem like as much may have fallen to the bottom line, or it seemed like a lot got put back into the business for investments. Can you talk a little bit about that? And then, can you talk a little bit about how you think about your operating leverage next year, given that the incremental increase in expenses looks like it slows in '16 and then ramps up again into '17? 
John Greene: Okay. I'll take a shot at that question related to Gras Savoye, and others are welcome to join in and make a comment. So in terms of the margin performance there, we can expect a lower level of overall margin for Gras Savoye versus the organic margin. And largely, that has to do with some opportunities, both on the expense side as well as further penetrating large clients. So when you adjust for the difference in French GAAP to U.S. GAAP, you get to a margin of about 16%, and that compares to Willis at around the 20% range. So there would be some overall dilution to the margins, but if you go back in terms of the rationale for the deal and how we paid for it, it had to do with the EBITDA that the business was throwing off. There's also going to be some increased amortization, which, obviously, that's not going to impact the cash flows, but certainly will impact the overall margin rates. 
Daniel Farrell: Okay. And then just a clarification, if I could, on the deferred revenues, and I apologize if I didn't understand this in your comments. In the guidance table, you labeled that as nonrecurring, but that's coming from all of the businesses that would be generating some revenue there going forward. So how do you think about that versus what you'll do in 2017? And then is there any expense associated with that? Because it looks like it's coming through at 100% margin. 
Roger Millay: Yes. So I'll apologize on behalf of us accountants for this complexity, but it's all accounting. This is Roger Millay. So we -- in our businesses that are really administration service-oriented, we spread revenue -- we collect the cash up front and spread the revenue over a time period. And that's impacted Exchange Solutions and the administration revenues, particularly. So the way that comes in is we put up the cash that comes in on the balance sheet and amortize it into revenue over the service period and the contract period. When you do purchase accounting, that's an asset that is assigned a 0 value, so you write it off even though, in the flow of those contracts with clients, that is revenue that was earned. And as you go forward in that business, it's indicative of the trend of revenue. So as we looked at it from an adjusted earnings point of view -- and I'd also add, there's no cost associated with it. Again, this is just an accounting matter. So in order to give the clearest view of what the momentum of the go-forward combined business is, we felt it appropriate and actually necessary for investors to really know what the momentum of the company is to add that deferred revenue -- effectively that amortization back into the P&L. It's something that will go away after the first year, and it'll actually diminish in impact as the quarters go by this year. And again, it's just an accounting adjustment. I know that's something a little different that we deal with on the Towers Watson side, so certainly, we'll answer all questions about it. But it's something that shouldn't be a concern. 
Operator: And the next caller is Greg Peters of Raymond James. 
Charles Peters: I guess, I recognize your organic projections contemplate current market conditions, but I was wondering if you could just briefly speak to exposure to things like the energy complex, slowing growth in Asia and the European banks in light of the recent stock market action. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, it's Dominic here. I'll start with that, just on the legacy Willis businesses. Obviously, the projections and all the work we've done for 2016 takes into account current market conditions as we see them. So obviously, as we look out into 2016, we're fully aware of what's going on in the energy space and, as we thought about projections for our energy business, was doing so in the context of current market conditions and energy pricing. And undoubtedly, we are expecting a bit of a slowdown there. Asia, our businesses have been reasonably robust in Asia. We have seen a bit of a slowdown in China in the last quarter, and that was reflected in our results we just went through. So they were -- the robust numbers you saw in International were despite a slowdown in China. And obviously, we've taken that into account and thinking through what we see, even though our Chinese business continues to have great momentum and we're very confident about it. So I think my general answer to your question is that we're fully aware of market conditions, and the guidance we're giving on how those businesses will perform reflects our present understanding, which is as good as anyone's and yours, of market conditions as they now stand. 
John Greene: And then, Dominic, just one more comment on China. It's about 1% of the combined group's revenue. So the falloff there, it's not like it would have a large impact in the Willis Towers Watson overall results. 
Charles Peters: Right. And what about your view on European banks and what's going on there? And does that -- I know there's 2 sides of the house now, the benefits side and the risk services side. I'm just curious if there's any take on opportunities and/or perspectives on what's going on there. 
Dominic Casserley: I'll talk a little bit about the risk. It's Dominic, again. The risk services side, we have a very robust financial institutions practice, which is made up of both the very specific financial lines we have, both in North America and out of GB, and also our overall service to financial services companies. And frankly, the volatility we're seeing in the banking environment is creating more opportunities for discussions around how we can help them manage their exposures in political risk and other items, where we're active in helping financial solutions. So we're very excited about our Financial Institutions group as an advisory- and solutions-providing group. And I think, actually, the environment is a very robust one for them. You have to be innovative to help out clients, but it's a robust environment. If you want to talk about the benefits side of that, I don't know, probably John or Roger might want to comment on that. 
John Haley: Yes. Thanks, Dominic. So I think I would just say -- and it is along the lines of what Dominic just said. Actually, for a consulting firm thinking about the benefits and talent and rewards there. There's 2 things: one is, generally, when our clients do well, we do better too. So good economic conditions are good for us, and the banks are having some volatility right now. On the other hand, when there's a lot of change, that's also a good opportunity for consultants. And the fact is the volatility banks are experiencing are providing some opportunities for us to talk about how we could help them manage through that. So overall, there's -- I don't think there's a concern from us in terms of that being a big negative impact, but it may actually provide some slight upside. 
Charles Peters: Just one last question for the group, or for you John. I know you mentioned in your prepared remarks this 25% EBITDA target by the end of 2018, and I'm just wondering what kind of capital structure you have in mind with that target, that EBITDA target, in terms of debt, et cetera. 
John Haley: Yes. So I'll let Roger maybe talk about what we would expect for that capital structure, but let me just make one point about that. I think, increasingly as we go forward, we're going to have -- one of the big areas we're going to be focusing on is our margins. And so one of the things you'll find us talking increasingly about is how are we making progress towards that 25% margin in 2018, because we see that as one of the significant deliverables. Roger, do you want to talk about the capital structure? 
Roger Millay: Yes, sure. Thanks, John. Yes, Greg, I don't have, really, anything to add other than what I said before and -- that we're -- we'll be targeting an investment-grade balance sheet as we work through our plans for refinancing here over the next couple of months and lead up to the April board meeting. We expect to have more specific discussion about financial policy and how we might characterize that from an overall financial metrics point of view, but that's a discussion that's yet to come with the board. 
Operator: And the next question is from Adam Klauber of William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: I think you mentioned one of the key areas of potential synergies is clearly in the benefit, exchange consulting, and you mentioned a couple key markets. You have the middle market in the U.S., the large group market, and then potential for international. On a magnitude and, I guess, timing basis, could you guys -- I guess, a perspective of which ones you think would be, I guess, larger and more potentially immediate in not just this year, but '17? 
John Haley: So I think when you look at the numbers we put out there for the revenue synergies 3 years out, the biggest range, and also potentially the biggest number, belonged to the health care exchanges, the mid-market health care exchanges. Now it was a very wide range, $100 million to $400 million. And the reason for that was just some uncertainty about how fast that market will develop and the particular trajectory it will take. So we still -- that's the one that offers the largest potential upside there, and it's -- we still feel very good. In fact, I think, probably feel even better than ever about the fact that Willis Towers Watson will be able to offer such an attractive product in the mid-market space in the U.S. We think that's vitally important, and we think the merger has really enhanced our ability to compete there considerably. The one that we'll probably see the fastest ramp up, but it's not as large a potential synergy, we're talking in the $75 million to $100 million range 3 years out, but that's the global benefits business. And part of the reason that, that will ramp up faster is we had developed some products to go-to-market at Towers Watson. We can immediately link that up with the Willis and Gras Savoye distribution systems, and so we start immediately pulling claims in. I mean, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we already had 2 big wins in January from that. So I think, in terms of speed to get to the revenue synergies, I would put that as the most attractive one. In terms of the largest overall potential, though it's clearly the mid-market exchanges. 
Adam Klauber: Okay, great. And then just one follow-up. On Willis Great Britain, obviously, a very strong quarter, and I know you've been working on that for a while. Was there any onetimers or nonrecurring that pushed it up during the quarter? And I guess, for this year, what are the 2 things you think will drive strength in that segment? 
Dominic Casserley: So I'll give a general answer about strength and then give you specifics on the quarter. We've been -- you've heard us talk about Willis GB for a number of quarters now, and this has been a long-term program. As you know, it is the great historic strength of Willis. It's one -- where one of the -- our most advanced capabilities sit. And we've been through a process of modernizing the business to really bring out its underlying great strengths and franchises. And that has been coming to fruition. Nicolas Aubert joined us the beginning of 2015 and continued that path and accelerated it, I think, very strongly with a very strong team around him. And what you are seeing is the fruits of all that work: fruits of the underlying franchises, which remain very, very strong, and the fruits of the discipline and focus that the team and Nicolas -- the leadership team have brought to it. And that's why I think we're so optimistic about the outlook for 2016, because we have real momentum, both momentum on the top line and momentum on the bottom line. For the quarter, though, there were some good wins in the quarter. That business is subject -- it is a business which has some big transactions in it which can move in and out. And for instance, we had some satellites. We have a leading player in the satellite business, and we had some satellite actually go off and go into orbit, I'm glad to say, in the end of the year, and that was good news for the business, right? So but that's just an example. We have a fantastic franchise and a great team in that business. 
Operator: And the next question is from Shlomo Rosenbaum of Stifel. 
Adam Parrington: This is Adam in for Shlomo. Could you discuss operational incentives that are being implemented to drive the exchange sales growth for the Willis brokerage [indiscernible]? 
John Haley: I'm sorry, that was breaking up. Could you repeat that? 
Adam Parrington: Sure. Can you discuss the operational incentives that are being implemented to drive exchange sales growth for the Willis brokerage system? 
John Haley: Yes. So look, I think we have, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks about the sessions we've had in Buffalo, and of course, Buffalo is where the liaison part of our operation was headquartered, the training sessions where we've brought together all the folks there to go out to the market. So we think we've offered them some enhanced capabilities and enhanced training to go out and talk to clients about that. The -- we have also -- we're in the process of putting in some enhanced compensation programs to encourage people to sell exchanges, and those are the main things that we're focusing on at the moment. 
Adam Parrington: Okay, got it. And could you walk us through the key milestones to look for in 2016 in terms of the Willis Operational Improvement Program? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, it's Dominic here, again. You're going to see a continuation of the whole momentum you have seen in 2015 and 2014. We've -- as you know, we raised our target for what we could achieve to a $325 million run rate. We feel very comfortable about that number. We are well on track. And as we said before, in 2016, the program should go cash positive. That is the savings that it's delivering to the bottom line will exceed the cash cost of the restructuring charges that we will have to take in 2016. So you will see -- on all the fronts, you're going to see continued growth of the number of people we have, and the ratio we have in legacy Willis, if you like, our people in offshore centers versus in onshore. We were going to be restructuring a number of processes to make that possible to move roles offshore. We're continuing to densify our real estate, and that process will continue. And we'll be opening up, by the way, some new offshore centers for non-English-language back and middle office activities. So we have opened in Sofia [ph] to handle some of the European languages. We've opened a center -- another center in China to handle Mandarin. So you will see just a continuation of the continued discipline and progress we've announced. And we stand by all the projections we've laid out. 
Operator: And the last question will come from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. 
Joshua Shanker: I just wanted to follow up on that operational improvement question. So if I'm looking at 40 basis points of margin expansion this year, how much of that is being contributed by the Operational Improvement Program? How much of that is the Gras Savoye drag and how much of that is coming from the business broadly improving? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, it's Dominic here. This is for -- I'm going to hand it over to -- are you talking about 2015 or 2016? 
Joshua Shanker: 2016, where you're saying you're going from a 19.1% to a 19.5%. I assume there's a big improvement coming from the OIP that there must be -- and obviously you talked about the Gras Savoye drag. I'm trying to figure out the moving parts of that. I would think that the margin expansion should be bigger if you overlay the Operational Improvement Program onto the whole company, or maybe I'm thinking about that incorrectly? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, I'll -- it's Dominic here. I'll start with a generic answer so that Roger can have a little time to think through the component parts. Look, you've got -- all I can tell you from the legacy Willis piece is that we would expect continued margin expansion as a result of the -- the net result of revenue growth, continued investment in the front line, right, because that's when we do the Operational Improvement Program and free up some costs. Some of it is being reinvested but it's being reinvested in the front office. So we've got a nice mix between front, middle and back. And then the reductions in the -- from the Operational Improvement Program, which we forecast would produce, net, an improvement in the margin of all those activities. So that must be contributing part of the 19.1% to 19.5%, but I'll hand it over to Roger to elaborate a bit on that. 
Roger Millay: Yes. I mean, I think, Dominic, you really hit the nail on the head. There are multiple influences flowing through. The Towers Watson margin is staying pretty stable in our outlook. And you've got the flow-through. I think John Greene mentioned earlier that the EBITDA margin for Gras Savoye is coming in at around the 16% level, which is some several 100 basis points lower than the rest of the Willis organization. And then you do have some investment or reinvestment of savings, and offsetting all that is the savings from the Operational Improvement Program. So I think those are the key influences. 
Operator: I'd like to turn the call back over for closing remarks. 
John Haley: Okay. Look, thanks very much, everyone, for joining us this morning, and we look forward to talking to you on the Willis Towers Watson earnings call in May.  Have a good day. 
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-10-28 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. Now I'll turn the meeting over to your host, Mr. Matt Rohrmann, Head of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin. 
Matthew Rohrmann: Thank you, Nicole. Thank you, and welcome to our Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call, which is being hosted by Dominic Casserley, Chief Executive Officer of Willis Group Holdings. A webcast replay of the call, along with a slide presentation to which we'll be referring, can be accessed through our website. If you have any questions after the call, my direct line is 1 (212) 915-8180.
 Please note that we may make certain statements relating to future results, which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated. These statements reflect our opinions only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update them in light of new information or future events. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, and subsequent filings as well as our earnings press release for more detailed discussions of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website. 
 Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release and slides associated with this call. 
 I'd now like to turn things over to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Thanks, Matt, and welcome, everyone, and thank you for joining us today to talk about our performance in the third quarter. With me today are John Greene, our Chief Financial Officer; Nicolas Aubert, CEO of Willis GB; Todd Jones, CEO of Willis North America; and Tim Wright, CEO of Willis International. 
 Let's turn to our results. In short, we executed well and delivered strong performance in a challenging economic and insurance environment. I will start by looking at some of our key financial metrics. Earnings per share increased 56% on an underlying basis, driven by strong revenue growth of over 10% from our organic business and our acquisitions, combined with strict cost management.
 If we look at the business just on an organic basis, then commission and fee growth was 3.3%, in line with our expectations of mid-single-digit organic growth for the year. We were able to increase the spread between organic commissions and fees growth and organic operating expense growth to 230 basis points above our 200 basis point target. This drove expansion of our operating margins on both an underlying and organic basis. I am particularly pleased with our consistency on this front as this marks the fourth consecutive quarter of margin expansion.
 These strong results are attributable to the continued execution of our 3-pillared strategy to create value, which I will review briefly now. The first pillar is driving organic growth via our diversified portfolio of risk advisory, brokerage and human capital and benefits businesses. We delivered on that, as demonstrated by the solid organic revenue growth from our portfolio that I mentioned previously. John and I will provide more detail on the drivers of the business lines and of our overall financial results later in the call. 
 The second pillar of our growth strategy is execution of our strategic M&A program. We target firms that are complementary to our existing businesses and then work with our new partners to drive enhanced performance. Our underlying commissions and fees grew 10.5% in the quarter. I noted the 3.3% organic C&F growth earlier, and the additional 7 percentage points attributable to M&A is evidence of good progress in this area. 
 Now the quarter marked our first full period with Miller Insurance Services as part of Willis, and the relationship is going very well. We solidified Miller's partnership with one of its largest clients earlier in the quarter by agreeing to sell a 16.9% stake to BB&T to align our interest. This is a strategic transaction that was part of the anticipated plan since discussions with Miller first started, even though negotiation and execution were delayed due to some additional regulatory requirements. 
 We also announced the acquisitions of several targeted purchases to enhance our current product and service offering, PMI Health Group in the U.K., Elite Risk Services in Taiwan and CKA in Australia. Looking ahead, we have 2 of our most important, most transformative deals ahead of us. Our acquisition of Gras Savoye remains on track. In parallel, we continue to work towards our proposed merger with Towers Watson, a transaction that we strongly believe will accelerate growth for both businesses and generate substantial value for all shareholders. 
 Our third pillar is the transformation of our service delivery and our financial performance through our Operational Improvement Program. As with the past 3 quarters, the impact of the Operational Improvement Program is evident in our financial performance. The program continues to exceed our expectations, generating $33 million in cost savings in the quarter, bringing the year-to-date total to $63 million. These gains are a big driver of the increased spread between organic commissions and fees and expenses. With another quarter of progress under our belts, we have even greater comfort in our ability to meet the increased targets for our overall cost savings and organic spread this year that we announced with second quarter earnings. 
 So bottom line, we made significant progress across all 3 pillars of our strategy again in the third quarter, resulting in mid-single-digit organic revenue growth, over 10% underlying revenue growth, improved profitability and positive operating cash flow, overall, a strong performance. 
 With that overview, I'll now walk through the quarter in a bit more detail, beginning with Willis International. International saw underlying revenue growth of 29.4%, another very strong performance that reflects the contributions of Max Matthiessen and the IFG pension and benefits business. Organically, International grew 8.6%, bringing its organic growth to a solid 7% year-to-date. With the exception of CEEMEA, where we saw declines in Russia, the segment generated growth in all regions in the quarter with double-digit growth in Latin America and mid-single-digit growth in Western Europe. We also saw modest growth in Asia as overall strength in the region was partially offset by a year-over-year decline in China. 
 Now as you know, we've been expecting to see some softening in Russia due to economic conditions there, so that comes as no surprise. In China, we saw some deferred projects due to economic uncertainty in the quarter, offsetting strong growth in the first half of the year. And we retain our optimism around the long-term growth prospects for this market. Overall, it is a testament to the strength of our portfolio that we were able to produce 8.6% organic growth in the quarter despite softening in 2 of our largest economies, and we expect International to finish the year on a strong note. 
 Turning to Willis North America. We saw underlying revenue decline of 3.8% as a result of steps we've taken to exit several noncore businesses in our markets. On an organic basis, the business was flat. However, it should be pointed out that in this quarter, always the smallest for North America, we experienced timing differences versus the prior year in some business lines, with certain sales shifting into the fourth quarter. This was most notable in the health care industry group. Adjusting for the timing of these sales, Willis North America would have reported modestly high quarterly organic C&F growth.
 Now let's turn to Willis Capital, Wholesale and Reinsurance, which includes Willis Re, Willis Capital Markets & Advisory, our Wholesale business, including Miller and Willis Portfolio and Underwriting Services, which encompasses our programs business. CW&R achieved underlying growth of 32.6%, driven by a full quarter's contribution of Miller Insurance Services as well as SurePoint Re. As impressively, organic commission and fees increased 8.8%. We saw revenue growth across most of the portfolio with solid growth in Reinsurance and our Capital Markets & Advisory and Wholesale businesses. The Willis Re performance is notable, given the continuing challenges of the reinsurance markets. Willis Capital Markets & Advisory had another strong quarter of performance driven by capital raising and advisory mandates completed during the quarter. 
 Moving beyond the organic performance in CW&R, let me make one comment about our largest acquisition in this segment, Miller Insurance Services. Miller, as expected, is performing very well. While our overall expectations for contributions from Miller remain unchanged, the business generates most of its earnings in the first half of the year, and this seasonality impacted profitability in the quarter. 
 Let's now turn to Willis GB, which is made up of our Great Britain-based Specialty and Retail businesses. Organic commissions and fees declined 70 basis points as solid growth in P&C and strong growth in financial lines were more than offset by declines in Transportation and Retail. I mentioned last quarter that the segment is executing an operational turnaround. The team held expenses relatively flat in the quarter and has reduced expenses 3.4% year-to-date. Year-on-year, Willis GB profits are up. We remain positive on the prospects for this business. So overall, a solid performance that again demonstrates the strength of our business and the effectiveness of our execution in a challenging global economic environment. 
 Now let me turn the call over to John, who will walk you through the numbers in more detail. John? 
John Greene: Thank you, Dominic. Good morning to those on the call. I'll be working off the third quarter slide deck, which is available on our website. 
 On Slide 3, you can see our EPS walk. As Dominic said, Willis grew underlying earnings by 56% over the same quarter last year. This was driven by underlying revenue growth of 10.7% and continued successful execution of our cost management initiatives. On a reported basis, our results reflect adjusting items that, in total, added $0.50 per share. The largest factor in this was the release of a valuation allowance on deferred tax assets of $0.60 per share. As a result of the valuation allowance, we reported a tax credit of about $110 million. 
 In all, adjusting items in the quarter included 2 positive items: $0.60 from the deferred tax valuation allowance and $0.07 related to the gain on the disposal of a noncore business; and 3 negative items, $0.09 for restructuring charges associated with our Operational Improvement Program, $0.07 from M&A transaction-related cost and $0.01 related to the devaluation of the Venezuelan bolivar. 
 I should also point out that, as expected, headwinds from foreign exchange began to ease in the second half of the year. When we spoke to you on our second quarter call, we said foreign exchange headwinds would reverse to a degree in the third quarter. As you know, in the first half of the year, foreign exchange was a headwind of $0.13 per share to our bottom line. In the third quarter, the combination of translational and reval FX resulted in a benefit of about $0.04 per share. Based on current rates, we now expect FX to negatively impact the full year by $0.11 to $0.15, so a little higher than our previous outlook. As we expected though, the bulk of this impact was felt in the first half of the year. 
 In all, I'm pleased to report that the third quarter continued the solid trends we've seen throughout the year. Positive performance, both organically and from our M&A strategy, coupled with our cost management initiatives, combined, these factors drove margin gains and generated a $0.05 improvement in underlying EPS. 
 Let's turn to Slide 4. As a reminder, as always, the difference between reported and underlying revenue in each segment is the foreign currency movement, and the difference between underlying and organic is the net impact from acquisitions and disposals. At a group level, underlying commissions and fees grew by 10.5%, driven by Willis International and CWR.
 Dominic has described the drivers of performance in each segment, so I'll just add a little depth. Quarter-over-quarter, foreign currency movements negatively impacted our revenue by about $47 million, reducing the group's underlying commission and fees by 640 basis points. Internationals results reflect the contribution of our acquisitions, primarily Max Matthiessen and IFG, which together added approximately $30 million in revenue in the quarter. Within Capital, Wholesale and Reinsurance, our underlying growth reflected the first full quarter of contribution from Miller Insurance Services. Miller added $33 million in revenue in the period. Organic growth in the quarter was driven by our M&A Advisory business. In Willis North America, Dominic mentioned the revenue timing we saw in third markets. Beyond this, our construction book returned to more typical growth levels and was up 10% in the quarter. 
 Let's turn to Slide 5. The middle of the chart shows organic expense growth, which is a modest 1%. This was another quarter in which we were able to control organic expenses while generating [indiscernible]. Underlying operating expenses were 10.3% to $780 million, driven by salary and other expenses related to our acquisitions. This increase, once again, below our growth in underlying commissions and fees, created 20 basis points of positive underlying spreads. We continue to be very pleased with our performance on cost management and its significant impact on profitability. 
 Let's walk through salary and benefit expense on Slide 6. Here, too, we again successfully controlled costs in the quarter. On the top part of this chart, you can see we had another strong quarter of performance. Underlying salary and benefits increased 7% to $569 million with all of the increase resulting from the net impact of M&A activity. On an organic basis, salary and benefits were flat at $525 million, driven by our FTE management initiatives.
 Let's go a bit deeper into the FTE discussion on the bottom of the chart. As you can see, organic headcount rose by 2.5% from the same period last year. All of this growth came from our expansion in lower-cost offshore or near-shore locations. In fact, onshore organic FTEs declined by 500 year-over-year and were down 200 from year-end 2014. This is consistent with our strategy of relocating FTEs to lower cost regions. As I've mentioned before, the peril of [indiscernible] associated with the Operational Improvement Program will mean temporary FTE growth in some [indiscernible] as we maintain our service costs [ph], but the need for this overlap will decline over time, and we will see a related reduction in costs. 
 Turning to Slide 7, which focuses on organic metrics, by the way, my favorite slide. As you can see from the chart, the combination of our solid organic revenue growth and our focus on cost savings are combining to draw -- drive strong organic performance. We are very pleased with the consistent improvement in the organic spread between revenue and expense growth. The graph on the left shows that the current spread between organic commissions and fee growth and expense growth has reached a new high of 230 basis points. The impact of this can be seen in the graph on the right. Organic EBITDA has grown $20 million or more than 23% over the same period last year. This marks the fourth consecutive quarter of expansion in organic spreads, a fact we're very proud of. This is strong evidence that our revenue growth and cost savings initiatives are bearing fruit. 
 Finally, on Slide 8. I just want to remind you of our commitment to the Operational Improvement Program. You can see here that we continue to make progress against the program's key objectives. It's achieving everything we hoped it would. We are well on track to achieve or exceed our recently increased cost savings target of $80 million. Progress on the Operational Improvement Program continued in this quarter. Our efforts included the establishment of 3 low-cost service centers in China, Bulgaria and Central Florida. So let me finish by saying that with another quarter of delivery under our belts, we're in a strong position to achieve our stated goals for the full year and deliver the growth and profitability we targeted. 
 And now let me hand it back to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Thanks, John. Before we open the call up to your questions, let me leave you with a few thoughts. 
 This was another strong quarter, with results driven by execution on our 3-part value-creation strategy. Our organic performance continues to be solid, and we are confident in meeting our outlook for mid-single-digit revenue growth and at least 200 basis points of positive spread for the 2015 full year period. 
 Our carefully targeted acquisitions made a significant contribution to our underlying growth. We expect that the positive impact of our acquisitions on our growth will continue in the fourth quarter and into 2016. 
 The impact of the Operational Improvement Program continues to be very positive. We are making excellent progress towards our goals and have now seen 4 consecutive quarters of margin growth in the process. We also continue to expect that the program will turn cash positive, with cost benefits exceeding restructuring charges in 2016. 
 In short, our performance has been a result of the hard work and execution of our team and staff, driving progress across all 3 pillars of our strategy. This has put us in a position to succeed and create a significant momentum that we will carry into our proposed merger with Towers Watson.
 Let me spend a moment on the transaction as our shareholders are asked to vote on it on November 18. We are as convinced as ever that this proposed merger will bring together highly complementary businesses and efficiently connect each to new customers, geographies and markets. The result is expected to be an acceleration in the ability of both companies to achieve their goals, driving revenue, cash flow and EBITDA growth superior to what either could achieve on its own. Both companies have the skills and experience to make this combination a success and generate significant value for shareholders. We are deep into integration planning and look forward to creating value for our shareholders, colleagues and clients. 
 With that, I will turn it back to the operator, and we can take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Cliff Gallant of Nomura. 
Clifford Gallant: I was hoping you could talk a little bit more about the North America revenue organic numbers being flat. And I know you did address them and said that you'd see -- that on a normalized basis, you would've seen a little bit of growth due to timing issues. But I was wondering in terms of the outlook, particularly given the pricing cycle, what you think is a reasonable organic growth rate over the next, say, 18 months. 
Dominic Casserley: So I would say, overall, that we remain very, very confident about our North American franchise overall, and of course, it's an important part of what was the proposed merger with Towers Watson. But let me turn over to Todd to talk about the specifics of the situation. 
Todd Jones: Yes. Thanks, Cliff. I think, as noted, we tried to be pretty specific about some of the impact in the quarter specific around the timing issue. We still remain -- despite the fact, as you noted, that it's a tough market and we've got some pricing headwinds that we see increasing during the course of the year, but still remain really bullish in our ability to grow. Organically, all the key drivers that we look at in terms of our production force, our pipeline and what's going on in terms of new business conversion, along with client retention, suggests the business is operating well. We feel like we can always do better, of course, but we feel like we're set up to finish the year strongly and go into 2016 the same. 
Clifford Gallant: Okay. Actually, I had one other question that was unrelated. But during the quarter, you also announced a small transaction with BB&T regarding to selling part of the Miller, and I was just little curious about that after you had just closed on acquiring it. And could you tell us a little bit about what was happening there? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, sure. It's Dominic again. As I hope we tried to make clear, the negotiations with BB&T were running in parallel with our negotiations with Miller from day 1. And so it was always part of the plan, from very early in these discussions, that Miller would be -- BB&T would be part of this story. It just took longer to close that part of the transaction because of more complicated regulatory issues that had to be gone through by all the parties involved to make that. So you shouldn't see this as a situation where we invested in Miller and then a few months later, we sold part of the investment. In fact, we had always planned for the situation you now see. It just took longer to execute the BB&T part of that. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: So first question is on your margin. It looks like the underlying operating margin expanded 30 basis points year-over-year while the organic, actually, margin expanded 240. So I think the delta probably is some drag from the acquisitions. I just want to see if you can specifically address 3 items there. One is, what's the underlying margin of the acquired business? And secondly, what's the impact of the amortization and how long will it last? And the third is, any seasonality on acquired business that's different from your core book? 
Dominic Casserley: So I'm going to hand over to John in a second, but you highlighted the key issues actually quite well. The underlying margin is -- as we think, is attractive. Obviously, amortization increased, and you -- we actually laid out how much it went up, of course, in one of the slides earlier. And so that obviously had an impact. And definitely, the seasonality of Miller has quite a big impact here. As we said, the vast majority of its profits are made in the first half of the year, so it does impact the numbers. But John, do you want to add anything on top of that? 
John Greene: Dominic, you summarized the key issues there. Let me just add a couple of points here. So we previously gave some guidance that the acquisitions would deliver somewhere between $55 million and $65 million of EBITDA for the year. On an annualized basis, we're on track to hit that. Now as folks on the call probably know, Miller timing was a bit delayed. We were waiting for approval from the FCA to commence the transaction. And as a result, a certain amount of earnings actually that we anticipated when we gave that guidance actually ended up residing in Miller books pre-transaction. So again, on the annualized basis, we're on track to hit the guidance we provided for the year. Due to the timing, we're going to be off of that somewhere between $5 million and $10 million. And Kai Pan, the other question regarding amortization of the intangibles, in the quarter, it was a $15 million increase from the M&A activity. The lion's share of that was from Miller. And a typical life on this stuff is 7 years, and each successive year, it declines. So essentially, it's a double-declining balanced methodology. So hopefully, that gives you the information you were looking for. 
Kai Pan: That's great. Just follow up on the underlying margin. Are these acquired books similar to your core book? Or is there sort of room for improvement there as well? 
John Greene: Yes. So whenever we've done one of these deals, we try to pay a reasonable price for the EBITDA that the business will generate. And then separately from the valuation that we use, we typically build in some anticipated cost synergies, which would drive margin north. Honestly, the deals we did, excluding Miller, slightly lower margin rates initially, which we think will build over time. And by the way, the price we pay reflected those lower margin rates. So again, we're really comfortable with this pillar, this strategy, and we're happy that each of the acquisitions we've done are performing to the pro formas that we modeled when we decided to commence the transaction. 
Kai Pan: Great. My last question is on the Operational Improvement Program. It looks like the spending for the quarter is slightly less than like the run rate and seems like you have a big catch-up to achieve, that $140 million spending for the -- in the -- for the full year. On the savings side, actually, coming ahead of -- if you look at the run rate and only leave you about $70 million for the first quarter. Is that -- can you talk about -- little bit about the timing of your spend and the savings? 
John Greene: So you did your homework. So the spending is actually forecasted to be $140 million. We see that coming in perhaps lower in the total year outlook. The range of that is somewhere between $2 million and, call it, $8 million depending on timing of some exits. And the savings rate is actually -- it's been a positive story throughout the program. So we're optimistic that we're going to deliver the $80 million on the savings and perhaps a bit more. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jay Cohen of Bank of America. 
Jay Cohen: Just a -- I guess, really a quick follow-up on the last question. Can you actually quantify the drag from Miller in the third quarter? 
John Greene: Yes, I try to -- that's getting quite specific, Jay. But why don't I go back to the information that I provided on the last question. So the total year guidance was $55 million to $65 million. I think we're going to come a little bit short on that, maybe $10 million short in the calendar year. But on annualized basis, we'll be at the numbers that we talked about. 
Jay Cohen: I was just thinking from an EPS standpoint, what the drag from Miller was, if you have that. If you don't, that's okay. 
John Greene: Yes. $0.01 is the ballpark. 
Jay Cohen: Okay. And I assume the fourth quarter will feel somewhat of a drag as well, given that you have those expenses, but the revenues tend to be first half-weighted. 
John Greene: Yes. Yes, that's a fair point. 
Jay Cohen: Okay. And I'd say just in general, when there is this kind of seasonality with an acquisition, maybe you did talk about it and I missed it, but that's really helpful, that kind of detail before you announce earnings is really helpful. And thanks for the details here. I appreciate it. 
John Greene: Yes. And Jay, the driver, that was actually the timing. It closed just over a month later than we thought it would. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields of KBW. 
Meyer Shields: So one basic question to begin. There was $9 million of other income. Is that the source of the $0.07 of excluded gains on disposals? 
John Greene: Yes. Yes, Meyer. There was $14 million of gains on disposals that we stripped out of organic and underlying. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. So the underlying -- so let me say, without that, there would've been a $5 million loss in other income. 
John Greene: Yes, and that would've been primarily FX reval. So there's nothing else flowing through there. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful. Second, I guess the press release noted some timing issues, both in North America and Great Britain, and Dominic touched a little bit on the North American side, and I was wondering whether there's any more detail or color we can get on maybe how much revenue was pushed to the fourth quarter in both these segments. 
Dominic Casserley: So there's a little bit of timing in GB. I'm going to turn to Nicolas just to give a little detail on timing issues in GB. 
Nicolas Aubert: Yes. So thanks, Dominic. Last year, we had slightly more business in aerospace. And in space, in fact, in this quarter, this has been delayed in our planning for this -- for Q4 of this year. So that's a seasonalization impact. Across-the-board, we've got good growth in P&C and in franchise and slightly some shrinkage in marine cargo, notably, and in the retail network business. So that's the significant changes versus prior in terms of top line. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. Was there any timing impact on the expenses in the segments? 
Dominic Casserley: Timing on the expenses impact? No, not really, no. 
Meyer Shields: Okay, perfect. 
Nicolas Aubert: There was -- so just a minor comment maybe here. There were some releases last year that, of course, did not impact this year. And we had also a slight difference in the accruing of the AIP, so the bonuses last year versus this year. That's one -- the only changes. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ryan Tunis of Crdit Suisse. 
Ryan Tunis: My question, I guess, is on some of the pension expenses here that's been a tailwind. And I think John called it out on the last quarter. And I think it's helping -- it's been a tailwind for expenses by about $60 million this year. I just wanted to make sure I'm thinking about that the right way, that as we head into '16, that'll be in the base. And I wanted to know if there's anything on top of the $60 million in the next year that could impact the way we think about the expense comparison. 
John Greene: Okay. So thanks for the question. So I'm just going to backtrack for the folks that are on this call. So there's 2 elements of the pension credit. So one has to do with the asset performance of the business, which typically is hard to predict. And we saw about $15 million to $20 million of benefit from that. And then the other aspect of the pension benefit related to the freezing of the pension that we did earlier in the year, which drove the balance of the credit coming through the P&L. So both will be in the base year-over-year when we look forward to next year. The one point that we're mindful of, and you folks that are trying to build out projections should be mindful of, is the underlying asset performance of the pension assets that could create some variability in the numbers. So we're -- it's certainly a nice benefit for this year, but it was certainly a lot of hard work on the part of the management team to get us to the position where we were able to freeze it and execute a benefit, not only through the P&L, but on the overall pension deficit, which came down substantially as a result of this. 
Ryan Tunis: That's helpful. I think my follow-up is probably for Dom, and it's on -- just thinking about, I guess, natural expense growth without thinking about the cost saves. You talked about mid-single-digit organic growth. But looking into 2016, I guess free cost saves, what type of expense growth do you think you'll probably have to obtain those type of organic revenue objectives? 
Dominic Casserley: Okay. I presume by Dom, you meant Dominic, but I will -- we'll bear with you on that one. So the way we think about this is the following. We see the Operational Improvement Program as enabling us to continue to invest in the front office and in revenue-generating activities. So yes, it is obviously improving our economic performance. You've seen the results. You see the margin spread we're getting year-on-year. But it also is enabling us to invest in the business. And so the revenue -- organic revenue growth we're getting today and the organic revenue growth we're getting going forward is enabled by the continued efficiencies we're generating. I mean, for instance, we don't generate over 8% organic revenue growth in International without obviously adding people. You would expect us to be doing that. These are growth markets for us. On average, we think that with the sort of organic growth we're looking at, we need sort of cost growth of about 3% across the portfolio. And then obviously, what we're seeing is the Operational Improvement Program as it plays through is meaning the net growth number is much below that. So that's broadly what we're looking at. 
Operator: The next question comes from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. 
Joshua Shanker: Yes. I want to follow up on Cliff's question a little bit. I'm interested in this secondary part of the Miller transaction. When you bought Miller, you moved certain assets of Willis Wholesale into Miller. In the business that was transferred -- or the share of the business that was transferred to BB&T, did they acquire that Willis business as well? 
Dominic Casserley: So we actually transferred some activities from Willis to Miller and some activities from Miller to Willis. BB&T is a pari passu investor in the net Miller business, alongside Willis, on the same terms and conditions. 
Joshua Shanker: So will they benefit from business that was formerly Willis business being written under the Miller name today? 
Dominic Casserley: Sure. Just like they're not benefiting from bits of the Miller business which have been moved into Willis, right? They are pari passu investors in Miller alongside us, yes. 
Joshua Shanker: And why did it make sense? Why -- I know you left 10% or so with the original Miller personnel as incentive comp. Why does it make sense to share the Miller pie with minority investors? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, they're not just minority investors. BB&T, as you know, is one of the top 6 insurance brokers in the world, have major flows into London, and so that is an attractive part of the arrangement, obviously, if you think that through going forward as well as, of course, being an interesting player in the North American market. So all in all, we're very, very excited about the net economic impact for Willis of BB&T coming into the Miller arrangement. 
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Newsome of Sandler O'Neill. 
Paul Newsome: One housekeeping thing. I'm just curious, when Willis decides to exit a business, but it's not selling that business, just shutting it down, does that get included in your definition of organic growth? 
Dominic Casserley: I'm trying to think if there are any examples of that. 
John Greene: So let me go back. So if business -- if Willis decides to shut down a business rather than sell it, is that inorganic? Is that the question? 
Paul Newsome: Yes. 
John Greene: Then the answer is absolutely yes. 
Paul Newsome: Okay. And then I just want to -- sort of a broad question, outside of the -- obviously, the Towers deal, you're still buying some and presumably looking to buy businesses. I'd love your take on just kind of what's happening from an M&A perspective in the insurance brokerage business. And my sense is things are getting more expensive, and I wanted to know if that was true. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. So we obviously -- and I think because of our emerging track record in the acquisition space and the things we have done and the happiness, I think, of the new teams who have joined us, we get to see lots of opportunities these days. And we are -- all I can tell you is we are extremely disciplined in thinking through the net present value of any move we might take. The -- it is true that certain assets are being priced up, particularly those where the private equity industry is also a potential buyer. So you've obviously seen some of the things going on and going around the North American regional brokerage market, where you often do see very, very high prices being paid. We look at those somewhat askance, frankly, sometimes, at the prices we can't make the economics work. So what we've been doing, as I -- as we said many times, is look at complementary businesses, critically businesses where the people involved want to be part of the Willis family. They're making a positive choice for Willis, not a positive choice to sell, but a positive choice to Willis. And by the way now, some of them are starting to say, "We're making a positive choice for Willis-Towers Watson," even though that is not complete yet. And then we look very, very hard at the economics. And we've got to pass all those tests and all the integration and implementation charges before we will get close to moving forward. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith of UBS. 
Brian Meredith: A couple of quick questions for you here. The first one, following on Ryan's question on kind of underlying expense growth, John, I just noticed in the quarter, if you adjust for the savings in the quarter from the Operational Improvement, it looked like organic expenses, G&A expenses were up north of 5%. Was there anything unusual in the quarter when it -- had it anything to do with the pension? 
John Greene: Brian, no, there actually wasn't anything unusual. So I will say, it's a bit challenging just -- challenging just to take the Operational Improvement Program numbers right off the expense base and then calculate a growth rate. Now as Dominic mentioned about, say, the investments we're making in International and those high-growth markets, there's a certain level of reinvestment related to any of those markets where we see opportunity to grow. So the Operational Improvement Program, as we said initially, the majority of those savings will fall to the bottom of the line -- bottom line. And we are -- we're continuing to monitoring that, and we're actually well within that in terms of what's dropping. So there wasn't anything unusual whatsoever, other than a certain level of inflation and some reinvestments, selective reinvestment in the business. 
Brian Meredith: Great. And then second question, just a quick numbers question. Any way we can get what the revenues were from Willis Capital Markets & Advisory in the quarter, just for modeling purpose. I know that's kind of lumpy. 
John Greene: We don't break that out separately, so I'm not going to comment on that on the call. But I will say that it's -- it was up over 100% versus the prior year. 
Brian Meredith: Okay, great. And then the last question was I noticed an 8-K that came out, I guess, a day ago that talked about amendments to the long-term incentive program if the Towers Watson deal closes. I guess, maybe can you talk a little bit about why the changes there? 
Dominic Casserley: It's really around the metrics that we are able to use on that program. Obviously, it's the -- it's very simple, basically. Our compensation committee looked at the challenge of our LTIP in the first tranche under the merged company, where it's not possible, really, to use the metrics we have before revenue and profit growth because the businesses aren't combined yet. So the compensation committee had to look at what -- with a lot of outside advice, what was the right thing to do. And so just for this tranche, literally just this tranche, we're changing them to performance relative to the S&P 500 with triggers [ph] relative performance to the S&P 500, because that was perceived to be the best measure we could use for this one tranche of LTIP. It's not a proposal that, that should be the long-term approach. It's just for the specific tranche this time. 
Brian Meredith: Got you. And that was the tranche that would end a couple of years from now. It's not the one that would necessarily end by this year. 
Dominic Casserley: It's the -- it's looking at the performance of the business '15, '16 and '17. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Elyse Greenspan of Wells Fargo. 
Elyse Greenspan: I just had a few questions. The first one, in terms of EBITDA that you guys mentioned from acquisitions for the year coming in a bit light of the $55 million to $65 million, just so we can accurately compare when we get to the end of the year, where are we sitting on a year-to-date basis relative to that metric? 
John Greene: On a year-to-date basis, yes, we are 60%. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. So 60% of the $55 million to $65 million. 
John Greene: Yes, with $5 million, call it, $5 million of timing that pushed into the following year. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay, great. And then in terms of the Towers Watson merger, a few questions. First off, what regulatory approvals are you guys still waiting on and -- waiting on for that transaction? 
Dominic Casserley: We're waiting -- we're going through -- as you can imagine, the big markets in which we operate, we need to get regulatory approval from. We're going through that process. We're just waiting for a few of them to come through, and we're never quite sure of the timing. And we're obviously, very, very cognizant of the needs of our regulators. But it's the usual big markets you'd expect us to be looking at. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then also in terms of that merger, I know that the combined company has laid out a bunch of revenue synergies that you've pointed to. I'm just curious of conversations -- a big piece of that was upside that you guys pointed to on the private health care exchange front, bringing Willis clients over to Liazon platform. Have conversations begun with your clients in advance of this merger? Or is this something that you expect conversations to begin post close at the start of next year? 
Dominic Casserley: So as you probably know, Willis has the Willis Advantage health care exchange offering, and it is the Liazon product, just white labeled as the Willis Advantage. And so we've been -- had that as part of our set of offerings we provide to clients, but it has been very much Willis providing a third-party product. The big change we're obviously going to have in -- once the proposed merger is approved and closed is that we will now be operating with an in-house product. We will be, obviously, much closer to the product development teams. We'll be able to think through some of the incentive issues to really make the -- this product hum through our distribution force. But we already know the Liazon product. That's the point. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And how many -- at the end of this year, how many of your clients do you expect to be on the Liazon product? 
Dominic Casserley: So we've given, on and off, updates on that thing, on that process. There's a very long pipeline of discussions taking place. As I described, I think, on previous calls, actually, for a company to move onto a platform like this is a big decision. We did it ourselves. Willis is on the Willis Advantage, and it was a major, major decision. We have a very long platform. The numbers we will have by the year end will be in the teens, teens or low 20s. Maybe in the 20s. Todd, I'm looking at you, and you're nodding enthusiastically. So those sorts of numbers, but the pipeline is long. 
Elyse Greenspan: Okay. And then one last question. In terms of the organic revenue growth, was there anything that impacted -- seasonally impacted the Reinsurance growth? Any onetimers in there that might have positively impacted that number in the quarter? 
Dominic Casserley: So overall -- I'm going to hand over to John for a second, but overall, the Reinsurance -- remember, the Reinsurance business is a business which is much, much more concentrated by client -- by number of clients than any of our other businesses. The top 50, 70 clients dominate the revenues of that business, as you would expect. So the timing of one or 2 clients can obviously affect the numbers in any particular quarter. John, do you want to highlight any? 
John Greene: I was just going to add that on the second quarter call, we did point out that we had some headwinds in Reinsurance from timing. And there was one customer, significant customer that pushed from second quarter into the third quarter, which did help the organic results. But nonetheless, a positive performance from the Reinsurance team with and without that particular timing issue. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Dan Farrell of Piper Jaffray. 
Daniel Farrell: I was wondering if you could give us any color on the current trends of results at Gras Savoye. 
Dominic Casserley: So I'm going to turn to Tim Wright in a second. Overall, we remain very excited about the Gras Savoye situation. We're expecting to close that transaction in and around the year end. And of course, it will -- a material impact [indiscernible] of our company, the client base and the spread of our geographic reach. We also are happy with the way the business is performing, and let me hand over to Tim to give a bit more color on that. 
Timothy Wright: Yes, thanks. Thanks for the question, Dan. As Dominic said, Gras Savoye is doing very well. I'd probably describe that in 2 parts. First of all, their business on a standalone basis. As you know, they went through a turnaround, an operation improvement program, a number of years ago. And that helped with their cost base, and they've been focused very much on growing on that solid foundation ever since. We see continued strong organic growth in the business, not dissimilar to the sorts of levels of growth that we're seeing in the comparable businesses at Willis. So that's very promising for the future and vindicates our decision to accelerate the acquisition. The second part is that we're obviously working with Gras Savoye on integration planning, where that's possible at this stage before closing and identifying areas where we can create incremental value over and above that from bringing capabilities and relationships from each organization. That's progressing very well also. So we are pleased with the progress on Gras Savoye on those 2 fronts. 
Daniel Farrell: And then just a quick question on the U.K. business. How much of the challenge on organic growth do you think is related to pricing of some of your Specialty lines there? I know you have a lot of read [ph] in aviation. And then how much is stuff that's within your control? I know you've been putting through some strategic initiatives there as well to try and improve it. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. So obviously, pricing in the Reinsurance and then spreading into Specialty lines is a well-publicized story. Let me hand over to Nicolas just to give a bit more color on that. 
Nicolas Aubert: Yes. Thanks, Dominic. Thanks for the question. Pricing pressure continues, but quite interesting. And because going off you referred to aerospace and aviation, despite the continuous pressure on aviation, our teams are quite successful. In fact, we are seeing some low-digit growth in addition. When we talk about the reduction in consultation, in fact, that's essentially coming from marine. So despite the reduction of the pricing, we see some interesting prospects in terms of growth. And actually, we are seeing an acceleration of our new business growth. If you look at our new business in 2015, it's been increasing by 8% versus 4% in prior. So interesting to see that, of course. Yes, rate reduction continues, but for us, the growth is going to be coming from new business generation. 
Operator: At this point, there are no questions in queue. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, great. Let me thank you, everybody, for your questions. 
 In closing, let me just reiterate the following. We are proud of the solid progress we made again this quarter. Despite a challenging environment, we delivered on all parts of our strategy. We are on track to meet the expectations we set for the year. When we talk next, we expect it to be as Willis Towers Watson as we begin the next part of the journey to creating substantial shareholder value. 
 Thanks again for joining us today. 
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Todays conference is being recorded. If you should have any objection, you may disconnect at this time.
 It is now my pleasure to introduce your first speaker for today, Mr. Peter Poillon, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may begin. 
Peter Poillon: Thank you. Welcome to our second quarter 2015 earnings conference call, which is being hosted by Dominic Casserley, Chief Executive Officer of Willis Group Holdings. A webcast replay of the call, along with the slide presentation to which we will be referring, can be accessed through our website. If you have any questions after the call, my direct line is +1 (212) 915-8084.
 Please note that we may make certain statements relating to future results, which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated.
 These statements reflect our opinions only as of todays date, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update them in light of new information or future events. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, and subsequent filings as well as our earnings press release for a more detailed discussion of risk factors that may affect our results. Copies may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website.
 Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release and slides associated with this call.
 I'll now turn the call over to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Welcome, and thank you for joining our quarterly conference call. With me today are John Greene, our Chief Financial Officer; Nicolas Aubert, CEO of Willis GB; Todd Jones, CEO of Willis North America; and Tim Wright, CEO, Willis International.
 I am pleased with our quarterly results. We reported earnings growth up 46% and underlying earnings growth up 21%. We don't report an organic earnings metric, but on an organic basis, we realized a very solid result with 200 basis points of positive spread, and we achieved all of that in a quarter where, as we expected, we had more modest organic revenue growth than we expect for the rest of the year. This is a quarter where we really see the 3 pillars of our strategy in action. So as I've been doing over the past 2 quarters, I would like to open with a review of the key components of our value creation strategy.
 First, we aim to drive organic profit and cash flow growth through our diversified portfolio of risk advisory, brokerage and human capital and benefits businesses. While the first pillar of our strategy aims to achieve annual mid-single-digit organic revenue growth, we have always been clear that growth will not be spread evenly throughout the year, and in fact, as I said, we anticipated this quarter's more modest organic top line results. I'll talk about the organic results in some detail in a few moments.
 The second pillar of our strategy is focus on M&A activity. We seek to acquire firms that complement our existing business mix and that fit culturally. We then work alongside our acquired businesses to create value through stronger revenue performance and improved cash flow. This strategy is evident in our current quarter results as our underlying commissions and fees grew nicely in the mid-single digits. We continue to execute on this strategy. During the quarter, we closed on the acquisition of an 85% stake in Miller Insurance Services. We also announced the acquisitions of smaller, very specialized businesses such as Evolution Benefits Consulting in the U.S., Carsa Consultores in Mexico and Elite Risk Services in Taiwan.
 Next, of course, you know that we expect to close on acquiring the 70% of Gras Savoye that we don't already own by the end of the year. And we are truly excited about proposed merger with Towers Watson that we announced last month, which we believe will be transformational.
 As we described in a presentation we filed with the SEC on July 13, we expect that revenue, costs and tax synergies will drive incremental value, totaling more than $4.5 billion as a combined entity by 2018. We are confident that each of these transactions will contribute to our underlying growth and meaningfully improve shareholder value.
 Our third strategic pillar is the transformation of client service and our financial performance through our Operational Improvement Program. Our improvement in this area is the most evident in our financial results. As I mentioned earlier, we achieved a very healthy 200 basis points of positive spread between organic commissions and fees growth and organic expense growth for the quarter. This performance, combined with the positive spread we achieved in the first quarter, gives us confidence we will achieve an even better organic spread in the full year 2015 than the 130 basis points we originally targeted. So we have increased our annual spread target for the year to 200 basis points.
 We promised you a detailed update on the Operational Improvement Program this quarter, and John will take you through this shortly. But let me steal some of his thunder by saying we are on or ahead of schedule on all of the important metric targets that we set at the beginning of the program back in April of last year. Our progress has been strong enough that we are now confident to raise our targets for savings in 2015 and most importantly, for the annualized savings that this program will drive from 2018.
 Continued execution of the 3 pillars of our strategy, organic growth, inorganic growth and operational improvement with cost control will drive improved EBITDA, cash flow and, ultimately, shareholder value.
 Let me now turn to the quarter in more detail, starting with the discussion about Willis International. Our International operations achieved underlying commissions and fees growth in excess of 25%, another outstanding result that includes the significant impact on the segment's revenue derived from the acquisitions of Max Matthiessen, Charles Monat and the IFG pension and benefits businesses over the past 12 months. On an organic basis, International had another very strong quarter, growing 7.1%, led by Latin America and China. And once again, we saw a good performance in the developed market of Western Europe, especially in Germany and Sweden. Eastern Europe, led by Russia, grew low double digits. We expect International to continue to drive strong revenue growth for the group in 2015.
 Let's now take a look at Willis North America. The North American segment achieved organic growth of 2.5%. We saw a mid-single-digit growth from our largest practice, human capital, which is encouraging. However, while surety revenues grew solidly in the quarter, our construction industry revenues declined modestly. This was not a surprising result as we saw strong construction growth in the prior year quarter with 2 very large onetime projects that we called out on our earnings call a year ago. Rate headwinds in North America increased a bit during the quarter as weakening rates in property more than offset the slightly improved to flattening rates noted in casualty. 
 Now onto Willis Capital Wholesale and Reinsurance. This segment includes Willis Re, Willis Capital Markets & Advisory, our wholesale business, including Miller, and Willis Portfolio and Underwriting Services, which encompasses our programs business. On an underlying basis, CW&R revenues were up 3.6%, benefiting from revenues generated by recent acquisitions, including 1 month of Miller Insurance Services and a full quarter of SurePoint Re. However, the segment's organic commission fees were down 2.3%. Now our reinsurance business is by far the biggest business within CW&R. On an organic basis, reinsurance commission fees declined low single digits in the quarter. Very strong growth in Specialty Re and modest growth in International Re were more than offset by a decline in North American Re. This result in North American Re was not unexpected. You may recall that last quarter, we highlighted there was about $8 million of positive timing in our first quarter CW&R results that would negatively impact our second quarter results. That was all North American Re business. Adjusting or normalizing for that $8 million of revenue timing, the reinsurance business would have reported mid-single-digit organic growth relative to the prior year quarter. Obviously, this has no impact on full year growth for the segment, but it did have a meaningful impact on the quarter's results.
 Willis Capital Markets & Advisory delivered its second consecutive quarter of strong performance, driven by capital raising and advisory mandates completed during the quarter.
 And finally, I'd like to discuss Willis GB, which comprises our Great Britain-based specialty and retail businesses. Willis GB's organic commissions and fees decreased 2.3% in the quarter. The segment's performance reflects mid-single-digit declines in retail and P&C lines, partially offset by good growth in financial lines. Willis GB, as you know, by now is in the midst of an operational turnaround. Nicolas Aubert and the team are focusing their improvement efforts on developing deep client relationships in the large corporate space while continuing to improve services to midsized corporates. The Willis GB segment had done a terrific job of managing its expenses during the turnaround process, actually reducing its expenses by mid-single digits and driving improved margins even as its revenues have been challenged. We are optimistic for the outlook for Willis GB.
 So overall, for the group, we saw good performance in the quarter in which we fully anticipated some revenue headwinds. To compensate, we successfully managed underlying and organic performance through strong execution of our operational improvement and cost management initiatives. And as you likely saw in last night's release, I reiterated our top line mid-single-digit organic growth expectations for the full year. As we look forward, we expect that the timing of our pipeline of project-related revenues and strong retention of ongoing revenues will drive solid top line growth in our full year results. So we expect stronger top line performance over the final 6 months of the year, while we also remain very focused on costs.
 Now I'm going to ask John to take you through the numbers in a bit more detail. John? 
John Greene: Thank you, Dominic. Good morning to those on the call. I'll be working off the second quarter slide deck, which is available on our website.
 On Slide 3, you see our EPS walk. As Dominic mentioned earlier, Willis grew underlying earnings by 21% in the quarter, driven by underlying revenue growth of 5.3%, coupled with an execution of our cost management initiatives and a lower tax rate. The underlying tax rate in the quarter was about 22%, which compares to about 31% last year, with the decline driven primarily by a methodology change in the second quarter of 2014 related to the way we recognized the U.S. tax charge to be in line with profits earned to date rather than on a straight line basis. We also recorded a small reduction in tax provisions in the current quarter following the successful outcome of tax audits. We believe that a mid-20s tax rate for the full year is appropriate, but it will be dependent on the mix of business over the remainder of the year.
 On the left side, you see last year's adjusting items. A reminder, these items included a revaluation of net assets denominated in Venezuelan bolivars and an increased valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets.
 On the right side, the adjusting items we're calling out this quarter, the largest are $0.15 related to restructuring charges associated with our Operational Improvement Program and $0.06 of M&A transaction costs for Miller Insurance Services, Gras Savoye and Towers Watson. The transaction costs were $14 million in the quarter and are reflected in reported results, not underlying expense because they are unrelated to the ongoing normal operation of our business.
 Before we move on to the next slide, I'd like to comment on foreign exchange. During our call -- during our last call, we indicated that if rates remained where they were as of March 31, FX would pressure our full year EPS between $0.10 and $0.13. This quarter, the combination of translational and revaluation FX resulted in a benefit of about $0.02 to our bottom line. Year-to-date, foreign currency movements have negatively impacted our bottom line by about $0.13. Looking forward, if rates remain roughly where they were at June 30, we expect the $0.10 to $0.13 range to be good estimates.
 By the way, there've been a few questions about the $23 million of other income in the current period. That compared to $3 million of other expense last year. When looking at those amounts on an underlying basis, meaning adjusting out the Venezuelan revaluations and gains on sales of operations in each period, the underlying values were $18 million of income in 2Q '15 and $9 million of income in 2Q '14. Those amounts represent the revaluation FX in the respective periods. So there was a $9 million or $0.03 per share increase in revaluation FX period-over-period. As you know, we rebased our prior year measures for current period FX movements, so the year-over-year growth and underlying EPS is not affected.
 Turning to Slide 4. As a reminder, the difference between reported and underlying revenue for each segment is foreign currency movement. And the difference between underlying and organic is a net impact from acquisitions and disposals. Quarter-over-quarter, foreign currency movements negatively impacted our revenues by about $59 million, reducing the group's underlying commissions and fees down by more than 6.5%.
 Dominic described the drivers for each of the segments earlier, so I'll just add these points. International's robust underlying results reflect the impact of the 2014 acquisitions, which, together, added about $40 million to revenue in the quarter. Similarly, CW&R's results reflect the impact of its recent acquisitions. Together, those acquisitions added about $10 million to revenues in the quarter. Finally, North America's underlying results reflect revenue lost from divestitures of several low-growth, noncore businesses as we've mentioned on prior calls. The divestitures reduced revenue by approximately $15 million versus the prior year quarter.
 Let's turn to our total expenses on Slide 5. What I think really stands out on this slide is in the middle of the page. We reduced our organic expenses by $3 million or about 40 basis points. Let's put that in perspective. Just a year ago, we reported expense growth of over 6% in a negative spread to revenue growth, and you have to go back a long number of years to see negative expense growth in our business. So this is a great result and a success for the share across the company. It reflects the continued execution of the Operational Improvement Program and strong cost management initiatives outside the program across the organization. That performance, paired with our organic C&F growth, resulted in a very solid positive organic spread of 200 basis points. This follows on 170 basis points of positive spread in the first quarter.
 Underlying expenses in the quarter were $765 million, up $37 million or about 5%. As you can see from the slide, $40 million is growth from acquisitions, so again, negative expense growth in this quarter from an organic standpoint.
 Reported expenses were $817 million and include $38 million of restructuring charges related to the Operational Improvement Program, which include termination benefits, parallel run costs and professional fees.
 Slide 6 takes you through salary and benefit expense, the largest component of our expense base. Once again, this is a very solid story. Organic S&B was up just $2 million or 40 basis points to $528 million. As a reminder, a year ago, our S&B grew 6.4%. You can also see that underlying S&B grew $27 million or 5.1% to $560 million. However, $25 million of that growth is associated with our net acquisition.
 Focusing back on the organic growth in the quarter, it reflects a 1.7% increase in organic headcount as well as inflationary pressures in Latin America and other markets impacted by inflation or currency devaluation.
 Our S&B expense in the quarter includes a $15 million decrease from pension expense, driven by actuarial gains from changes in assumptions and the actions we took in the first quarter to freeze pensionable salaries in the U.K. defined benefit plan.
 Looking at the makeup of the organic FTEs in the bottom half of the slide, you can see that we are benefiting from moving resources from higher-cost onshore locations to lower-cost offshore centers. Higher-cost FTEs have declined by 500, while offshore lower-cost FTEs have increased by 800.
 Turning to Slide 7, which focuses on organic metrics. The key takeaway here is that we've made substantial improvements. On the left side, you see the trend in organic spread, that is the pace of revenue growth versus expense growth. We've made significant progress in managing our expense growth to the point where it is now solidly below our revenue growth. This trend began in the fourth quarter last year and has continued into this year. That is a key driver of improved margins and our goal of improving EBITDA and cash flows.
 On the right side, you can see clearly the positive impact on organic EBITDA. Steady revenue growth and positive operating improvements are driving high single-digit EBITDA growth. And as you would expect, these improvements flow through to our operating margins, as shown at the bottom of the slide.
 We promised you an update on the Operational Improvement Program. Slide 8 highlights the updates to the program's financials. We announced the program in April 2014, a multiyear initiative designed to enhance our client service to create operational efficiencies and invest in new capabilities for our growth. We are now roughly 1/3 of the way through the program's time line, and we're pleased to report that it's proceeding better than we anticipated. At our last update, we estimated that we could drive about $16 million of gross savings in 2015. Following completion of the program planning activities and year-to-date delivery, we now expect in-year gross savings of $80 million. 2014 and '15 projects will deliver annualized cost savings of more than $180 million when complete in 2016. So 1/3 of the way through the program, we see 60% of the original estimate of the annualized savings. This is encouraging, to say the least.
 And given the strong progress, as you might expect, we're updating our estimates. Starting again with 2015, we originally forecasted at least $60 million of savings with associated cost of $130 million. As I just mentioned, we now believe we will achieve savings of $80 million with restructuring cost of $140 million. So we expect to deliver about $20 million of additional in-year savings for an additional $10 million of expense. That's the trade-off we're happy to make.
 You'll also see in this slide that the program turns cash positive in 2016 and will generate additional positive cash flows as time progresses. Looking further ahead, we are now targeting cumulative savings of $490 million for the entire program with a total cumulative cost of $440 million. This compares favorably to our target of at least $420 million of savings against $410 million of costs. Once again, a nice way to think about that is we expect to drive an additional $70 million of savings for an additional cost of $30 million.
 And finally, upon completion of the program, we now anticipate reoccurring annualized savings of $325 million, up from our previous target of $300 million.
 Turning to Slide 9. The top table breaks out the $325 million in detail by work stream. As you might expect, about 75% of the savings is related to workforce location and operational excellence, meaning moving support roles to lower-cost centers and role reductions related to operational efficiencies. The remaining savings come from real estate optimization, IT saves and a small amount from procurement.
 In the lower table, you can see our operational metrics are also proceeding well. At the inception of the program, our ratio of FTEs in higher-cost geographies to lower-cost centers was 80:20. Today, it's 75:25. We are also making progress on reducing our real estate footprint as both the ratio of square footage or real estate per FTEs and ratio of desk per FTEs are improving. It is relatively earlier in the program, and there's still a lot of work to be done, but we fully anticipate meeting our new goals.
 So that's an overview of the quarterly results and the Operational Improvement Program. Let me conclude by stating that we believe that we are well positioned to achieve our stated goals for 2015 and deliver profitable growth going forward.
 With that, I'll hand it back over to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Thank you, John. Let me summarize with a few brief comments. These are exciting times for everyone here. We generated strong performance in the second quarter and first half of the year. Faced with an uneven broader market and some anticipated headwinds, we executed against our strategy and effectively managed our costs. Our organic performance continues to be solid, leading us to increase our guidance to 200 basis points of positive spread. Meanwhile, our execution as it relates to both our M&A and our operational improvement continues to be strong. After closing a number of successful transactions in 2014 that are adding to our performance this year, we have embarked upon and are delivering against a still more ambitious strategy in 2015.
 We further strengthened our position as a premier London specialist broker with our acquisition of Miller Insurance, while our pending acquisition of Gras Savoye expands our geographic presence and exposure to our multinational client base. And of course, there is a proposed merger with Towers Watson, a transformational transaction that will create significant opportunities for growth and value creation. In each case, we have identified a transaction with a strategic partner who brings synergies in client service and operations across geographies. I am confident in our ability to succeed in each of these endeavors. We've done all of this while successfully executing on our Operational Improvement Program. As John discussed today, we've made excellent progress towards our goals, and as a result, we've raised our cost saving targets for the program to $325 million, the majority of which will fall to our bottom line earnings. We are unlocking significant value through this effort, and we remain focused on its continued success.
 We've navigated a challenging first half well and are positioned for success both in the near term and in the long term. I am very proud of our teams and their hard work. And I know they will continue to drive execution through to completion.
 Let me now turn to our transformational agreement with Towers Watson. As I have just articulated, we're making great progress on our stand-alone plans. We believe, however, that combining our strengths with those of Towers Watson and adding $4.5 billion of synergies that we see for the new company creates even stronger medium-term performance. And in fast-changing and consolidating health and property casualty industries, we believe the new Willis Towers Watson will be extremely well positioned for the long term.
 Let me now turn it back to the operator, and we can take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question today comes from Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: The first question, on the recent management departures at Willis Re, I just wonder what's the impact on the organic growth as well as benefits on the expense side from those departures. And do we expect more of those turnovers, especially now you have announced the merger with Towers Watson, maybe created some uncertainty at the management layers? 
Dominic Casserley: So let me take that. Obviously, Willis Re is a fantastic business, continues to perform very strongly, had organic growth in the first half of the year and continues to perform strongly. It is flattery actually that we are starting to see in 1 or 2 departures to other firms, reflecting the strengths. I can assure you that we are replacing those people with very high-quality replacements. We've already taken steps to do that. We are very focused on our clients. Our retention rates remain extremely strong, and we're optimistic for the outlook for Willis Re, absolutely. And John Cavanagh and his management team are very focused on driving the business performance. As to the reaction to Towers Watson, the reaction within Willis Re is the same as it has been across the whole Willis, which is that it is seen as a fantastic opportunity for our organization and that the combination has been greeted with great happiness and excitement by our staff, including our staff at Willis Re. 
John Greene: And then if I can just add, Kai, on the expense piece, it's not creating a material change to the expense base whatsoever. A few of the notable departures were on garden leaves, which means we continue to pay salary. And those who weren't, we're going to reinvest and make sure we get the right people in place. So no real change to expense base. 
Kai Pan: That's great. The second question, on your target for this year, the spread of 200 basis points, it looks like the first half, you're already close to 200 basis point spread and the organic revenue growth is going to be stronger in the second half as well as the expense saving you mentioned before will be back-end loaded. So do you think the guidance -- why the guidance is only 200 basis points? 
Dominic Casserley: Because it's the guidance we've given. We're quite confident of that. When we look out as to how our pipelines are generating, we do see improved revenue growth, as I said in my remarks, for the second half of the year, and we're confident of our cost growth. So therefore, for the full year, we target to 200 basis points. If we improve upon that, that would be good news. 
Kai Pan: Great. Lastly, just on the Towers Watson merger, your recent additional slides on the revenue synergy. And could you elaborate more how do you arrive those like 3 buckets in terms of the potential revenue synergy? 
Dominic Casserley: So Kai, I think we'd like to focus this call mostly on our second quarter earnings. And obviously, Peter Poillon is happy to take you through some of the detail of that, or others of us, off-line. But we did outline, I think, quite clearly that we see the exchange business helping to distribute the exchange offering of Towers into the middle market in North America will drive significant increase in our revenues that we see the Towers relationships in the large corporate states in North America helping us to accelerate our already planned investment in the large corporate space and P&C in North America, and we see the opportunities to take some of Towers' capabilities offshore across our larger network. We have 80 owned countries, they're in 37, is an opportunity to raise revenues there. We're happy to delve in more detail, of course, but given the time we have today, let's just leave it at that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ryan Tunis with Crdit Suisse. 
Ryan Tunis: I just had a couple quick ones for John, I think. The first one, I guess, is on the M&A transaction-related cost, $7 million in the first quarter, $14 million in the second. Obviously, you're working on the Gras Savoye deal, on Towers. What's a good quarterly run rate to use there for the remainder of the year and even heading into 2016? 
John Greene: Yes. So those charges that came through in the first half are probably slightly elevated from a run rate standpoint if you exclude Towers. So maybe a mild reduction on those. And then whatever Towers turns out to be would be incremental. 
Ryan Tunis: Okay. And just on the pension stuff that you did last quarter. I might have missed it, but what was the expense reduction from that this quarter? And how much of that is cash versus just actuarial amortization? 
John Greene: Yes. So good question. So year-over-year, the benefit from pension expense is $15 million in the quarter. And we expect the total year credit to be between $60 million and $70 million. Some of -- about half of that is from the change in actuarial assumptions. The other half relates to the freezing. And what the freezing actually did is lowered the actuarial deficit. So what it's done effectively is positioned us well to be able to revise the cash contributions in the future. That's a conversation that's ongoing with our pension trustees. And we'll give an update on the details of that when we've reached an agreement. 
Ryan Tunis: Got it. And then just lastly, I think I heard you say that Russia and Eastern Europe grew low double digits this quarter. What's the outlook there in the back half of the year, given the headwinds? 
Dominic Casserley: So let's have Tim Wright, CEO, Willis International, just to respond to that. Tim? 
Timothy Wright: So I don't need to tell you about some of the issues in Russia that are very public macroeconomic. But in terms of the impact on our business, we have a fantastic business in Russia. We do a lot of project business because the capital markets have been closed to Russia or partially closed. There's been less project business, less one-off earnings. And obviously, with the devaluation of the ruble attached to oil prices, there's pressure on the economy more generally. So we anticipated for the year that we would have quite a considerable slowing in our business in Russia. We've actually found in the first half of the year the business has been less bad than what we expected. And as in Q2, we did have a major project that the team won that helped our earnings and those of Willis GB because that's business that we both do. In terms of the forecast for Eastern Europe, I keep saying it is going to be more pressured in the future, but as the quarters go by, things are less bad than we had originally anticipated. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Farrell with Piper Jaffray. 
Daniel Farrell: Just you saw a solid growth in the -- on the organic margin in the quarter, but underlying margin came in only slightly up about 10 basis points. So M&A is clearly still having some impact there, and we have some further M&A going forward. How do you think about the ability to improve the margin on M&A? And with the other acquisitions coming in 2016, is that still going to be a headwind to overall underlying margins? 
Dominic Casserley: So let me just take that. Just to be clear on our philosophy, we're very focused on cash flow and cash based upon what we spend, right. And some of the businesses we may acquire may actually be lower margin than business we have already in the stable. But that doesn't matter as long as they drive improved cash flow growth relative to what we paid for them. Let me have John now talk a little bit about how he sees margin evolve. 
John Greene: Yes, so thanks, Dominic. We calculated about 20 basis points of positive spread on the revenue growth of about 5.3%. The acquisitions that came in this year are -- they're going to be cash flow positive. We like the EBITDA that they are generating. There is some amortization that we're going to likely move to provide a cash EPS to you on this. So the outlook will, frankly, partly depend on revenue growth and continued execution on our cost management strategies. We feel good about what we bought here over the past 12 months and look to a positive outcome for the remainder of the year. 
Daniel Farrell: Okay. And then just one additional question. Underlying income on an aggregate basis only up about 6%. Is part of that being impacted by the timing in reinsurance of the $8 million? Can you remind us of the margin with that. Was that sort of pure profit in both segments? Or was there a margin associated with that $8 million? 
John Greene: Well, there's always some costs associated with transactions, right, because there's incentive comp plans that pay based on the revenue generated or a view of EBITDA generated. So certainly, there was some amount of cost. And the first bit of your question, could you repeat that in terms of what we're looking for? 
Daniel Farrell: I'm thinking about the delta, the 8% -- I'm sorry, the 6% growth in underlying income. You had about 21% growth in EPS. Obviously, some of the difference is tax rate and FX. But it doesn't seem to be all that I am wondering, if we think about that, if sort of the timing of the revenue as well. 
John Greene: Yes. Certainly, there is definitely the timing in place. So Dominic highlighted the one significant transaction, I think it was about $8 million. And most of that would flow right through down. There'd be some carved out for incentive compensation. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi: Just a couple here. I guess, John, sorry to go back to income piece, but if I pull that $23 million out of my model, just from a mathematical standpoint, that impacts my operating earnings. So I'm just trying to understand, I get the year-over-year comparison, but is that or is that not in the $0.58? 
John Greene: Yes. So it's -- we stripped out the impact of FX. And you'll note that there was the Venezuelan bolivar revaluation in the prior year, which was 14, it was $1 million in the current year. And then there is some additional FX that gets stripped out. So the $0.58 is effectively without the impact of the FX. 
Michael Nannizzi: So -- okay. So if I take that $23 million out, I see that as having about like a $0.09 impact. Is that -- so I guess just to reiterate, is it -- a little bit more than that, is the sort of the $23 million is not or is in the $0.58? 
John Greene: Yes. So we stripped out FX out of the underlying. So maybe what I'll suggest we do is you and Peter and I, if necessary, get together after the call and walk through how we rebased the prior year to take into account the FX, and create a true comparison of underlying performance. 
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. Okay. That's fine, I guess. And then on the Operational Improvement Program, can you talk -- you mentioned it being cash neutral in 2 years. I thought that I remember that there was some proportion of the cash savings that would get reinvested and some proportion that would be cash. Is that right? And can you sort of talk about -- I'm just trying to get an understanding of like what -- when did that break even from a cash standpoint? 
John Greene: Yes. So what we're seeing here, and I referenced the slide, we're seeing in 2016 an estimated spend. So restructuring charges are about $140 million, and we expect savings to be about $150 million. So the savings will be embedded in the results. The spend of $140 million will be consistent with what the spend was in the prior year. So if you look at the savings versus the $140 million restructuring charges, you get positive cash flow. 
Michael Nannizzi: All right. Okay. So the -- but all of the savings are then straight cash? I mean, everything is coming down the cash -- there won't be any reinvestment of those savings so... 
Dominic Casserley: It's Dominic here. Let me explain this, right. From the point of view of the program, the program is going cash positive as of 2016. Totally separately, totally separately, we then decide whether we see incremental revenue growth opportunities over and above our baseline that we would decide to reinvest in. That's a separate decision to the Operational Improvement Program. Do not bundle them together. So the simple point is the Operational Improvement Program goes cash positive in 2016. If we then decide to take some of those savings and reinvest in revenue generating opportunities, that's a different decision. 
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Okay. And then lastly, looks like you raised some debt in the quarter, was that done in anticipation of just liability management, retiring some debt that's coming due? Or was there a purpose to that additional debt raise, if I'm reading that correctly? 
John Greene: Yes. There was a purpose. So we closed Miller on May 31, and we used the revolving line to fund some of the cash expense related to that transaction. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah DeWitt with JPMorgan. 
Sarah DeWitt: On the organic growth, if you back out from the unusual items that you called out like the construction projects a year ago and the timing differences, what was the organic growth ex unusual items in the quarter? 
John Greene: Yes. So it would be about 2.5% to 3%. 
Sarah DeWitt: Okay. And then as we look forward, how much of a tailwind from these future project-related revenues should we be thinking about in the back half of the year? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, we said -- it's Dominic here. We said -- I said that we expect stronger performance in the second half of the year, and we are sustaining our mid-single-digit organic revenue growth forecast for the full year. 
Sarah DeWitt: Okay. But you won't quantify those project-related revenues? 
Dominic Casserley: That's correct. 
Sarah DeWitt: Okay. Great. And then separately, from the Towers Watson merger, now that it's been several weeks, could you just talk about the feedback that you've received internally and externally? And then are you getting any pushback from the Towers Watson shareholders looking for different deal terms or higher dividend given that the merger was priced below the current stock price at the time it was announced? 
Dominic Casserley: Obviously, I can't comment on what the Towers Watson shareholders are saying. I can tell you that our communities, our clients are excited about this, and our mutual clients are excited about it. Our staff are very excited about it. As I said, across the whole range of our businesses are excited about the client service opportunities it creates. And obviously, we've been talking to our investors and getting very positive feedback. So overall, we're very excited about how this is evolving. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Cliff Gallant with Nomura. 
Clifford Gallant: I'm curious about how -- and there's so much change happening internally at the company. And I'm wondering how some of your decision making gets affected when you have something like Towers pending out there. And specifically, I'm wondering about the execution of some of the Operational Improvement Program. Do you have to change some of your decisions as to -- about relocation of people or investing into the company? Or secondly, about M&A, I know part of your ongoing strategy is to buy smaller companies. We saw recently this PMI deal. How does that get affected when you have such a large transformational change? 
Dominic Casserley: So as is normally, in any event like this, each side of a transaction like this lines up in the period between announcement and closing. The expected M&A transactions, they see both sales and divestitures. And as you know, Towers did a divestiture in the last couple of weeks. And so you know in advance the pipeline of potential acquisitions, potential divestitures that each side has, and we have exchanged those, because they are obviously part of understanding what you are actually going to merge with or close with, so you have to reveal that. So we have a pipeline of things. Obviously, I can't reveal it to you that we are engaged in and the other side is aware of and vice-versa. As to the Operational Improvement Program, we've been very, very clear all along, and the recent update and what John just went through is clear that we are going to continue to drive the Operational Improvement Program as a program onto its own with its target now of $325 million of savings. As we bring the 2 companies together, the one area of overlap, we think, will exist between the programs, if you like, the $125 million we announced as synergies with Towers. And this program may be in procurement because, obviously, we will have some common contracts, et cetera. So that may create actually more opportunities as we look at it. But as you know, procurement is the smallest part of the $325 million, as laid out in the slide that John went through. But let's be clear, we are going to continue to drive the Operational Improvement Program as a discrete program against its targets. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS Securities. 
Brian Meredith: A couple of quick questions here for you. First one, John, Dominic, can you talk where the additional expense savings are kind of be coming from? And is any of that coming from the recent acquisitions? Did you make -- kind of revalue them and seeing if they can fit it in the improvement program? 
John Greene: Yes. So Brian, most of the savings are actually FTE related as a result of relocating work from higher-cost locations to offshore locations, and that's really the driver. There's some role reductions as we simplify processes as well. So that's really where we see most of the additional savings coming from, not only this year but as the program progresses. Related to the acquisitions, we buy complementary businesses, and there is mild synergies there but very limited. And there's nothing planned for Gras Savoye in terms of synergies in early 2016 largely because they went through their own -- effectively their own Operational Improvement Program in '14 and the beginning part of '15. So we feel pretty comfortable about the progress they've made there. 
Brian Meredith: Yes, but what about Miller or what about the one you did in the fourth quarter? Is there any opportunity to take staff and put support roles in lower-cost locations? 
John Greene: So Miller, the front end is very important that, that remains independent. We're looking at back-office support and seeing what we can do there. There is, as I said, mild synergies included when we evaluated the deal, but very mild. And the other acquisitions, we're going to evaluate them, but I wouldn't expect a lot. We're pretty conservative when we do the evaluation on these and don't build in really aggressive assumptions on cost of revenue. 
Dominic Casserley: Basically, Brian, I think the context for your question here is that the -- both the $300 million and $325 million are basically focused on our organic cost base, right? So any savings we get, which we, of course, over time will get from our acquisitions in the way that John described are over and above what we are talking about here. 
Brian Meredith: Excellent. And then just quickly, John, do we have a free cash flow number for the quarter? And how does that compare to last year's second quarter? 
John Greene: Yes. So the cash flow from operations is actually down about $70 million. And that's driven by a couple of different things. One thing to note is net income for the quarter was roughly equivalent to the cash from operations. And what we saw quarter-over-quarter in terms of cash flow, we had some tax and pension timing, some incentives, and then working capital actually increased by about $30 million as a result of growth -- effectively growth in the business and, frankly, not enough traction in terms of receivable management that the business is now focused on. 
Brian Meredith: Okay. And then just lastly, just real quickly, tax rate. What was the impact of the kind of procurement benefit you had in the quarter on the 22%? What would kind of the run rate look like? 
John Greene: So we guided to mid-20s there. I look at it now based on the first and second quarter, and I would say somewhere between 23% and 25% range. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Let me reiterate Brian's desire to maybe have a little bit better disclosure in the cash flow because I shared, Dominic, your high interest in cash flow as something to evaluate. And there are a lot of things going through with the FX and the timing of your restructuring program. So more data in that in the chart would be really helpful. 
Dominic Casserley: That's helpful, thanks. 
Robert Glasspiegel: So I'm getting a lot of feedback from my clients that the Towers Watson shareholder vote isn't a complete layup, and I understand you're not going to talk about Towers Watson's shareholders' and how they're treating it per se. And you think there's a good enthusiasm from both sides, which is good to hear. Do you have contingency plans should the shareholders not vote for it? And remind me on whether the breakup fee accrues to you if the shareholders do vote it down? 
Dominic Casserley: So I'm going to deal with the first part of your question. Look, we are very focused on this transaction. We're highly excited about it that we just spent some time doing preliminary integration planning and going after a lot of the opportunities that exist both in client service, talent attraction and thinking through some of the costs and other opportunities. So we're well underway on that. That being said, obviously, as part of being an attractive part of transaction is our stand-alone plans are robust and going forward. 
John Greene: And then, Bob, if I could just add, Plan A is the merger with Towers, and Plan B is the merger with Towers. So we haven't even considered then any breakup fee at this point. Maybe just one in the contract, but it's really not even relevant to talk about at this point. 
Robert Glasspiegel: I was just asking a contractual question on whether it accrues to you if the shareholders voted down, but you don't know whether that's the case or... 
Dominic Casserley: We'll get back to you, Bob. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Mitchell from Miller Tabak. 
Thomas Mitchell: With CIAB and ACE [ph] getting together and some other companies increasing their consolidation, I know that the customer is the buyer of insurance, but do you see this consolidation as affecting the markets in a way that would require you to sort of bulk up your capabilities in order to deal with what might be a shrinking number of qualified markets for your clients to purchase from? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, that's a good question. We definitely see a lot of evolution in both the health care markets, and you've seen a lot of movement there in the last few weeks, and in the property and casualty markets. We have been investing in preparation to those changes. We saw them coming. And so all our investments in analytics, in data management are all about increasing the quality and depth of our client service to our corporate plans and to our insurance plans. So we were not taken by surprise by this. Our strategy has reflected that. Our excitement -- parts of our excitement about the merger with Towers Watson is it enables us to accelerate all those moves we've already been taking because we absolutely believe that in the way in which these markets are evolving. An adviser, broker and solutions provider will need to have deep capabilities across a range of industries and a big pool of analytic capabilities. That was what we were investing in on a stand-alone basis, and Towers Watson enables us to accelerate that. And we think it will be important in this evolving world to have that depth and range of capability. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Meyer Shields with KBW. 
Meyer Shields: So in terms of the impact of the acquisition, if I'm getting this right, there's $51 million of revenue and $49 million of expenses in the quarter, so it seems like the margin on these companies are really low. Is there any seasonal impact on that? Is that not representative of their future contribution? 
John Greene: Yes. So there's amortization of intangibles that are impacting those new transactions. And when we -- there's a second piece that's playing as well. Some of the businesses have had lower margins than what Willis has enjoyed but generating super cash flows. We obviously pay in terms of the deal price based on the net cash flow generated. So we're comfortable with the economics on the deal. And over time, what you'll see is improving margins as a result of reduced amortization and then the mild cost synergies we talked about. So we're comfortable with it. And as I mentioned earlier, I think it will help the analyst community when we begin to break out cash, EPS and frankly, it will align with how Towers does it as well. So that works in many regards. 
Dominic Casserley: I think there's another point here is that some of these businesses have seasonality to them, so you really only see the full effect of that impact upon us when you see how they perform during the course of a full year. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's helpful. But the $49 million then includes the incremental intangibles amortization. Is that right? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. And then maybe this is better off-line, but I'm trying to understand the interaction between the $18 million revaluation and any impact on, let's say, the EBITDA margin. Is that something you can go through that? 
John Greene: Yes. I think it would be better, Meyer, if we take that off-line for answering. We're just about at 9:00 here, and we'll walk you through it. It's better if we walk through it after the call, I think. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: Yes, very quickly, the merger-related expenses, in the segment breakdown, were those included in the Corporate segment? Or were those split among the divisions? 
John Greene: Yes. So the merger expenses for Towers were included in the Corporate segment. If there is a transaction that's specific to a particular segment, they get booked on a call it a reported basis in those segments. And then when we show performance on an organic basis, we strip those out. 
Operator: And at this time, I'm showing no further questions. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, great. So thank you very much, everybody, for your participation in this call. We're very excited about the outlook. Let me just close with the following. The story of this quarter is strong execution on our strategic initiatives, driving results and building the platform for the acceleration of future earnings. We saw solid organic growth in our businesses and drove margin expansion despite the headwinds in the period and remain confident in our projections for mid-single-digit organic growth and our ability to convert this growth into profits. The excellent progress to date on our Operational Improvement Program allowed us to increase our expectations of what it will produce this year and importantly in the long run. And our M&A strategy continues to deepen and strengthen our offerings globally. So we are focused on continuing to execute, excited about the opportunities we are creating for the Willis business today and committed to making the merger with Towers Watson the transformational value-creating event we expect it to be. Thanks for joining us today, and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter. 
Operator: This does conclude today's conference. Thank you so much for joining. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-04-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome, and thank you, all, for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this point.
 I will turn the meeting over to your host, Mr. Peter Poillon. Sir, you may begin. 
Peter Poillon: Thank you, and welcome to our First Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call, which is being hosted by Dominic Casserley, Chief Executive Officer of Willis Group Holdings. A webcast replay of the call, along with a slide presentation to which we'll be referring, can be accessed through our website. If you've any questions after the call, my direct line is +1 (212) 915-8084.
 Please note that we may make certain statements relating to future results, which are forward-looking statements, as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated. These statements reflect our opinions only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update them in light of new information or future events.
 Please refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014, and subsequent filings as well as our earnings press release for a more detailed discussion of the risk factors that may affect our results.
 Copies may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website. Also, please note that certain financial measures that we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release and slides associated with this call.
 I'll now turn the call over to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Welcome, and thank you for joining our quarterly conference call. With me today are: John Greene, our Chief Financial Officer; Steve Hearn, our Deputy CEO; Tim Wright, Head of Willis International and Todd Jones, Head of Willis International. I'm delighted also to welcome, Nicolas Aubert, CEO, Willis GB, to his first earnings call.
 As I did last quarter, I want to start with an overview of the key components of our value creation strategy. I'm pleased to say that our first quarter results once again saw all 3 pillars of our strategy in action. First, we aim to drive organic profit and cash flow growth through our diversified portfolio of risk advisory, brokerage and Human Capital and Benefits businesses, with growth coming from across the group. We are focused on delivering mid-single-digit organic revenue growth. In parallel, we seek to manage our organic costs to create a healthy gain in organic margin.
 Group organic revenue growth of 3.4% was satisfactory, given uneven conditions across the markets in which we operate. We saw underlying growth across all of our segments, with solid growth reported in many of our businesses. I will discuss this in detail in a moment.
 This quarter's results revealed great progress on our margin as we achieved 170 basis points of positive spread between our organic commissions and fees growth and our organic expense growth. This positions us well to achieve our stated goal of least 130 basis points of average spread for the year.
 The second leg of our strategy is managing our targeted acquisitions to create value through stronger revenue performance and improved cash flow. During the quarter, our M&A strategy continued to make substantial contributions to our underlying growth. As we look ahead, we remain optimistic that we can sustain growth through our announced acquisitions. We expect to close the Miller transaction in the middle of the year, subject to regulatory approvals. And just last week, we announced that we have made a firm offer to acquire the remaining 70% of Gras Savoye that we do not already own. We are extremely excited at the prospect of joining forces with both of these organizations. I will come back to discuss the Gras Savoye transaction at the end of our prepared remarks.
 Third, we continue to transform our financial performance with our Operational Improvement Program. This major initiative announced on this call a year ago is designed to deliver sustainable annual cost savings of $300 million, beginning in 2018, with a gradual process of cost improvement each year up until then. We will reinvest a minority of the savings generated, but expect that the program will add to our underlying and organic performance each year as it started to do late last year and into this year. Since inception, the Operational Improvement Program has delivered about $21 million in cost savings. We are making steady progress, and everyone here remains optimistic that we will achieve our goals. As previously announced, we will provide a fuller update on the program during our second quarter earnings review. Combined, these 3 components of our strategy are intended to drive improved cash flow and shareholder value.
 Let me now turn to the quarter in more detail, starting with a discussion about Willis International. Our international operations achieved underlying commissions and fees growth in excess of 20%, an outstanding result that includes the significant impact on the segments' revenues from the acquisitions of Max Matthiessen, Charles Monat and the IFG pension and benefits businesses over the past 12 months.
 On an organic basis, International had another solid quarter, growing 5.3%. International saw very strong growth from Latin America, led by Brazil. Asia grew high single digits in the quarter, led by Global Wealth Solutions and strong Marine business. Eastern Europe, which is dominated by our Russian business, grew solidly. Expected headwinds from sanctions and economic conditions did not materialize in the quarter. However, we expect to face those headwinds throughout the remainder of the year. Western Europe grew low single digits, a good result considering the overall economic conditions across that market. The Iberia region, Norway and Ireland were the primary drivers in the quarter.
 Let's now take a look at Willis North America. Last quarter, you'll remember that North America was down slightly, but we told you that we expected to see improved performance in the first quarter. This occurred, with North America achieving organic growth of 4.7%. Looking at our results from a practice perspective, we saw single-digit growth from our largest practice, Human Capital and double-digit growth in FINEX, our second largest practice and which includes our market-leading SIBA business.
 From an industry perspective, Real Estate and Hospitality led the way with double-digit growth, while Construction came in at low single digits, held back somewhat by declining surety revenues. Our mergers and acquisitions business grew solidly during the quarter. Rates during the quarter were a bit of a headwind in North America, as weakening rates in the property business more than offset the slight strengthening noted in the casualty business.
 Now on to Willis Capital Wholesale and Reinsurance, which is one of two new segments. It includes Willis Re, our capital markets business, our wholesale business and a new unit called Willis Portfolio and Underwriting Services, which encompasses our programs and underwriting businesses. Overall, the segment's organic commissions and fees were up 1.3%. The performance reflects solid results in reinsurance in what is the most significant quarter for revenue in our reinsurance business. We saw declines in our wholesale business, but relatively flat growth elsewhere compared to last year.
 In reinsurance, we continue to grow our North American business at a double-digit rate, driven by continued new business success. This business was further bolstered by favorable timing of $8 million of revenue that shifted from Q2 into Q1, a result that will have a mild impact on our growth in the second quarter. The growth in North America was offset by declines in the International and specialty reinsurance businesses, where we continued to see declining rates and consolidation driving lower demand. Willis Capital Markets delivered a good performance with a number of capital raising and advisory mandates completed.
 And finally, I'd like to discuss Willis GB, our other new segment comprising our Great Britain-based specialty and retail businesses. This segment is organized into 4 components: Property & Casualty, Transport, Financial Lines, and the retail network. Organic commissions and fees grew 1.1% in the quarter. This performance reflects double-digit growth in Financial Lines. We also saw mid-single-digit growth in Property & Casualty, dominated by double-digit growth in our U.K. Large Accounts. Transport was down low single digits in the quarter as growth in aviation was more than offset by a reduction in our Marine book, reflecting continued low levels of new business.
 Finally, retail networks were down, driven by continued decline in our Commercial Network due to the renegotiation of revenue terms with our network members and our Insolvency business, which is sensitive to improving economic conditions. So good overall progress in the opening quarter to 2015.
 Now I'm going to ask John to take you through the numbers in a bit more detail. Then I'll return to talk about acquisitions. John? 
John Greene: Thank you, Dominic. Good morning to those on the call. I'll be working off the first quarter slide deck which is available on our website.
 On Slide 3, you'll see our traditional EPS watch [ph]. This shows we started 2015 with a solid performance, driven by a combination of revenue growth and continued progress against our expense management goals, including those of the Operational Improvement Program. These 2 factors combined to drive organic margin expansion.
 On foreign exchange, during our call -- during our last call, we indicated that if rates remained exactly where they were as of December 31, FX would pressure our EPS by between $0.03 and $0.07 for the full year of 2015. We also flagged that FX would pressure the first half of the year's results and would then ease in the second half. As you know, currency rates have moved since December 31. In fact, during the first quarter, the euro declined 13% versus the dollar, while the pound fell by 5%. That contributed to a $0.15 negative impact on EPS in the quarter. We expect the pressure from FX movements will abate in the second half of the year, actually reversing to a degree in the third quarter. So if you assume no movements in foreign currency rates from March 31, we now expect the full year impact from FX to be a headwind of $0.10 to $0.13 per share.
 Overall, we continue the trends from last quarter. Good organic revenue growth and returns from our M&A strategy, coupled with our cost management initiatives, created an $0.08 positive movement in EPS. Finally, our reported EPS includes the restructuring costs related to the Operational Improvement Program. This amounted to $31 million or $0.12 per share in the quarter. That was partially offset by the $0.01 gain from an office sale.
 Turning to Slide 4. As a reminder, the difference between reported and underlying for each segment is foreign currency movement, and the difference between underlying and organic is the net impact from acquisitions and disposals. Encouragingly, excluding the foreign exchange headwinds, we had commission and fee growth on both an organic and underlying basis across each segment during the quarter. FX headwinds are clear when you look at the difference in reported and underlying C&F growth in Willis GB, Willis CWR and Willis International. This was driven primarily by the depreciation in the euro against the dollar. Sterling and the Latin American currencies also contributed to a lesser degree.
 2 further points to note. First, international's underlying results reflect the impact of the 2014 acquisitions of Max Matthiessen, Charles Monat and the IFG business, adding about $38 million to revenue in the quarter. Second, North America's underlying results reflect revenues lost from portfolio management actions taken in 2014. In the current quarter, we sold our Omaha, Nebraska office. The result is reflected in other operating income as a $4 million gain. We've discussed our portfolio optimization over the past few quarters, and we now have largely completed those actions in North America.
 Let's turn to a walkthrough of our expenses on Slide 5. Here, you can see our cost management initiatives are gaining traction as we kept our organic expense growth under 2%. Foreign currency movements favorably impacted total expenses by $48 million in the quarter. As you might expect, the biggest driver was the euro depreciation against the dollar. Underlying expenses grew by $40 million, of which $29 million is related to our M&A activity. Included in this result were the initial costs associated with the proposed Gras Savoye acquisition amounting to about $4 million. We also saw the benefit of our Operational Improvement Program. For the quarter, cost savings from the program totaled $10 million. We expect the quarterly savings from the program to increase, especially in the second half of the year. Program costs in the quarter totaled $31 million, reflecting termination benefits, parallel run costs and professional fees. Overall, we continue to make strong progress against our goals results for the program.
 Additionally, expenses in the quarter benefited from a $10 million increase in the pension expense credit. This is the result of actuarial gains and a freeze on pensionable salaries in the U.K. defined benefit plan implemented in March.
 Slide 6 takes you through salary and benefit expense. On an organic basis, S&B was up 3.3% to $544 million. This was slightly above our global inflation expectation and reflects a 1% increase in organic headcount as well as inflationary pressure in Latin America and other markets, significantly impacted by inflation or currency devaluation. We also had higher incentives in the quarter following strong performances in several businesses. Underlying S&B grew $34 million or 6.4% to $567 million. This includes a $17 million increase from M&A, roughly half the total growth in the quarter.
 Turning to Slide 7. This shows our onshore and offshore FTE trends over the past 12 months on an organic basis. Our numbers reflect our continued focus on headcount management and on relocating FTEs to lower-cost regions. As we've mentioned before, the parallel running of roles associated with the Operational Improvement Program will mean temporary FTE growth in some quarters. Organic FTEs are, therefore, up around 1% year-over-year. But onshore, the number of FTEs is actually down about 300 over the same period. That means that the increase in organic FTEs is all within our low-cost offshore operation in Mumbai. Over the long term, this will optimize our cost structure, while supporting our growth goals.
 On Slide 8, you see our underlying EBITDA was $360 million in the first quarter, up nearly 6% year-over-year. The growth was broadly even split between organic sources and acquisitions. Overall, our underlying EBITDA performance reflects a positive impact of our acquisition strategy combined with mid-single-digit organic C&F growth and strong execution on our cost initiatives. A year ago, in the first quarter of 2014, our underlying EBITDA grew $5 million year-over-year. The current quarter reflects a $20 million improvement. This illustrates the progress we're making.
 Now, let me briefly comment on our expectations for the remainder of the year. Overall, we are confident that we are well positioned to achieve our stated goals for the year. This -- these include mid-single-digit organic revenue growth, at least 130 basis points spread between organic, C&F and expense growth and approximately $55 million to $65 million of EBITDA from acquisitions, subject to the timing of Miller's closing.
 We also said the timing of the positive organic spread would be weighted to the second half of the year. That is because, as Dominic mentioned in his commentary, we are facing uneven market conditions, which affect the first quarter and will also impact the second quarter and because we expect our Operational Improvement Program savings will gather pace in the second half of the year. We will navigate these near-term headwinds and believe that we are on track to achieve our full year target.
 Before I turn it back to Dominic, I'd like to take a minute to walk you through some of the financials of our proposed acquisition of Gras Savoye on Slide 9. On a U.S. GAAP basis, Gras Savoye generated approximately EUR 370 million of revenue in 2014 and approximately EUR 65 million of EBITDA, producing a 17.6% margin. The 2 pie charts at the bottom of the slide break out Gras Savoye's revenues, first by geography and second by product line.
 By geography, you observe a fairly even split between the 3 divisions of Paris, regions and International, including Africa. By product, while Property and Casualty is a majority of the business, you see that a sizable portion is in what we view as their high-growth Human Capital and Benefits practice. Importantly, that company continues to have strong growth prospects.
 Q1 is historically Gras Savoye's biggest quarter by revenues and in 2015, it continued to perform well, growing by strong mid-single digits. We expect its underlying margin will expand in 2015, and we see excellent opportunities to drive revenue synergies post acquisition.
 From a financial perspective, we believe we've added substantially to our capabilities at a fair valuation, given the momentum of the business in 2015. We expect the transaction to close by December 31, subject to regulatory and worker councils reviews. If it closes at that time, we expect it to be $0.06 to $0.08 diluted on our reported EPS in 2016, mildly diluted in '17 and accretive in 2018. Excluding the impact of amortization expense, we see the transaction as being accretive in the range of $0.13 to $0.17 per share in 2016.
 Now I'll turn the call back to Dominic to cover the strategic aspects of the transaction and wrap up the call. 
Dominic Casserley: Thank you, John. As I've discussed before, strategic acquisitions are a key aspect of our growth strategy, and we continue to make progress having brought in high-quality businesses in 2014 to further strengthen our client proposition and our growth prospects. We have continued our progress on this strategy with the announcement of the proposed Miller and Gras Savoye transactions. Today, I'd like to talk more about Gras Savoye and what it means for Willis.
 Take a look at Slide 10. First, a reminder of some of what Gras Savoye would bring to the combined firm. A strong footprint in France, where it is the largest broker and where it holds a strong market share in French Large Accounts and enjoys a leading position in the mid-market sector. The expertise and reach to serve multinationals, including in France, which is home to 31 of the Fortune Global 500, a number that ranks it fourth globally and first in Europe. Access to high-growth economies and insurance markets, including Central and Eastern Europe, the Middle East and a comprehensive network of 42 offices in 31 countries across Africa. Strong Property & Casualty product capabilities and employee benefits for us.
 In the graph, you see that our network of wholly owned country operations in a combined Willis Gras Savoye would double in size from 42 pre-acquisitions to 84. We believe this transaction would give us one of the largest wholly owned country networks in our industry, further enhancing Willis' ability to serve the needs of the multinational corporations around the world.
 Let me conclude with these points on the transaction and our strategy as a whole. This union would be the next step in a longstanding relationship that has spanned decades. Over the decades, we have worked closely many times as a joint force to win business. We have strong ties and great relationships with the management team and many of the terrific Gras Savoye employees around the world. It is our belief that combining the entities into one fully integrated company will allow us to continue to add value to client offerings, provide great opportunities for employees of both firms and help us to build shareholder value into the future.
 Finally, let me return to where we started, our strategy. As I said, you see all 3 pillars of our strategy in action in this quarter's results: Organic growth through our diversified portfolio; strategic M&A; and operational improvement. It is this deliberate and determined approach that is enabling us to sustain good momentum overall in an external context of uneven economic performance and a challenging rate environment. Going forward, we remain confident in our prospects and believe we are well positioned to achieve our stated goals for the year. The 3 elements of our strategy come together to drive growth in earnings, improve our margins and increase cash flow, with the overall aspiration to bring value to our shareholders.
 And now, I'll turn the call over to question-and-answers. Over to the operator. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Cliff Gallant from Nomura. 
Clifford Gallant: Just wanted to ask a little bit more about the 170 basis points spread you achieved this quarter in the -- between organic revenues and expenses. Were there any onetime items that might have been driving that, because I noticed in your comments you said that you were just beginning to see the operational improvements come into effect? 
John Greene: Yes. Actually, looking at the balance of what happened, so we certainly performed well on the top line. So the organic growth coming in at 3.4%, supplemented by the acquisitions certainly helped. We did have a movement, as Dominic mentioned in his commentary, of a particular reinsurance contract that historically is booked in the second quarter, booked in the first quarter. We actually had more on the expense side. We had more, what I'll say, pressure from the Gras Savoye due diligent costs that we -- that I mentioned of $4 million. We also had about $3 million of costs related to Miller that came through. We expect a little bit more to come through when the transaction closes. So no significant one-offs. There was a little bit of timing, and we're in a pretty good position, I think. 
Clifford Gallant: Given that performance in the -- this first quarter performance, just wanted to confirm your statements that you still feel that the second half will be stronger than the first half? 
John Greene: Yes. So we thought about those statements carefully. We -- obviously, we gave annual guidance as part of the fourth quarter earnings call. We're going to stick with that earnings guidance, and we're going to manage to it. And if the top line continues and our expense base continues to be managed as we have, we see that we're going to deliver the 130 basis points and possibly a little bit of upside on that. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Kai Pan from Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: The first question, just want to clarify, John, your comments on the full year impact of foreign exchange. You said if the currency stay the same at the quarter end, the foreign currency impact for the full year will be $0.10 to $0.13. Is that inclusive of the $0.15 negative impact which imply in the rest -- remaining of the year you would have the benefit from it or just from second quarter to the fourth quarter of this year? 
John Greene: Yes. So as we talked $0.15 negative impact on the first quarter, the range I gave was a full year impact. So we see -- so if rates remain exactly where they were as of March 31, I want to emphasize that point because we do know that rates have moved in April a little bit, actually the euro strengthened marginally. But if they were to remain exactly where they were as of March 31, we would see that range of $0.13 to $0.10 for the full year. 
Kai Pan: Okay. That's great. Then the second question is on the... 
John Greene: The improvement happens in the third quarter. We see a pickup in the third quarter just based on the flow of the revenues coming through. 
Kai Pan: So it'd be positive, the impact, actually improvement, in the third quarter? 
John Greene: Yes. 
Kai Pan: Okay, great. Second question on acquisition impact on the margin. Basically, you showed pretty strong organic margin improvement, 120 basis points, but if you look underlying margin improvement is only like 10, 20 basis points. So I guess that the difference between those 2 numbers are from some drag from the acquisition or dispositions. Could you talk a little bit more about that? And what's the potential drag, if any, from the acquisition going forward, like Miller and Gras Savoye? 
John Greene: Yes. So the organic obviously strips out the acquisitions, so 12 months of acquisition revenue and expenses and operating income. The difference between organic and underlying, therefore, is the acquisitions and what we ended up buying are companies with margins that are slightly lower than what Willis has posted and that results in a lower margin. But we also paid a valuation when we bought those companies that reflected the margin rates that the companies had and obviously, we're managing them. And we expect to drive some synergies over the longer term, but it's not going to happen immediately, so that does impact it. There's also the impact of amortization that comes through, so the difference between the assets and the purchase price -- the net assets and the purchase price, that comes through and that impacts the underlying numbers. 
Dominic Casserley: If I could step in here and add to this. Remember we're very focused on growing our cash flow and EBITDA. And so when we're buying businesses, what we're really focused on is their impact on our cash flow over time and growing our cash flow, which is a combination of the value of those franchises and the profits they're building today and our ability to improve those over time. And what we are already seeing is that the businesses we have bought continue to perform well when they're part of the Willis family, and we see significant revenue and cost synergies all the time from many of them. So we are really focused on the medium-term, in fact, immediate- and medium-term impact on the cash flow generation, and so far, everything is very positive. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Ryan Tunis from Crdit Suisse. 
Ryan Tunis: I think my first question is for John, and it's actually on the pension side. So on the U.K. pension, I know the vast majority of pension contributions are coming from the U.K., and I think the 10-K indicated you're currently negotiating a new funding arrangement with the plan's trustees. And I think, at least on a U.S. GAAP basis, that plan looks overfunded. I guess, I'm just curious, where are we in those negotiations. Could they have any real impact on those cash flow, going forward? Or potentially could they bring down that profit share above $900 million of EBITDA that you guys point to in the K? 
John Greene: So we're having ongoing conversations with the trustees, so I really can't get into much detail in terms of the funding arrangement. The key impact for the quarter, however, was freezing the pension. So basically, the impact of that is participants' salary increases aren't reflected in the defined benefit calculation going forward upon their retirement or exit from the company. And if you take a look at the balance sheet on Page 12 of the press release, it shows that the pension benefit asset actually moved materially, almost $300 million, and that related to the -- frankly the valuation as a result of freezing it. So there will be some income benefit for Willis over the next 7, 8 years in terms of amortization of, what I'll say, is expense or cost of the pension. The actuarial deficit also changed materially as a result of freezing those pension benefits. So we think that we're in a fairly good position in terms of where we are from an accounting and a business perspective. It's really important that we treat our people fairly and create a fair outcome for our people in terms of ensuring the pension is funded appropriately. But there are those contingencies associated with the funding arrangements that were implemented about 3 years ago that we're looking to mitigate over time. But we'll see how the conversations go with the trustees. 
Ryan Tunis: Got it. That's helpful. And I guess, switching back over to Gras real quick. Now, the guidance you guys gave us last week and, I guess, reiterated this morning, I guess what are you guys assuming in terms of revenue growth or margin expansion. I think you said you think you can grow margins in '15. What's going into that guidance? 
Dominic Casserley: Let me turn that over to Tim Wright who has been leading our discussions with Gras Savoye and led through the announcement last week. Tim? 
Timothy Wright: A couple of things. You asked about the, I guess, the momentum of the business in '15 and then also what we see as future growth opportunities over time. I think, as we said earlier, 2015 Gras Savoye will not be part of the group according to the plan. They will become part of the group in beginning of 2016. We see positive momentum in both top line and bottom line and margin in Gras Savoye in 2015, as evidenced by very strong first quarter, which, as you know, is the largest quarter by far of Gras Savoye. I think it's about 40% of the revenues of Gras Savoye come in the first quarter. So they have really positive momentum in the first quarter of 2015. In terms of revenue opportunities over time, given the complementary nature of our 2 businesses, we are -- they are where we are not, and the combination creates the opportunity for us to grow jointly as a result. We see substantial revenue opportunities over time once they are part of the group, bringing our collective capabilities to bear and combining our footprint. In terms of precise numbers, we're working through our plans with respect to what that would mean financially, so it's too early to say. They won't be part of the group until the end of the year, but we think there's significant incremental growth opportunity from the combination. 
Ryan Tunis: Understood. And I just had one more quick one for John. Just in terms of how to think about the funding for this deal, I think in the slide you said transaction likely funded with debt. I mean, if you could just help us with that thought, maybe in the last quarter, you were hoping it'd mainly be cash and a letter of credit. I don't know if there is a change there. Just how are you thinking about funding mix, rating agency considerations, et cetera? 
John Greene: So rates are actually at a fantastic level to fund a transaction like this with debt, and we're exploring options. The one option that is probably predominant at this time is a Eurobond, probably sometime in the fourth quarter, and the order of magnitude could be somewhere between $500 million and $600 million. Now, we're going to continue to explore other options. As you know, we have the RCF with $800 million of capability there. We haven't touched it. I don't think that's a good way to fund a long-term transaction. So we'll look at our cash position when we get closer to closing and make a call. So as I said, I think it will be something between $500 million and $600 million and where it stands right now, if euro rates remain where they, it might be the Eurobond. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mark Hughes from SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: The organic growth target or spread of 130 basis points, could you or -- have you calculated on an underlying basis, given the profile of those acquisitions. What does that translate into for the spread growth there, again on the underlying business? 
John Greene: Yes. So we gave guidance on an organic basis, and I'm a little bit hesitant right now to provide some additional or enhanced guidance on an underlying basis, given we're going to have some transaction costs coming through and the impact of amortization on these transactions. So 130 basis points organic is pretty good. You know the pipeline in terms of the 2 significant transactions where -- that we're going to close. So I would say use the data we provided, and it should give you a pretty good indication of the underlying numbers. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, and I think we're positive about where our underlying spread will move, but obviously, the timing of when Miller closes and how -- and the big thing there, of course, is the accelerated amortization, which affects heavily the short-term underlying spread you see. So that's why we're hesitant to given that. We want you -- we've given clear guidance on what we think we can do organically. And then, the timing around some of the -- closing of some of these transactions is going to have an effect on how the amortization flows through. 
Mark Hughes: And then the -- you talked about the positive impact of freezing the pension. The $10 million increase in pension benefit credit, was that -- that was part of that benefit, you saw some of that this quarter, is that right? 
John Greene: We did, yes. 
Mark Hughes: Okay. And then the volatility in the U.S., you had a very nice improvement this quarter. Seems like that's been pretty mobile, a lot of movement in those numbers. Do you think that will stabilize? Were those some unique circumstances, the last few quarters? Should we expect more consistency, perhaps, in North America? 
Dominic Casserley: So let me turn over to Todd Jones just to give you a sense of what's going on in the States. Todd? 
Todd Jones: Yes. I think, as we had talked about last quarter, we had some unique circumstance that we thought weren't going to repeat that impacted the quarter and then obviously, we saw the business return to what we consider sort of more normal performance this quarter. As we look to the balance of the year, and I think we mentioned rate -- the rating environment continues to be a headwind, having just returned from RINs [ph]. I don't think anything I heard there would suggest that, that rating environment is going to improve anytime in the near term, but we're still very optimistic about the growth prospects of the business. Certainly, the industry strategy, we're very happy that Construction came back to growth, and our Human Capital and Benefits business performed well in the quarter as well. So still bullish on the full year, have got a lot of challenges from rating environment, but think we can continue to grow sustainably. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Brian Meredith from UBS. 
Brian Meredith: A couple of quick questions here for you. First, John, just on the tax rate 22% and change for the quarter, is that a good, kind of, go-forward rate? Or is it a little bit low given, kind of, mix of revenues and earnings in the quarter? 
John Greene: I think it's lower than the guidance we gave. So during the Q&A in the December call, related to the December results, I mentioned something around 25% and in the quarter, we benefited from the mix of revenue as well as the strengthening of provision on our balance sheet that we were able to release. So I would think in terms of the range, 25%. And obviously, it's an important piece of the income statement that we continue to look at. 
Brian Meredith: Okay. And then just a clarification on the $10 million pension benefit, that was all in this quarter? And did that favorably impact the other operating expenses? And is there any -- and what's the GAAP impact we'll see here going forward from the freeze in the pension benefit earnings, going forward? 
John Greene: Yes. So it's -- the benefit is reflected in S&B, so it's part of employee benefits. And the $10 million is a year-over-year change, and some of that, as I said in my prepared script, related to the -- frankly the actuarial view of our interest income or earnings from the pension and the other piece had to do with the freeze. So we can expect for the year, this first quarter here, was better than -- $10 million better. Going forward, the way we're looking at it, it's likely to repeat. 
Brian Meredith: So we should continue to see a $10 million benefit for the next several quarters? 
John Greene: Yes, thereabouts. It could be slightly more, it could be slightly less. 
Brian Meredith: Got you. Great. And then just on the revenue side, in the wholesale businesses, I know energy markets have been pretty weak, Gulf of Mexico energy, would that impact the second quarter? When is that likely to impact results? And should we expect some pressure on organic revenue growth in that area as a result in the second quarter? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, let me start having Steve Hearn talk about that and maybe Nicolas may -- might want to add. But let me have Steve start talking about the energy outlook. 
Steven Hearn: Yes, sure. Thanks, Dominic. Yes, energy is obviously something significant for Willis around the world, with our Russian business earlier has impact there. It certainly has impact in our London business and Nicolas' area and in Todd's business for that matter. So what's going on in the energy market is something we clearly follow very closely. One of the things, the way I think about this is this doesn't necessarily correlate volatility in the energy market in terms of our earnings. And in fact, if we go back to previous energy crisis, the actual impact on our earnings was relatively negligible with modest impact. It takes a long time for construction projects to actually stop and get mothballed. Construction continues to develop in the energy sector. At the moment, we see -- and then obviously, there's operational risk, which continues to be active. So we're watching it closely. I don't see anything particularly spiky I think, and certainly, at the moment, all of those businesses that I've mentioned continue to perform well in the energy area. And I don't think there's anything anyone else would add? 
Dominic Casserley: No. I think we're done, that's -- we're done, that's fine. 
Operator: The next question is from the line of Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. 
Joshua Shanker: I just wanted to talk about the growth rates a little bit on the different segments. It was mentioned that you had the negative 2% in North America followed by plus 4 -- last year, you also had a -- last quarter, you had a plus 15 in International, now you have a plus 5. And then you had the 2Q transaction -- it was the 1Q transaction, in 1Q in wholesale and capital and reinsurance. And you also mentioned the impact of sanctions going forward for International. I'm wondering if you can take the 1Q growth rate numbers and sort of give us a little bit of thoughts on what might be a normalized version and whether you take the 1Q growth rates for the individual segments as close to normalized. 
Dominic Casserley: First of all, let me make the following overall point. We are deliberately building a diversified series of specialty businesses, right across where we compete. So we're deep in all our markets geographically. And in our product lines, we have real specialists who have leading market franchises. And we, therefore, have a diversified portfolio of businesses, which at any one time, some are stronger than the others, which gives us confidence about the overall growth rate we're going to achieve from the group, because we have diverse -- we have strength and diversification. Now with that as background, let's focus first on International. Of course, we did have very large fourth quarter last year. I'll have Tim just talk to us about -- a bit about the International story. Tim? 
Timothy Wright: Thank you, Dominic. So just first of all on the fourth quarter, 15% growth, we're very pleased with that, but we did call out that it benefited from some year-on-year comparables and that actually if you excluded that, it was probably more like 11%, which we were still very pleased with. And full year number was more like 9% overall for the last year. And then again, if you filter out back, fourth quarter comparables would be 7%, 7.5%. And that gives you an indication of what the last year was. Q1 result at over 5% is in line with what we've seen in the past for the first quarter. And we'll be confident that, that puts us in a good place for the rest of the year. And on Russia, which you called out, obviously, we have a fabulous business in Russia, a great market position and have benefited from that in the past and talked about that fact in past. Clearly, the combination of sanctions, which have restricted the capital markets and hence project business, which is a large part of our portfolio is a pressure, and the decline of the ruble, apart from the FX impact, does impact asset values. We actually had a good first quarter in Russia, but we do expect some pressure from that to come over the remainder of the year, but we still feel positive about the overall results of International for the full year. 
Joshua Shanker: Can Russia move you by 100 basis... 
Dominic Casserley: Sorry, go ahead again. 
Joshua Shanker: Can Russia move you by 100 basis points one way or the other on that segment? 
Timothy Wright: As Dominic said, in the same way that the group has the benefit of a portfolio effect, so does the International business. So in any given year, we'll have some businesses that are performing very strongly and others that are a bit more challenged, and the portfolio effect helps us to average those out. 
Dominic Casserley: And Josh, clearly another point of that effect. For 2016, the portfolio effect will be even stronger with the addition of Miller and the addition of Gras Savoye. So we're again adding specialist capabilities in those markets, in Miller's, for a specialized position in the wholesale markets in London, but further diversifying our exposure to any one particular market. Now where else would you like us to go to? I think we've covered the United States... 
Joshua Shanker: The reinsurance transaction that you did this quarter was normally booked in 2Q. I assume that, that had some sort of impact or maybe a slight drag on 2Q? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, I think we said that this was a reinsurance booking. Steve, do you want to talk a little bit... 
Joshua Shanker: Do you have a number around that? 
Steven Hearn: Yes. So as John mentioned in his prepared script, that's an $8 million number for us. Pure timing, something that historically has always turned up in Q2, turned up in Q1. So we benefited from it, and it will absolutely have an impact on Q2 for that segment for sure. 
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Farrell from Piper Jaffray. 
Daniel Farrell: With some of the upcoming M&A, I was just wondering if you could just remind us of what your tolerances are in terms of increases to that leverage. And maybe you could just related it to either a net debt-to-EBITDA on interest coverage. How do you think about where you can go those measures? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, let me start and then I'm going to hand it over to John. Our overall view is -- on acquisitions overall, let me remind you, is that we are focused on specialized franchises, either geographically or by line of business. And secondly, very, very importantly, institutions and people, because what we're really buying is people here and their talent who really want to become part of Willis, and that requires long-term compensations, not always as long as the decades we've been in conversation with Gras Savoye, but certainly for a long period of time, and it largely lead us away from auctioned situations but instead exclusive conversations. So that's our philosophy. Once we have those assets, we then look obviously very carefully at our financial capability and flexibility. You've heard John talk about, obviously, we're driving things from cash and cash flow and then debt, either our revolver, which we tend not to think of as an appropriate source for long-term funding and then the long-term markets, which at the moment are at an interesting set of levels. And then of course, in that context, we then worry about our overall credit rating and our position with our creditors and the financial markets. And we've broadly been operating within the context of remaining investment grade. That's our broad philosophy. Now let me hand over to John to give a bit more detail on that. 
John Greene: Yes. So Dan, the specifics around our covenants. So there's plenty of room on the covenants. So we were -- from a debt-to-EBITDA standpoint, we were at 2.6 as of the end of the year. If we were to fund the Gras Savoye transaction with debt, that could go up to 2.9, and we see a horizon where it drops back down to 2.6 in a relatively short amount of time, so within 24 to 30 months. So we're comfortable with that. Our bank covenants are 3.2 -- between 3.25 and 3.5, depending on the particular nature of what's driving the EBITDA debt. So we're well within threshold, and we continue to manage it, as Dominic mentioned. 
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mr. Adam Klauber from William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: I'm not sure if you said, will Miller's be accretive next year? 
John Greene: We covered that on the previous call. So we -- from a cash EPS, it definitely will be. And I think for next year, we said -- I don't have the details in front of me, but I think we said it was about neutral, as I recall, or slightly up. 
Dominic Casserley: On an underlying basis, on an underlying basis. 
John Greene: Yes. 
Dominic Casserley: So strongly positive from a cash EPS basis and basically flat from an underlying basis, which includes the amortization. 
Adam Klauber: Should it be margin accretive on an EBITDA or cash basis, do you think? 
Dominic Casserley: Flattish, I think, broadly. 
Adam Klauber: Okay, and then one follow-up on the difference between underlying operating margin and organic. As we think about modeling off that base, should we think about modeling -- so first quarter this year, the underlying margin was 29.8% whereas organic operating margin was 30.7%. What's our starting point? Is it 29.8% or the 30.7%? 
John Greene: Could you just repeat that question so we're absolutely clear -- when you say starting point, starting point for what? Just to be able to answer your question clearly. 
Adam Klauber: So when we're modeling for next year, so we're thinking about, will margin increase from first quarter 2015 to first quarter 2016, should our starting point be the 29.8% or the 30.7%? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, let me start by saying [ph], the one piece of guidance we have given you and the only piece of guidance we have given you on margin is related to our organic margin or what's going to happen to our difference between our organic revenues and organic expenses, right? And that we have said will -- there will be a 130 basis points or more spread between those 2 numbers in 2015. As I think, we tried to answer in an earlier question, translating that precisely into what happens to the underlying margin. While, of course, it will be supportive of the underlying margin significantly, the timing of acquisitions and when they come in and when the amortization starts to flow through and exactly how we fund those acquisitions, short term versus long term and, therefore, what the debt cost will be, makes it a little harder to translate that immediately into what the underlying increase in margin will be in '15 because of that reason. That's why when we gave you guidance on what would happen to spread between revenues and costs, we focused you on organic because of all the other complications which just flow through in timing issues, et cetera, on underlying. 
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Glasspiegel from Janney Capital. 
Robert Glasspiegel: 2 questions. First is on cash flow, which despite some pretty good EBITDA trends, the first quarter was negative $64 million from operations versus plus $5 million, anything timing-wise that impacted that and... 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, so John, why don't you talk about the cash flow factor? 
John Greene: I will. So -- yes, so when we look at where we were '14 to '15, so the difference was a deterioration of about $69 million, and there were largely 4 components driving that. So there was the cash impact to the Operational Improvement Program that was about $20 million. There were year-over-year increased contributions to the defined benefit plan of $16 million. There were translation impacts from operating income from the FX coming through, which amounted to about $20 million. And then, the change in the balance sheet was the balance of about $10 million. So that explains the operating cash flow year-over-year. In terms of the movements from December 31 to March 31, the first quarter is a big quarter with incentive payments. So we accrue as the year goes on, but actually, the cash goes out the door, a majority of it happens in the first quarter, and that's really the driver of that decrease in the cash when you look at 12/31 to March 31. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. And if I could just have one follow-up on Gras Savoye, recognizing that my math maybe off because you don't give us enough details to get this fully. It looks like you're paying EBITDA about 12x and a PE of about 20x and accepting earnings EPS dilution for cash flow positives. Gras Savoye looks like it -- your equity in affiliates sort of declined for the quarter. I assume currency is the explanation between. You say that Gras Savoye had a good first quarter versus reporting a down in total for affiliates, but the question is, there is not much organic growth visible at -- in earnings for Gras Savoye, and you're paying a very high valuation from an EPS perspective. Are we going to talk in terms of cash earnings instead of EPS going forward, given the dislocation of the two? 
Dominic Casserley: Okay. So let me start, then I'm going to hand over to Tim and then, I'm probably going to end up with John. So let me start with a generic point. We have been watching with some interest some of the commentary around the price we're paying for Gras Savoye. Obviously, we're paying at the end of 2015 for this transaction. We would have thought the normal thing for people to do would be to be looking at either trailing 12 months, which would be 2015 or even forward-looking performance of the business. And occasionally, we've seen people taking the 2014 number and translating it into -- which strikes me as a bit odd. So we do not believe we're paying 12x EBITDA for this business, let me be very clear on that, and our calculations are nowhere near that sort of number. But in terms of the performance of the business and how it's performing and the outlook, let me hand over to Tim and then hand over to John to talk about cash EPS, how we're thinking about that. So Tim? 
Timothy Wright: Thanks, Dominic. So first thing to say is the way in which we calculated the price was broadly in line with the formula in our existing shareholder agreement, which is a document of public record, and that is a formula that's based on a combination of revenue and EBITDA for 2014 and '15. Obviously, by accelerating and making a firm offer now, we have taken a view on '15 based on the experience at beginning of the year and our best estimates for the remainder of the year. Into that calculation and to your thinking, you should factor the fact that 2015 looks very good, as I said earlier, in all respects. So we saw an improvement in 2014 in terms of revenue growth and margin expansion, and we see more of that from the experience of the fourth quarter, which is the largest first quarter -- first quarter, which is the largest. And then in terms of the associate line, you're absolutely right. The associate line is predominantly Gras Savoye. That was lower than you would expect, given that forward momentum due to FX and the other -- performance of our other associates, which was principally around timing. So we don't -- you shouldn't join the dots on the associate line and 2015 performance to conclude that the performance is down and, therefore, we overpaid. 
Dominic Casserley: John? 
John Greene: And then on the associate line, there was about $3 million FX that hit that, so you strip that out and on an underlying basis, you're up about 8% there, so good performance in the quarter. In terms of a cash EPS and how we're thinking about the business. Looking at the past 12 months, in terms of some of the things we did, in terms of breaking out underlying and organic and reported and trying to create some symmetry there and consistency, the idea of adding a new metric in this year, I thought would create some -- frankly some confusion in the marketplace. And given the timing of the transactions and some non-cash items that are likely to happen, as we mentioned valuation reserve could be reversed at some point in the second half of the year, my feeling was cash EPS is definitely the right way to go but not likely in '15, certainly for '16, which seemed to make a lot of sense with Gras Savoye transaction and Miller coming in. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mr. Thomas Mitchell from Miller Tabak. 
Thomas Mitchell: I just wanted to look at the restructuring costs. And you may have gone over this before in concept, but I just wanted to double check it. As we model what -- since we're looking at a period that has roughly 4 years to run, maybe a little bit less, for the Operating Improvement Program, then it would seem to me that if you have a planned process for the restructuring costs, you might be able to give us an idea of what that would look like quarter-by-quarter, some sort of a guidance on how that would look. Maybe the $31 million from this quarter is much higher than what it will be in the first quarter of 2018, but it might be helpful in between to have some sort of indication of how that's expected to go. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. And I think we said we are going to give you a pretty full update on how we see the Operational Improvement Program progressing and how we see it flowing through our financials in our second quarter earnings update in July, where we will address many of these issues. Frankly, giving -- not to preface that conversation, but getting into quarter-by-quarter exactly how the restructuring expenses will flow, as we look out into 2016 and 2017, is a little difficult to do, I think. We can do it at an annual level, but the details of exactly when the particular parallel running and other costs will actually fall when we start looking out gets a little harder to be that precise looking 2 years ahead. But bear with us and we will give you a full update of where we are and how we see this flowing through our financials in July. 
Thomas Mitchell: Okay, that's fine. Now my second question is just -- I think I understand it, but I just want to double check. Essentially, what you are giving us with organic is same-store. It's the equivalent of same-store results, which means that an acquisition once it's actually been in the fold for 15 months becomes part of the same-store base and a disposition, obviously, is moved out of the same-store base so that when we're looking at organic numbers in the future, we don't really have to worry about what is the right number for the percentage. For instance, your percentage, once you have had an acquisition for over a year, your percentage changes in operating profit margin are going to be tied to what the same-store base was i.e., including Gras Savoye some time, let's say, in 2017 and so on. Do I have that right? 
Dominic Casserley: You broadly do. And I think the same analogy is not a bad one. But let me hand over to John to make sure the precision of what we're doing in and out there is clear to you. 
John Greene: So Tom, yes, you are broadly right. It is same-store concepts, but the one nuance to the definition would be 12 months after an acquisition is closed or a disposal, we pull the 12 months of activity from that acquisition out of organic so that we get a pure view for the 12-month window. After 12 months, it becomes part of organic and logically, that makes sense because you do -- activate your integration activities and it really becomes embedded within your operations. 
Operator: Our next question is from Jay Cohen from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Cohen: Yes, you may have addressed this with some of your earlier comments, but you had mentioned in your prepared remarks, Dominic, facing uneven markets. I think that was the term you used in the first half and those should get better in the second half. I wasn't quite sure what you were referring to? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, I was just referring to the conditions, I think, Jay, that you are very, very familiar with, which is everyone knows that the reinsurance markets are interesting with consolidation of the large ends and pricing pressure around, particularly, Florida cat, the access of alternative capital. I think Todd talked about the fact that we've seen flattish rate; slightly down; some things up as in North America; some things slightly down; some markets we see aviation rates continue to be challenging, et cetera. So we're seeing that. I don't think I had necessarily said they're going to away in the second half of the year. I don't think we are saying that at all. We continue to believe, and I think I've said many, many times on calls that we never budget or operate on the basis that we will be in a hard market. We believe that what's going on in our markets, yes, there are ups and downs, but across our diversified portfolio, that would be a mistake to budget or act on that basis. But we are seeing in particular some of our segments, we're seeing some of that rate pressure, and you'll start seeing that in some of the relative growth rates between some of our segments. On the other hand, we benefit from some markets, which are stronger and growing and harder than that, e.g., we continue to see good growth in our human benefit practice. In some of our international markets, we continue to see good growth in our market share and in some pricing. So that's what I meant. But I think I was trying to particularly single that some of our segments during the course of the year are facing year-on-year pricing differentials, which you're seeing in our results. But again, our diversified portfolio or specialty businesses gives us the ongoing ability to deliver single-digit organic revenue growth. 
Operator: Our next question is from Meyer Shields from KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Just 2 quick questions, if I can. One, I think, this is for John, the $10 million savings on the pension, assuming that's a rough quarterly run rate, was that concentrated on the 130 basis points revenue expense spread? 
John Greene: Yes, about half of it. We hadn't froze the pension, the U.K. pension at the time. And we didn't know for certain what the impact would be on that. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. And second, and I apologize if this is a little awkward, but there's been some news obviously, about some defections in London to a competitor. And I don't want to get into the legal aspect of it, but should we model some sort of revenue impact from that? 
John Greene: Well, obviously -- I'll answer the second part of your question in a second. Obviously, we are somewhat constrained by the fact that we're in the middle of legal proceedings in this situation. Let me give you some general points and then answer the specific. I don't intend get into details of the case, but let me be very clear to everyone and to you listening that we will always pursue legal redress against individuals and companies where we believe unlawful action has compromised the interest of our clients, our staff, the carriers we work with and our shareholders. And we intend to pursue this particular case vigorously to trial for the maximum recovery. Secondly, we are committed to investing and continually improving our offering to the fine arts and jewelry and species [ph] clients that you were talking about, and we've appointed a new Global CEO of that business, Seth Peller. He is enthusiastically being supported by our organization and by associated organizations, and we intend to grow that business very significantly. As to the overall size of the business we're talking about, it is, as part of the whole of Willis, very small. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mike Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi: A couple of really quick ones. I just wanted to confirm, I just want to make sure I have this right, so we should be expecting a $0.02 tailwind to earnings for the remainder of the year from FX? Is that right? 
John Greene: Yes. Dominic, I'll take this one. The answer is yes. Likely to be in the third quarter. 
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. Got it. Okay, and then as far as thinking about the salary and benefits, just want to make sure I'm think about this right, the $8 million timing on the reinsurance contract in North America, should we be thinking about taking that out when comparing salary and benefit growth to organic? Or is there some salary and benefit element in that $8 million number? 
Dominic Casserley: No, I think that was a -- I think we were referring to a revenue item. But Steve -- let me have Steve clarify that. 
Steven Hearn: That's right, Dominic. It's an $8 million revenue, which in the year won't impact the year. It's going from a quarter to a quarter. 
Michael Nannizzi: Right. I guess, my point is if organic growth was 3.4% and then if we back that out, then organic would be like 2.5%, 2.6% or something versus the organic salary and benefit of 3.3%? Is that -- should we be thinking about it that way? And then should we expect that to sort of flip around in the second quarter? Or that's not how we should be looking at it? 
John Greene: Yes. So Mike, I think the way I would look at it is, I would take a look at the total year and in a particular quarter, depending on the nature of the particular incentive plan and the geography, it could result in an increase in incentives recognized in that quarter and then there are certain triggers when businesses achieve production awards beyond a certain level that create accelerators. So the concept of trying to do this on a quarterly basis with a degree of precision, especially when you don't have that level of access that obviously folks in the company have, would be really hard. So in terms of that $8 million issue, I would look at that as a, kind of, total year. It doesn't change the total year dynamics. The reason we flagged that was, we wanted to make sure you had a view in terms of what was driving the first quarter and give you some insight into the second quarter. 
Dominic Casserley: Let me just reiterate a couple of things that may have just got lost with the overlay of speech there. When John was talking -- confirming the $0.02 tailwind for FX over the course of the rest of the year, that was assuming March 31 rates, which is what you said, John, but that's what the assumption is there. Secondly, his general point that we do really try to get you focused on the trends in our cash flow looking on an annual basis. Things move around each quarter, right? There are timing issues in each quarter, which can affect numbers. We're trying to get -- we gave you guidance for the year in terms of that spread, for instance. It will move around during the course of the quarter based upon the timing of particular revenues being booked, particular expenses being booked. So that's why we're trying to focus you on the annual number. 
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. Great. Speaking on cash just for a second. That $0.13 to $0.17 for Gras Savoye, I'm guessing that, that number -- that's a cash EPS number that's including the impact of debt used -- that you may use to fund it. Is that right? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, that is correct. 
Michael Nannizzi: Do you have a clean -- can we get a clean number from Gras Savoye's, is that possible? Just -- and we can try to figure out what the debt piece is. But can you provide that -- the gross number from Gras Savoye? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, we've given you the 2014 number, right? That's what the EBITDA number is for Gras Savoye in 2014, and we believe it's growing in 2015, as Tim outlined. By the time, we get to the end of the year, we'll have clarity on what it's grown to, but we've given you as best as we can see based upon the first quarter. It's been growing quite nicely. 
John Greene: Just one other point, Mike, if you do follow the financial statements filed in France by Gras Savoye to the regulator, you're going to see French GAAP numbers. So unless you're an expert in French GAAP to U.S. GAAP, it will be pretty, pretty hard to do. So we tried to simplify that for you in the announcement of the transaction. 
Michael Nannizzi: No problem. I'm sorry. I'll follow up later. I said, I meant gross FF, not growth, but I'll follow up with Peter afterwards. And then just last one, still on cash. Thinking about your cash coming in the door and then your cash going out the door for the next couple of years in terms of expenses and other items, do you expect that there may be an opportunity to either reduce some of the debt that you plan to take out with Gras Savoye or return to capital shareholders in the form of reducing the share count net over the next 2 to 3 years? 
Dominic Casserley: So I think our overall capital strategy remains the same, which is we to continue to -- want to invest organically where that involves CapEx. Most obviously, that's the systems spend appropriately, targeted M&A, committed to try and increase the dividend every year, which we've been doing and then finally trying to protect the share count from options exercises. We're going to take on more debt with Gras Savoye. As John said, we see over the next couple of years, despite that, that our debt-to-EBITDA number should come down as we grow. But we will continue to be broadly pursuing that policy of investing in the business and driving our dividend and immunizing our share count. John, do you want to add to that? 
John Greene: Yes, the only thing I would add, Mike, is we have a fairly efficient balance sheet from an equity shareholder standpoint, given the leverage level. We're also investment grade. At this point, the board is certainly committed to maintaining that rating. So what we're trying to do is, in the context of a low rate environment, make sure we're making the best choices in terms of the capital structure, the balance sheet. So the rate environment changes, certainly our planning around the capital structure of the company will change. That's how I think about it. 
Operator: We have one last question on queue. It is from Mr. Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: Two follow-ups. One on the buybacks. You did $50 million this quarter. Does it mean that you're still on track to fulfill the $175 million for the full year? And is there any limitation to do buybacks while you have acquisition pending? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, we are on track. We do -- so it just happened when we started the program. It's all we've done to-date. We're still on track to do the program. We do have some limitations, which we would keep an eye on in terms of if the price went through the roof on our stocks. So do you want to talk further about that, John? 
John Greene: Yes, so the $175 million that we talked about in February, that's what we intend to do. That will offset the share creep, as Dominic mentioned. We did put some thresholds in, in terms of if the stock price goes over a certain level, then from a cash and capital management standpoint, it becomes less -- it makes less sense to accelerate buybacks or continue buybacks. So if that were the case, the buybacks would taper off. 
Kai Pan: Great. And last question to Dominic, given the pending Miller and Gras Savoye are 2 big deal transactions, do you see you would take a pause in term of large-scale acquisitions? And how do you think about risk of going through a big operation restructuring program while managing the 2 big integrations? 
Dominic Casserley: Let me take it in 2 parts. First of all, let me be clear. Our acquisition strategy is not, "let's go out and buy stuff." It's are there interesting specialized franchises, which we think would fit well with our organization, and we believe the people in those organizations want to be part of Willis. And that's how we ended up sitting down some time ago thinking through which franchises are particularly interesting and which groups of people did we think would blend particularly well into Willis. And what you're seeing is the result of that work undertaken some time ago, coming to fruition. And I do not have on the horizon, obviously, anything of the same scale that we're thinking about in terms of an acquisition. Secondly, in terms of the management of the business. The good news is that these are actually largely nonoverlapping activities. So if you think of the Miller integration, that obviously largely involves our management team in London. It is largely a London business and is deeply ingrained into our London businesses, and you know that we're moving some assets from -- some people from Miller to Willis and vice versa, and that is deeply engaging, those management teams. Meanwhile, the Gras Savoye acquisition involves a different management team. Again, in complementary businesses, in this case with hardly any overlap, which makes the integration challenges relatively low and all the upsides in terms of cross-selling and going to clients together, all upside for people. So the reaction internally is incredibly positive about the opportunities it creates internally within Gras Savoye and within Willis. The Operational Improvement Program cuts across elements of that, right, but not all elements at all. And we are very much engaged in making sure that the management of that process does not get intertwined or upset by the acquisition activities. It's sort of not involved in the Gras Savoye side at all. And with Miller, it's not really affecting the bits that are moving back and forth. So all in, we are very comfortable of the way we're managing this.
 I think that was our last question. Is that right? So I'd like to thank, everybody, for coming and joining our call. Reiterate that we are very excited about the growth potential and cash flow potential and shareholder value potential of the 3 parts of our strategy: Organic growth, driving an organic margin development, driving a value-added M&A and the impact over time of our Operational Improvement Program. And we look forward to talking to you again in July. Thank you very much indeed. 
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes today's conference. Thank you, all, for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-11 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, and good afternoon, and good evening, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time.
 I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. Peter Poillon, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin. 
Peter Poillon: Thank you, and welcome to our Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call, which is being hosted by Dominic Casserley, Chief Executive Officer of Willis Group Holdings. A webcast replay of the call, along with a slide presentation to which we'll be referring, can be accessed through our website. If you have any questions after the call, my direct line is +1 (212) 915-8084.
 Please note that we may make certain statements relating to future results, which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated. These statements reflect our opinions only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update them in light of new information or future events. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and for the year ended December 31, 2014, which we expect to file by the end of February and subsequent filings, as well as our earnings press release for a more detailed discussion of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website.
 Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release and slides associated with this call.
 I'll now turn the call over to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Welcome, and thank you for joining our quarterly conference call. I must apologize, I'm at the tail end of a cold, so I will sound a bit nasally on the call. 
 With me today are John Greene, our Chief Financial Officer; Steve Hearn, our Deputy CEO; Tim Wright, Head of Willis International; and Todd Jones, Head of Willis North America.
 Now I want to start our discussion today by reminding you of the 3 key components of our value creation strategy. First, we will drive organic profit and cash flow growth through our diversified portfolio of risk advisory, brokerage and benefits businesses with growth coming from across the group. We are focused on delivering mid-single-digit organic revenue growth. In parallel, we will manage our organic costs to create a healthy gain in organic margin.
 Second, we will manage our targeted acquisitions to create value through stronger revenue performance and improved cash flow. 
 Third, we continue to transform our operational performance with our Operational Improvement Program designed to deliver sustainable cost savings of $300 million from 2018, with a gradual process of cost improvement each year up until then. We expect that the program will add to our underlying margin each year as it starts to do in the fourth quarter of 2014.  
 Combined, these 3 components would drive cash flow and shareholder value.
 Now the reason I remind you of these 3 components is that in the fourth quarter of the year, we saw all 3 of them in action. First, our 3.6% organic commissions and fees growth outpaced our organic expense growth by 90 basis points. And as one would expect, achieving this spread lead to good growth in other important metrics such as operating income, operating margins, net income and ultimately, earnings per share.
 The second leg of our value creation strategy is inorganic growth. In the fourth quarter, we saw the impact of our acquisitions. Our underlying growth, which includes the impact of acquisitions, was 7.2%. You can see from that how the acquisitions, as we drive synergies over the next few quarters, will continue to drive revenues and profits. 
 During the course of 2015, you should see greater impact from Max Matthiessen, which closed in the fourth quarter, and once it is closed, Miller Insurance Services, along with our smaller acquisitions.
 Finally, we had the early impact of our Operational Improvement Program, which contributed $11 million of cost savings in the year and annualized rate of about $34 million. As the program gathers momentum in the next 12 months, its impact will become still more apparent.
 So in sum, the fourth quarter results exhibited all 3 components of our value creation strategy in action. 
 Let me now turn to organic growth. As I just mentioned earlier, group organic commissions and fees grew 3.6%. The segment results, however, were uneven, with one segment, International, growing spectacularly, while Willis Global was close to flat in some challenging environments, and Willis North America was slightly down.
 The strength of our diversified model is such that we can deliver performance at the group level when our business units do not overperform evenly at the same time. We have seen that throughout the year. You should expect that in every quarter, some businesses would be stronger than others, but we expect that the sum will continue to deliver good organic growth.
 Let me now give you a little more detail on each of the segments in turn. And first, Willis International. Our International operations led the way this quarter, growing 15.9%, bringing their organic growth rate for the full year to a very good number of 9%. You know from our press release that this quarter's result had some tailwinds derived from adjustments booked in the previous year's fourth quarter. But even without that impact, International achieved strong organic growth of 11% in the quarter.
 Obviously, the quarter's results are very pleasing, especially given the backdrop of generally low to moderate economic growth across many of the regions served by the International segment. We saw a double-digit growth across almost all of our International region in the quarter, with the growth driven by strong new business wins. 
 Now on this call last quarter, I spoke of the International segment's growth trend outpacing general economic growth rates around the globe. This quarter's results and, indeed, the year's results, demonstrate quite clearly that our strong market positions, combined with discipline on how and where do we compete in each of our markets, mean that we can deliver growth above trend.
 Onto Willis North America. North America was down 2.1% in the quarter, which brings the segment's organic growth from a full year to 2.8%. You may recall that the segment faced a headwind in the quarterly comparison caused by the non-recurrence of the $5 million positive revenue recognition adjustment booked last year related to its Personal Lines business. Excluding that adjustment from last year, North America would have been down by less than 1%.
 Now, you may be wondering whether the slight decline in North America in the fourth quarter is the harbinger of future weakness. Absolutely not. North America's retention levels remain consistent in the low 90s and new business across most of its practices is strong. We are entering 2015 with a strong pipeline of opportunities which supports our confidence in the business overall.
 So weakness in this past quarter was, for the most part, isolated in 2 industries: The Real Estate/Hospitality group and Construction. Construction, which was down mid-single-digits, was driven by weak surety results and simply less construction project work compared to the prior year period. We remain confident that Construction is a real strength for Willis North America and, indeed, all of Willis.
 Positively, we saw good growth in our financial institutions and service industry practices. Now, I'm pleased to say that our 2 largest product-based practices, Human Capital and Finance -- and FINEX, grew mid-single-digits and high single-digits respectively. Both of them also grew solidly for the full year.
 Now onto Willis Global, where organic commissions and fees were down 0.3% in the quarter. For the full year, organic growth was 1.4%. Once again, the quarter's results reflect a blend of results across the components of the segment. 
 Willis Re continue to grow solidly despite significant headwinds from soft rates and some reductions in reinsurance purchasing among the largest insurers. Its organic growth was in the mid-single-digits. Within the reinsurance business, Willis Re International grew double-digits and Willis Re North America grew high single-digits, with both continuing to win new business and exhibit strong retention levels. 
 Overall, we were pleased with our reinsurance results in 2014. Innovation, analytics and strong client service have underpinned the business, and we remain confident that this will continue despite the difficult market conditions, which we expect to persist for the foreseeable future.
 Willis Insurance U.K. declined low single-digits. Our Insolvency and Real Estate businesses were down, and 2 of our largest specialty businesses, P&C and Construction and Transportation, weighed on the result. We had commented previously that the fourth quarter would be a difficult comparison for the P&C and Construction business due to a large project recorded in the prior year quarter. Soft market rates in Transportation, which includes marine, aviation and aerospace, continued to impact results.  Offsetting this was solid growth in our Natural Resources, FAJS and Large Accounts businesses.
 That is a relatively brief overview of our revenues for the quarter. I'm happy to report that we're making good progress on expense growth, and John will take you through that momentarily.
 Importantly, lower expense growth, coupled with our revenue growth in the quarter, has underpinned an improvement in our key underlying metrics this quarter and including EPS of nearly 18%, EBITDA up nearly 12% and margins improved by 100 basis points.
 Now I'm going to ask John to take you through the numbers in a bit more detail. 
John Greene: Thank you, Dominic. Good day to those on the call. I'll be working off the fourth quarter slide deck, which is available on the website.
 Starting at Slide 3, this is a walk-through of our earnings, taking you through recorded and underlying EPS from the fourth quarter 2013 to the fourth quarter 2014. The key point on this slide is the impact of positive operating leverage, with revenue growth outpacing expense growth, creating a $0.10 positive movement in EPS.
 This, as you know, is the first time in 2014 that the business had delivered positive spread in precise [ph] mid-single-digit organic growth and progress with expense management initiatives. Also included is a $12 million settlement for a book of business in our Global segment. There was a comparable $4 million gain in the prior year.
 Our reported EPS includes the restructuring costs related to the Operational Improvement Program, which amounted to $16 million in the quarter. 
 Turning to Slide 4, which takes you through commission and fee growth by segment. The difference between reported and underlying for each segment is the foreign exchange movement. The difference between underlying and organic is the net impact from acquisitions and disposals. 
 You can see that the FX had a negative impact on International and Global C&F when comparing reported and underlying growth. This was driven principally by the 10% depreciation in the euro against the dollar and the 5% weakening of the sterling. 
 When you look at International's underlying results, you see the strong organic growth, coupled with the impact of the acquisitions of Max Matthiessen, Charles Monat and the IFG business, yielding quarter-over-quarter growth of nearly 33%.
 In North America, the 4.9% decline from the prior year reflects the impact of our portfolio management activity. In the fourth quarter, we sold some nonstrategic slow growth offices. Associated with this, we recognized a $13 million gain in nonoperating income. 
 On an organic basis, we expected challenging comparisons given the high growth in the fourth quarter of 2013. However, as Dominic said, we are comfortable with the outlook for 2015.
 Moving on to the total expense walk on Slide 5. From the left, we adjust for $24 million of favorable foreign currency movements in the fourth quarter of 2014. The most significant impact, as you'd expect, was from the euro and sterling depreciation, but we also saw most other currencies fall against the dollar. Underlying expense -- expenses grew by $53 million, of which $33 million was from acquisitions. 
 You'll notice on the slide that for the first time, we've isolated the impact of acquisitions and disposals on our expense base by providing organic numbers -- organic expense growth was 2.7%, so our cost management initiatives in savings from the Operational Improvement Program are starting to come through in our results.
 Slide 6 provides a similar walk of salary and benefit expense. Underlying S&B grew $50 million, or 9.1%, to $600 million. This included a $20 million increase from M&A. Excluding M&A, organic S&B was up 5.5%.
 Looking at the drivers of that growth, organic headcount was up about 1%, salary increases contributed 2% to 3% in line with inflation, and finally, we saw increased production incentives in International tied to the strong sales growth.
 Turning to Slide 7. This shows the S&B trend on an underlying and organic basis by quarter. There are 3 important points here: First, on an organic basis, the first half and the second half S&B is essentially flat. The second point is simply that our 2014 acquisitions added about $25 million to S&B. The final point is related to our headcount management. 
 Organic FTEs are up around 1%. Or -- onshore FTEs, including the impact of acquisitions, are flat, and offshore FTEs in Mumbai increased by 200 during the year. 
 When we look forward to 2015, we should expect to see a continued focus in FTE managing. So you are aware, there will be FTE movements from an M&A activity. We will also see a temporary increase in FTEs as a result of parallel running of roles that are being relocated as part of the Operational Improvement Program, that costs associated with the parallel running is included in the estimates -- estimated programs spend figures we've provided previously.
 So on to our Operational Improvement Program on Slide 8. The full year 2014 spend of $36 million came in slightly below our last estimate of $40 million. This was a result of lower than anticipated severance costs. Savings of $11 million, far ahead of our $8 million estimate. Those savings were largely driven by headcount reduction initiatives related to organizational restructuring. Very little of the savings came from moving roles to lower cost geographies.
 As I indicated in my FTE comments, the relocation of roles will be a significant element of our 2015 work streams. You can see that we have updated our key operational metrics for the program as promised. The metrics are the ratio of FTEs in higher cost versus lower cost locations, the ratios of square footage of real estate per FTE and the ratio of desks per FTEs. The improvements are modest, but it is still early in the program. What is important is that they are all headed in the right direction.
 Finally, as we reflect on the overall progress, we are maintaining our estimate for the total spend and savings, but we're very pleased with the progress to-date.
 Now before I move on to EBITDA, I wanted to point out that we have included in the appendix slides showing other operating expenses in the nonoperating items. These are fairly self explanatory, but I'll be happy to answer questions as part of Q&A.
 Turning to Slide 9. Underlying EBITDA was $193 million in the fourth quarter, up more than 11%. For the full year, underlying EBITDA of $829 million was up a little over 1%. While this is not where we wanted it to be, you know the story, solid revenue growth largely offset by expense growth.  We anticipate that going forward, mid-single-digit organic revenue growth, supplemented by M&A and strong cost management discipline, will allow us to drive EBITDA growth at a better pace.
 Turning to our corporate uses of cash and cash in the balance sheet on Slide 10. In 2014, we invested in our future through M&A and return capital to shareholders. This included $241 million of M&A, $213 million of share buybacks, $113 million of CapEx and $210 million of dividend, a 9% increase from the prior year. This represents outlays of close to $800 million, an increase of nearly $450 million from the prior year. All of this reduced our cash balance by just $161 million, bringing it to $635 million at year-end.
 For 2015, our board approved a 3.3% increase in the dividend together with share buybacks of up to $175 million. The intention of this buyback is the same as 2014, to offset the increase in share count from the exercise of employee stock options.
 Turning to Slide 11. Here's a report guide on the progress we made in 2014 towards our medium-term goals. We delivered mid-single-digit organic C&F growth of 3.8%. Given the delivered investments we made in late 2013, we did not achieve the 70 basis points of positive spread for the year. But we did make good progress in the second half and achieved 90 basis points of positive spread in the fourth quarter.
 Full year underlying EBITDA grew by a little over 1%. As I mentioned earlier, we're not satisfied with that level of growth. But again, we had some good momentum and look forward to improving this. And as I just covered on the previous slide, we executed on all of our capital management objectives.
 Now, one final topic before I hand back to Dominic. As you know, we announced a few weeks ago that we've signed an agreement to acquire an 85% interest in Miller Insurance Services. We expect that we'll close in the second quarter subject to regulatory approval. We are excited about the prospect of joining forces with the leader in the London specialty wholesale segment. I know the analysts listening will be interested in the impact this acquisition will have on the consolidated financials. So I want to comment on a few things. It might help you understand the transaction better.
 First, Miller's publicly filed partnership financial statements in the U.K. are not reported consistent with U.S. GAAP, so it's tricky to analyze it on -- its metrics on a comparable basis. However, I can tell you their pro forma standalone EBITDA margin is roughly in line with ours. 
 As previously announced, we are not just holding Miller as is. We are transferring businesses both ways between Miller and Willis to better align our customer offerings.  This, however, does create a bit of complexity, but we will be transparent with the impacts. 
 Second, as with all acquisitions in this industry, we are acquiring intangible assets. We expect to amortize low assets -- those assets on a standard accelerated basis in line with GAAP, so amortization expense related to this transaction will be relatively high in the early years. 
 To provide a little more granularity, assuming the deal closes late in the second quarter, we expect that we'll be broadly earnings neutral from 2015 through 2017. However, when you exclude the noncash impact of amortization expense, this transaction is accretive in the range of $0.04 to $0.06 in 2015 and $0.10 to $0.15 in both 2016 and '17. We will pay a little over 60% of the cash component of the consideration at closing, and make 3 equal payments over the next 3 years tied to retention of key leaders. There is also a potential earn-out payment after 3 years based on superior performance.
 We assure you we remain disciplined in our valuation approach. I hope this is helpful as you think about the impact of the transaction. 
 With that, I'll hand it back over to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Thank you, John. So to close, how do we see 2015? While market conditions are far from ideal across our industry, I am convinced that the balance of our diversified portfolio, coupled with the continuous improvement in how we bring all of Willis to benefit our plans, will drive future growth. This growth may not be evenly spread across all our businesses every quarter. But overall, we have enough growth engines to drive mid-single-digit organic revenue growth.
 I note, once again, that we're progressing nicely in our expense management initiatives. We finally lapped the investments we made in late 2013. We have made good progress on our Operational Improvement Program, finding ourselves slightly ahead of schedule on most metrics. That gives us all confidence about our ability to achieve the expected results.  We will provide you with a full update on progress on that program with our second quarter 2015 results in July.
 And during 2015, you should see our acquisitions delivering more to our results. In that context, as you know, by the end of April, we need to make a decision about whether we intend to exercise our option to buy the remaining 70% of Gras Savoye we do not own. Gras Savoye has franchises in France, Belgium, Eastern Europe and Africa with, as you have seen from our Associates line, improving results in 2014. It is a potentially significant and differentiating addition to the Willis family. We will update you on our deliberations on that possibility towards the end of April.
 So all in all, notwithstanding some challenging market conditions and the fact that performance won't be even across every quarter, I am excited that the 3 elements of our value creation plan will work well in the full year 2015. 
 Let me go over the 3 components again. First, to drive organic profit growth. During the year, we expect to see mid-single-digit revenue growth despite the challenges in some of our markets and improvements in our organic margin.
 Second, invest strategically and in a disciplined manner in specialized businesses. For the year, we expect to see our existing larger acquisitions, Charles Monat, Max Matthiessen, and for part of the year, Miller, to deliver between $55 million and $65 million of EBITDA to the group's results.
 And third, continue to implement our Operational Improvement Program. Recall that on an earlier slide, we reported that we expect to achieve at least $60 million of in-year savings in 2015. We will update you on that figure in July.
 At this time, however, we expect that by the end of 2015, we will have completed projects associated with the program that on a full year run rate basis, will deliver over $150 million of savings. That is half of our original projected $300 million of savings. 
 Now, far from all of that $150 million will impact 2015, as many of these projects only lead to changes in our cost base towards the end of the year or into early 2016. But overall, we believe the impact of our organic cost management actions, combined with the impact in 2015 of our Operational Improvement Program, will allow us to deliver at least 130 basis points gap between organic revenue and organic cost growth in 2015, with more of that spread coming in the second half of the year than the first.
 Together, these 3 elements of our value creation strategy will drive growth in earnings, improve our margins and increase our cash flow. All, ultimately, to drive shareholder value.
 With that, I would turn it over to you for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Cliff Gallant, Nomura. 
Clifford Gallant: I appreciate the comments on your outlook for 2015. I want to follow-up a little bit. A competitor of yours discussed headwinds in 2015 from low interest rates and the impact of a strong dollar. I was wondering if you could discuss those issues as you look forward to 2015? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, certainly, I mean, we -- certainly, not to predict the interest rate environment, but I think that most people presume that interest rates would be low. So we continue to believe that our interest income, which in previous years way back in time, was an important part of the P&L, would be a very low number. We have -- obviously, interest rates can also, in some ways, affect things like pension valuations, so we factored all that in. We know what that might do. 
 As to the strong dollar, obviously, our underlying numbers, the numbers that we often have you focus on, we strip out the impact of FX changes year-to-year and -- because sometimes they hurt us, sometimes they don't hurt us. So all in all, when we look at how our underlying EPS will perform, we've factored in all the things you talk about into how we see 2015. 
John Greene: Dominic, if I can add, in terms of FX, we do see a little bit of headwind from the strong dollar. So if currency rates were to remain exactly where they are as of the end of the year, we would probably have something in the neighborhood of $0.03 to $0.07 worth of pressure on EPS from a reported standpoint. 
 Now that will be uneven in the year. The first portion would be -- or the most predominant portion would be in the first half of the year, and then the impacts would tail out towards the second half. 
Clifford Gallant: Okay. But if I could have one follow-up. The Miller transaction, I was wondering if you could talk a little bit more about it, about the strategic thinking behind the deal and why the structure as you've done it? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, absolutely. We are very excited about both those things, the strategic opportunity in the wholesale market in London, and the way in which we have structured this to retain the attractiveness, the talent going into Miller. I'm going to have Steve Hearn provide a bit more background about how we see this. 
Steven Hearn: Thanks, Dominic. Thanks for the question. So Miller, I think, people would recognize, generally in our industry, as being the preeminent private London wholesaler and an opportunity for us to work with a business that has consistently performed over many years in a partnership model. An opportunity for us to take an investment in that business and to participate in what we believe, strategically, can be quite an interesting environment in the London insurance market. There's about 200 insurance broking firms in the London insurance market, and we're seeing a trend towards consolidation there and a flight to quality of client and team and carrier as they move towards more alignment around stronger, better players, and clients looking, obviously, for more and better service. So we see an opportunity to sustain them in a partnership in the Miller brand, and use that a way -- as a way of accessing that particular part of the market. 
 At the same time, we have a history as Willis of being in the wholesale business. And in fact, only a couple of decades ago, Willis would have been renowned as a wholesaler, and we still have some core parts of our organization in London which are wholesale in nature. And as we've announced, we'll be moving some of those businesses to sit within Miller, and we think those businesses will be nurtured and grown very well by the management team in Miller. Likewise, there are some businesses within Miller that we think will work better for us, it will be served better by sitting within Willis, and probably the best example of that would be the Treaty Reinsurance business in Miller, which we will be moving into Willis Re, which, as you've seen as, again, performed very well for us in 2014. 
Operator: Next question is from Sarah DeWitt, JPMorgan. 
Sarah DeWitt: On your guidance for mid-single-digit organic revenue growth in 2015, that will be up from 2.9% x unusual items in the fourth quarter. So could you just elaborate on what's driving that and how you think about the run rate by segment? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, I can give you some generic view. We could -- we've been saying, Sarah, for some time that we see the portfolio of businesses we have being able to deliver mid-single-digit organic revenue growth. And I think we made very clear how we see, at least, the early views on the North American business. We continue to believe we have a very strong North American business, and we're very comfortable with the pipelines, momentum we have in that business. 
 You've seen how International has now performed over prolonged period of time, both -- it benefits from both the quality of our teams and their ability to win market share and some underlying growth in some of the markets. The combination have been highly effective. 
 And as you've seen, we've announced a restructuring of a group into 4 segments going forward. And so we have a slight change in configuration on what used to be called Global. And we think that more management focus on different parts of Global, combined with the unwinding of some turnaround activity we've had in the last 18 months, particularly in our U.K. business, gives us some confidence that we'll see growth there too. 
 But I would reiterate, Sarah, what we've said again and again, and I said on my call, it is the diversified nature of our growth engines which gives us confidence that, through the quarters, we will deliver mid-single-digit on net organic revenue growth. Some parts will be up more than others in any particular quarter. But over the course of the year, we are confident of where we are. 
Sarah DeWitt: Okay. And then, on the amortization expense, after the close of the Miller transaction, what do you view as the right run rate for the total company's quarterly amortization expense? 
John Greene: Yes. So I'll take that one, Dominic. So we'll see amortization, without Miller, of just about where we were in 2014. So we're expecting a mild uptick to maybe $57 million worth of amortization without Miller. And then, in my comments, I talked about the impact of the amortization on a EPS standpoint with and without the amortization. So those figures, you can calculate those on the back of the envelope. 
 Quite honestly, the transaction is subject to final closing. And as Steve alluded to, and I talked about in my comments, the movement of businesses from Willis into Miller, and some businesses from Miller into Willis, will create a little bit of challenge in terms of trying to provide you with specific number on amortization at this point. We also have a final balance sheet true-up that is yet to be calculated. 
 So I would stick with the guidance that we've provided. We were explicit and thoughtful in the way we did that. 
Operator: Next question is from Kai Pan, Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: The first question is on the 130 basis points spread target for -- between the revenue growth, organic revenue growth and organic expense growth. So it's great you have these deep -- specific goals, but what give you confidence you can achieve that? And in the case that your top line organic growth is below your mid-single-digits target, given some market reasons, will you still be able to deliver that? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, obviously, our 130 basis point margin -- or not margin, it would be the gap between revenue growth and cost growth organically that we're forecasting for 2015, is a mix of how we see revenues developing, how we see our normal organic expense management initiatives and the flow-through of the Operational Improvement Program during the course of the year. That's why we have confidence in that number. 
 Now, if you were to tell me that our revenue growth was to fall well below the range of mid-single-digits we're talking about into something that you can no longer call mid-single-digits, clearly, that number would be -- start to be challenged, but I think we would continue to believe we will produce the spread. But if you drive the revenues way, way down in any model you have, of course, you'll get less of the spread. We don't see it that way. We don't see it that way at all. And we're very comfortable with what we're saying. 
John Greene: And if I could just add there. There is one additional buffer there. So if the revenue doesn't come in the way we anticipated, our compensation expense of 20% is variable in nature, so tied to production incentives. So that will also reduce should the top line not come in where we're anticipating. 
Kai Pan: Great. And then, my second question is on your sort of cash and position. Given the acquisition you have done so far and also the pending Gras Savoye, you need to make a decision soon, how do you think your cash position given your projected free cash flow? Do you need to borrow more? 
John Greene: Yes. So when we look at 2015, we have an explicit assumption that Gras Savoye closes currently in 2016 should the board authorize the option. 
 So leaving that aside, 2015, the way we're looking at the cash generation of the business, even with the acquisition of Miller, we don't see the need to go out and issue more debt. There's a possibility that we'll pull on the credit line a little bit. As you know, we have a $800 million credit line. At the end of the year, there was 0 on that credit line. So there's certainly capacity within the business in '15 without issuing new debt. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Gelb, Barclays. 
Jay Gelb: For the first quarter, which is by far the largest contributor to earnings seasonally over the course of the year typically, would you still expect the spread to be positive between revenue growth and expense growth and, possibly, even better than what we saw on the fourth quarter? 
Dominic Casserley: No, we -- Jay, we're forecasting our spread over the course of the year. I've said it will be more oriented towards the second half of the year, but clearly, our expectation is we'll produce a positive spread each quarter. But it's very much going to be the overall number you're going to see in 2015 will be more weighted towards spread performance in the second half of the year. 
Jay Gelb: Okay, that's helpful. On North America organic growth, in addition to tough comps year-over-year in terms of -- resulting in a slightly negative organic growth number in 4Q, is there anything else that you would view as a risk to not being able to show positive organic growth in North America during 2015? 
Dominic Casserley: Let me turn over to Todd Jones to answer that one. 
Todd Jones: Yes. Jay, the short answer is no. I mean, we try to be very definitive about the performance in the quarter and what was driving that. And as Dominic talked about the retention levels remain strong in the low 90s, our new business performance is strong as well. So we're going into 2015, specifically in Q1 and the full year, confident in the underlying business for sure. 
Jay Gelb: Okay. And a final one, for the share count for 2015. Will the buyback essentially offset dilution from exercise of options resulting in essentially a flat share count for the year? 
Dominic Casserley: Pretty much, but that's the plan. So we set -- what we do, Jay, is every year, we look at -- I say every year, now we're now into the second year of doing this, we look at the share options exercised during the course of the year. So in this case, during the course of 2014. And we're now buying back enough to offset that. 
Operator: Our next question is from Josh Shanker, Deutsche Bank. 
Joshua Shanker: My question involves the $11 million you've saved so far with the Operational Improvement Program. Are these jobs that have actually been severed? Or is the $11 million salary that you continue to pay to people until the time that you sever them because you've identified them as severance? 
Dominic Casserley: These are real changes to the quantitive results of the firm, right? So these are real changes to the actual numbers of people in organization, so we're -- they're out. And that's why we're saying that the impact of our actions in 2015, you will see more of the impact of those in the second half of the year because, obviously, they only flow through the P&L when we've stopped paying people, or they -- or the roles have been moved to a lower cost location and the roles that existed in the high cost locations are no longer being paid for. 
John Greene: Yes. 
Joshua Shanker: So when I see that you've paid $16 million in termination benefits, can I expect going into 2015 that a significant portion of it is run rate savings that you're going to see on a quarter-to-quarter basis? 
Dominic Casserley: Could you ask that question again? Didn't quite -- I didn't quite -- just ask it again? 
Joshua Shanker: Yes. So far, you've said termination benefits, I think you've said $16 million -- you've spent $16 million in termination benefits. In 1Q '15, is the vast majority of that non-repeating salaries that will be taken up because you've let those people go? Or how should I think about that $16 million, what it's composed of? 
John Greene: Yes. So Dominic, why don't I take that? So yes, for the quarter, there was $36 million restructuring charges. Josh, as you know, $16 million was termination benefits, and that broke down between North America, International, Global. And we anticipate that the salary associated with that termination benefits will have left the organization. So we know, for example, that there were approximately 300 people net that came out of the organization that comprise that $16 million of termination benefits. So there is selective reinvestment in certain areas which makes the comparison, I'll say, dollar for dollar, a little bit more challenging. And there is inflation, as you know, between 2% and 3% when you take a look at our entire organization. 
 So you can think about this as, yes, it's real dollars out, there's some inflation going up against that, and there's some mild reinvestment. But the intention is, as we've said, and we're in -- and so far we've done a pretty darn good job in terms of executing against it, is that the majority of this stuff is going to drop down to the bottom line. 
Dominic Casserley: And we said, I think in my opening remarks, that the cost savings we saw this year of $11 million, the annualized rate of those was $34 million, right? So that -- that's, I think, a clear way of thinking about what impact is. 
Joshua Shanker: That's excellent. And just to understand, by the time someone has been identified as a potential redundancy, how long will you be paying salaries and termination benefits for that individual before they come out of the pool? 
Dominic Casserley: That is from where they are. 
John Greene: Yes. It's very specific to geography. So if you think about France, so it's closer to 12 months. Some -- Spain, it can be 12 months. North America, it's a function of time with the group. On average, it would be somewhere between 3 and 6 months. In the U.K., it's typically 6 months, is the average -- 3 to 6 months. 
Operator: And the next question is from Vinay Misquith of Evercore. 
Vinay Misquith: The first question, I was wondering if you could give us color on the slow down in growth in North America and maybe to an extent Global. To what extent do you think it's just purely because of timing versus -- sorry, maybe some concerns around the restructuring efforts? 
Dominic Casserley: Todd, you want to talk about North America? 
Todd Jones: Yes, sure. I think your analysis around the timing is a good one as we think about North America, and specifically, which is why we focused our comments on the Construction business, which by nature, due to some of the project-related revenue, we're going to have some unevenness in terms of the performance of that business. 
 We certainly don't think, as we talked about through this call, that there's anything to suggest, anything other than optimism for 2015 about the business. And then, I think the impact of both the Operational Improvement Program and some of the underlying strategies that we're executing on, I think we actually see those helping the business and supporting the growth efforts into 2015 and as we think about years further out. 
Vinay Misquith: Sure, I mean... 
Dominic Casserley: Do you want -- so the global perspective. So I think the question in there was were the restructuring efforts anything to do with the economic performance in the quarter. And no is the emphatic to answer to that. It didn't drive a downturn in our revenue at all. And again, like Todd, we see the restructuring as a positive enabler for us as a business, not an impediment. 
 There are 2 bits to Global. Firstly, the reinsurance business, which is Global. And as you've seen, the firm again, had a very, very good strong quarter and particularly relative to its competitors and the headwinds that challenged it. Our U.K. Insurance business, as we've talked about before, is a sum of its parts. So there's some things in there that performed very well in the quarter, some which didn't do quite so well, and some which really struggled both in the quarter and through the years. So it's a number of different things driving the quarter's result. But certainly, not resulting from the restructuring efforts. 
Vinay Misquith: Okay, that's helpful. And just wanted to clarify that the -- the movement of employees, that's really from a support staff perspective, correct? That's not really impacting the producers? 
Dominic Casserley: That is right. The Operational Improvement Program is focused on what we're calling the mid and back office activities. And it's -- you've heard us describe the program, but the movement of staff is around people in those roles. 
Vinay Misquith: Sure. And then, just one last question, numbers question. The tax rate picked up to 25% this year. So what's the normalized tax rate we should be expecting for the future? 
John Greene: Yes. So I'll take that one. We expect the tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 27%. We -- it will be a function of the composition of the earnings throughout the globe, that's why there's a range there for planning your models. 25% is probably not a bad number. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brian Meredith, UBS. 
Brian Meredith: Yes. So 1 or 2 quick questions here, and correct me if I'm not thinking about this correctly. But if I look at what your planned expense savings are in 2015 of $16 million, that comes out to about 2% of the '14 expenses, yet you're only looking for 130 basis points of -- kind of spread between revenues and expense growth. Does that imply that you expect underlying organic expenses to grow faster than revenues this year? And if so, why? 
Dominic Casserley: So we're obviously taking a buffer in there for how we think the year will turn out in terms of performance. But there is, obviously, as we said all along, Willis is a growth business. We have significant growth opportunities around world. And so we -- you should not imagine that because we're focused on expense management, we aren't also focused on taking advantage of revenue opportunities in markets like China, Latin America, just 2 examples. 
 So we are investing against our growth opportunities. But broadly, we're very comfortable with where we see the combination of all those things turning out in terms of our results and the spread we can achieve in 2015, and our continued ability to invest behind revenue-producing opportunities for '15, '16 and beyond. 
Brian Meredith: I -- can you maybe elaborate a little bit on the investment spend? And the reason I'm asking, Dominic, is if this restructuring program wasn't going on, would that be what's happening -- is that what we should expect from Willis longer term? Is it expense growth outpaces revenue growth, if you don't have some kind of an expense save program going on? I mean, the other brokers, that's not the case. 
Dominic Casserley: No, no, no. Our math show that we're still achieving an organic spread without the restructuring program. 
Brian Meredith: Without it, you're still achieving organic spread? Okay. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, absolutely. 
Operator: Your next question is from Thomas Mitchell, Miller Tabak. 
Thomas Mitchell: I have a couple of questions that I may just have misunderstood. But the $12 million in settlement proceeds that came in, does that flow through to underlying earnings per share, the $0.46? Or is that excluded? 
John Greene: No. The $12 million is included in the underlying. It's not part of commission and fees. It's other operating income. It's part of revenue. 
 In the prior year, there was $4 million related to a similar type settlement. And in this industry, occasionally, when certain producer groups or books of business end up moving, in order to avoid litigation or lock-up periods for employees, many times the receiver of those resources will pay a settlement. And that's what we had in the quarter. 
Thomas Mitchell: Right. But if we're putting a model together, we don't expect that every quarter? We don't expect settlement funds to keep flowing in every quarter? 
John Greene: No, I certainly would hope not. 
Thomas Mitchell: Okay, fine, because that means you've lost producers. Okay, fine, that's very helpful. 
 Now the other question is also about other expenses. I just noticed that -- and again, you correct me if I'm wrong, but the growth in salaries and benefits on an organic basis was well above organic growth in fees and commissions, so that the positive operating leverage from the quarter came, essentially viewed that way, from a reduction in other operating expenses. 
 First of all, is that a correct way to look at it? And then second of all, going forward, what would -- what should we look for in that area? 
Dominic Casserley: Let me have a thorough answer to that one, John, gets to the numbers. The reduction of other operating expenses is part of our ongoing expense initiative. It reflects some rationalization we did in terms of some of our specific branding spend we did in 2014. And we think that's a good set of scrutiny and initiatives we did. 
 The 20 -- the salary and benefits numbers had some peculiarities in them, which John would go through, related to our prior year comparison and some specific incentives paid in International, which made the number look large. Why don't you talk about that? 
John Greene: Yes, exactly. So in terms of -- let me start with other operating expenses. So our other operating expenses did go down in the quarter versus the prior year quarter. As Dominic said, there were some marketing and brand-related expenditures that did not repeat in '14. 
 There was also, just as part of our overall expense management, we took a look at systems infrastructure. And we found a particular system that had market appeal and we didn't feel like we're the best owners of it. We sold it and we had a $3 million reduction to expense in the fourth quarter. 
 In terms of the salary and benefit growth in the fourth quarter, it was 5.5%, as I said in my prepared remarks. I also included in the slide deck that page that showed that S&B from an organic standpoint between the first half and the second half of 2014 was essentially flat. The reason I thought that was important was because in the fourth quarter itself, in terms of the production awards, the International segment had a couple of triggers that took a adjustment in the fourth quarter up that didn't exist in the previous quarters. So if we straight line that, had we had a perfect insight in terms of how International would have done, there would have been a much more smooth S&B between quarter and quarter. So that's one component of it. 
 The other component of it is, frankly, a level of inflation. So we have significant operations in Asia and in Latin America. The inflation rates in those countries are much greater than the U.S. or the U.K. So on a blended basis, we have inflation of about 2% to 3% reflected in 2014 versus 2013. 
 So one of the levers that we're continuing to focus on is the FTEs that we have. They're a big piece of the cost base. The Operational Improvement Program is in place in order to ensure our FTE base is as cost-effective as it possibly can. And we're going to continue to drive those numbers. 
Operator: All right. Next question is from Bob Glasspiegel of Janney Capital. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Can you walk us through what the acquired revenues look like for 2015 for modeling purposes? And also, what the minority interest calculation might look like for the last 3 quarters? 
Dominic Casserley: For the last 3 quarters? 
Robert Glasspiegel: Miller, I guess, won't you be taking 15% out if you only own 85%? 
Dominic Casserley: I'm sorry. Yes, yes. 
John Greene: Yes, yes. So in terms of the minority interest related to Miller, we're not -- we're actually not going to get on that level of granularity on this call. We haven't closed the transaction. We have a number of elements we have to work through. 
 In terms of the M&A numbers, we have included within the press release detail of what those numbers are. Now, typical convention when we look at these is that we'll produce 12 months of revenue as inorganic, and then it falls off and becomes organic. So an easy kind of analysis on that would be actually quite difficult for this call. And honestly, at this point, I prefer not to go through that. 
Dominic Casserley: We can go back to you, Bob. We said -- I think what we think what the EBITDA impact in 2015 of these acquisitions will be, right? And we can't give you the exact minority number against Miller because we haven't closed the transaction and there are lots of moving parts between it, as John explained. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. I'll -- on the LP, there were some follow-ups. 
Dominic Casserley: That's fine. 
Robert Glasspiegel: But I think there's still an equation with too many unknowns to have our specific components be reasonable, and it's going to impact margins analysis. But certainly, we can do it. 
 A more strategic question. You guys haven't given short-term guidance in many, many years. And it seems to fly in the face of your sort of native instincts. The little that I've gotten to know you to put a target out there that we can shoot at. What's the tactical reason that you're going back to giving guidance? And can we read into this that you've got a level of confidence, that you're seeing things behind the numbers that give you confidence that you can actually put a target out there to shoot for? 
Dominic Casserley: So, Bob, the reason we've done this is that if you will remember that about 18 months ago, we had an investor conference and gave medium-term guidance on revenues and what we saw in terms of between the spread between our revenues and costs. We've been very clear that in 2014 that we did pretty well on the revenue target, we did -- certainly did not do so well on the gap between revenues and costs. And therefore, this time, we thought it was important that our markets and investors understood what -- how we saw 2015, specifically operating on that margin spread given what we've said 18 months ago. 
 As to the second part of your question, as to confidence, we wouldn't have said it if we weren't confident. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. So we could look that you're going to be giving near-term earnings guidance on a go-forward basis? I mean, once you start giving guidance, you sort of have to stick with it, I think? 
Dominic Casserley: That -- what we were clearly not be doing, Bob, is giving quarterly guidance. And we will -- when we get to this call next year, we'll decide what we want to do in terms of, again, reassuring people about how we see the 2 key components of organic performance, which are how we see revenue growth and how we see the spread between our revenues and costs. But we are definitely not getting into the game of quarterly guidance. 
Operator: All right. Our next question is from Mike Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi: Just a couple here. On the International segment, you've lots of organic growth there, but it didn't seem like margins really reacted that much. Is -- I'm guessing there were some expense investment. Just trying to get an understanding of the operating leverage in that segment, and how we should think about how much organic growth should help to support margin expansion there. 
Dominic Casserley: So let me hand over to Tim to talk about the dynamics of that International portfolio. 
Timothy Wright: Thank you. Thanks for the question, Mike. Obviously, we had very strong revenue growth in the quarter, even adjusting for the revenue recognition change last year. And there was margin expansion, but it was modest, as you say. 
 I would say, not to repeat everything that John just said, but I think he covered it because these are high-growth markets. There are costs associated with that growth. But also, we did have some exceptional incentive payments that were triggered in the quarter that probably narrowed that margin even further than you'd expect it to be on an ongoing basis. 
 So we are absolutely, in the International segment, looking to achieve a positive operating leverage on the back of strong continued growth. 
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. And then, just on that nickel or so of other income, that -- the settlement of that contract. I'm just curious, I mean, so when you think about underlying, should we be thinking about that as the kind of -- sort of run rate earnings? And if so, it sounds like that's a one-time item, is there a reason that we should think about that being part of what would otherwise be kind of interpreted as an underlying earnings number? 
John Greene: Yes. So there -- what we try to do is be consistent with how we've treated it in the past actually. So I mentioned in my comments that there was $4 million gain or settlement in 2013 fourth quarter. And in previous quarters and previous years, those sorts of settlements have come through other operating income. Now, this is -- I appreciate it is sticking out. The quantum of the settlement is 3x bigger than the number last year. So from my standpoint, these settlements mean -- typically means some producers are going somewhere else. In this case, they did not go to a competitor, to be clear. So it's not something we plan for, nor do we budget it. So I would say there's a trend through history that indicates that there will be some sort of settlement. Now I would expect that $12 million is an outlier. 
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. And then, just on the share issuance in '15 and the offsetting buybacks. I mean, is this something we should expect will continue? I mean, is there a backlog of options that are sort of coming through, and so you kind of see or get some idea of how that's going to play out? Or is -- are we going to be through the bulk of that, if you do have that level of visibility in '15? And at some point, we can think about buyback reducing the share count. How should we think about that dynamic? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, at the moment, we've just set a policy, Mike, which is about offsetting that effect of share option issuance. That's how we set our buyback, that's how we're going to manage it for 2015. 
 So we're offsetting the '14 issuance in '15. We're going to monitor what happens in '15 in terms of how much we have. And then, we'll make another decision at the end of the year. But we made clear now, it's -- you can say it's only 2 years, we've made clear that our ingoing starting approach is that we at least be to offset that impact on the share count. 
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. So we shouldn't be thinking beyond '15 that there's an opportunity for that share count to just net come down, that we should be just thinking about the buybacks and share issuance sort of neutralizing one another? 
Dominic Casserley: That would be an ingoing modeling assumption, yes. 
Operator: The next question is from Meyer Shields, KW -- KBW. 
Meyer Shields: I guess, a couple of questions. With Gras Savoye, there is a $6 million improvement in the -- in your share of the results from fourth quarter last year to this year. Can you break that down between FX movements and actual fundamental improvement? 
Dominic Casserley: Let me give -- while John thinks about that, let me give you some overalls. So 2013 was an unusual year for Gras Savoye. They were doing their Operational Improvement Program, if you like -- or the first levels of it. And those costs ran through all the numbers in 2013. A little bit into 2014, but mainly in 2013. So we had some delta and that program, therefore, didn't affect the numbers very much in 2014. 
 But nevertheless, the underlying performance of the business did improve and has been improving, and we feel good about that in terms of... 
John Greene: Yes. 
Dominic Casserley: Its contributions to us. So that's in terms of the underlying what's going on. 
 Now I think we have John to think about FX here. 
John Greene: And I've thought about it, Dominic, and I don't have a specific answer on that at this point related to Gras Savoye. 
 The improvement, as Dominic said, from what we've seen, both looking at the financials from the business, as well as the activities that have happened, there's fundamental operational improvements in Gras Savoye that is driving the improvement. But what we'll do -- what we will do after the call is we'll post some information, and Peter will get back to you, Meyer, if that's okay. 
Dominic Casserley: Tim, you want to tie into [ph] this? Yes, Tim Wright. 
Timothy Wright: Just a very small point. But Gras Savoye, obviously, is predominantly euro denominated. 2/3 of this businesses is in France, 1/3 of its business is outside. Some of that business outside also has a euro linkage. But there is a significant proportion, maybe 1/4, that is non-euro denominated, and actually may even benefit from improvements in the dollar position. So there is a degree of offsetting complexity even within their numbers. It's not just a straight euro play. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. Okay? 
Meyer Shields: Okay, that's very helpful. If you decide to buy Gras Savoye, what currency do you pay for it? Was that euros? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. The transaction is denominated in euros. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. Are there any hedging -- is it too early to consider hedging given how strong the dollar has been relative to the euro recently? 
John Greene: So Meyer, we actually looked at that. And at this point, we don't have a decision from the board. The management team is going to come through and make a recommendation. But the board has, in terms of preliminary discussions, been supportive. The final outcome will depend on due diligence. 
 In terms of -- from that decision point through to the end of the year, when we look at the forward rates, the euro interest rates are going to be low for some time based on those curves. We looked at locking in rates, and actually we found that to lock them in at this point, it would be uneconomical based on our projections of the interests -- interest rates. But we're going to continue to evaluate that shortly after we have the decision from the board. 
Dominic Casserley: And I'll remind you that the present structure is for us not to close that transaction until the summer of 2016. So we're looking quite far out at this point in terms of the hedge we'd have to do. 
Meyer Shields: Okay, no, that's helpful. And one more question, if I can. Just -- I'm not sure I understood -- whether the expectation for mid-single-digit organic growth, does that apply over the course of the year to all 4 of the new segments? 
Dominic Casserley: No. As I've said very clearly, I think, a number of times, we see the combination of our portfolio delivering that growth. You saw in the fourth quarter how it was quite uneven, but we delivered mid-single-digit. And we think, during the course of the year, the portfolio will continue to perform strongly in that mid-single-digit range quarter-to-quarter, some will be up more than others. 
 Often, as you know, the comparison can be simply relating to a particularly strong or a particularly less strong quarter can affect the percentage delta. So again, I would have you focus on the portfolio and how it's going to perform. 
Operator: Next question is from Adam Klauber of William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: A question on cash. Look like you used roughly $770 million of cash. When I look at the -- your release, I think you generated cash -- sorry, I lost my number -- generated cash around $460 million. You ran down cash by another $160 million. So there's like a $100 million, $120 million gap of where cash came from. Where did that extra cash come from? 
Dominic Casserley: So you're right, the -- we've been continuing to work hard on our cash management activities, and we'll continue to do so. And the combination of those myriad of things has enabled us to continue to drive our management of cash. 
 John, do you want to talk more about that? 
John Greene: Yes, sure. So there's cash from earnings, certainly. We also had sales of slow growth offices in North America, which I think the cash impact there was $70 million, $80 million positive. We had this settlement that we talked about for another $12 million. And that's -- those are big chunky items -- and then the rest is through working capital. 
 We've had a pretty consistent effort to try to do 2 things on the working capital piece. One was extend payable days. We've done that, that will turn into about $20 million of cash in terms of bringing it forward. And then, on the receivables, we just begin -- begun starting work on that to -- and shorten that conversion cycle from, essentially, billing to remittance. And we're hopeful that, that will enhance the cash position in 2015. 
Adam Klauber: Okay. So as we think about 2015, right now you have $635 million of cash. Can that balance come down somewhat again? And... 
John Greene: Yes, yes. So the way we think about it right now is that in terms of the cash that we need for working capital purposes, as well as from a regulatory standpoint and, in particular, geographies is between $400 million and $300 million. So that means there's, call it, $300 million of cash available for investing opportunities. 
Dominic Casserley: So that's why we are very comfortable in thinking through our ability to absorb the Miller payments and continue to do the share repurchases during 2015 with some call maybe upon our revolver, but not having to issue more debt, so that's how we're comfortable there. 
Adam Klauber: Okay, that makes sense. And then, one question on Miller, just want to hear -- very good, a very good organization, so a very good deal. Will that be the majority -- I think, you mentioned $55 million of potential additional EBITDA. Will that be a majority coming -- is it coming from Miller? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, so honestly, it depends when we close exactly how much of it will come from Miller. But the combination of the continuation of Charles Monat, Max Matthiessen, some smaller deals, I think will continue to be the majority in 2015. 
Operator: Our last question is from Mark Hughes of SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: When you look for the faster growth in revenues than expenses, should we start on a base if we're doing some modeling at the 18% organic operating margin or the 17% reported operating margin? 
Dominic Casserley: It depends what you want to model, I think. So let me tell you how we think about this to help you think about it. Obviously, why we've given you more transparency this time around is to help -- is to make sure you see more clearly how our organic business is performing and be very much, when we're doing our additional planning, we look at our organic business for the coming year and how we'd see that performing, okay? So we're interested, obviously, in how we see that model approval [ph]. Then we lay on top of that, acquisitions and how we see that -- they impact. And then, we think through what's the impact of the Operational Improvement Program in year because, as we said to you, when the impact of the Operational Improvement Program actually hits the numbers depends on, frankly, timing of when projects are finished, when people actually move, when the people actually leave the organization. 
 So we think through those components. And so we have an organic view of the firm, and then we have, if you like, an underlying view of the firm, which relates to these various things. And that's how we model it, and we're obviously interested in driving EBITDA coming out of all of those different ways of looking at the company and the margin in both of them. 
Mark Hughes: Right. So when you provided the guidance, your thought was -- the base for 2014 was the organic performance of the business rather than the reported, which was about, as you say, about 100 basis points lower? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, yes. So the -- when we said that revenues will grow faster than expense growth by 130 basis points, that is -- and we said that's organic revenues, and the impact of organic expense actions, and the impact of the Operational Improvement Program in 2015. 
Operator: All right, there are no other questions at this time. 
Dominic Casserley: Thank you very much. Thank you very much, everybody. We look forward to talking to you again at the end of our first quarter. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you. This completes today's conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-10-29 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome and thank you all for standing by. [Operator Instructions] This call is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this point. 
 Now I'll turn the meeting over to the Director of Investor Relations, Mr. Peter Poillon. Sir, you may begin. 
Peter Poillon: Thank you, and welcome to our Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call, which is being hosted by Dominic Casserley, Chief Executive Officer of Willis Group Holdings. A webcast replay of the call, along with the slide presentation to which we'll be referring, can be accessed through our website. If you have any questions after the call, my direct line is +1 (212) 915-8084.
 Please note that we may make certain statements relating to future results, which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated. These statements reflect our opinions only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update them in light of new information or future events. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013 and subsequent filings as well as our earnings press release for a more detailed discussion of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website. 
 Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in our press release and slides associated with this call.
 I'll now turn the call over to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Welcome, and thank you for joining our quarterly conference call. With me today are John Greene, our Chief Financial Officer; Steve Hearn, our deputy CEO and head of Willis Global; Tim Wright, head of Willis International; and Todd Jones, head of Willis North America. 
 By now, you've had a chance to read the news release that we put out last night announcing our third quarter earnings. On this call, John and I will give our prepared remarks and then we'll move to Q&A.
 To begin, I'd like to provide some comments on this quarter's results, primarily on our organic commissions and fees growth and our underlying expense growth. Through the first half of 2014, we had grown our commissions and fees organically by 4.3%. This quarter, growth for the group slowed to 2.5%, which is disappointing as it is below our first half results. It is important, however, to get below this headline number to see that the decline is isolated in a few areas, and that many of our regions and practices continue to grow well.
 For example, a theme you will hear across segments is weaker Construction Practice revenues this quarter. This is a result of timing of projects and the fact that last year's quarter had some significant project revenues that have impacted the current comparison.
 Looking at revenues. On a segment-by-segment basis, Willis International led the way, contributing 6.3%. Willis North America added 3.4%, and Willis Global, where most of the negative factors were at play, came in very slightly down at 0.4%. 
 Now let me provide a little more detail on each of the segments in turn. First, Willis International. Our international operations grew 6.3% in the quarter, bringing our organic growth rate year-to-date to 6.5%. Once again, this is a really strong result from the segment. Latin America and Eastern Europe grew double digits, while Western Europe saw mid-single digit growth in the quarter. Asia was about flat as growth in China and Global Wealth Solutions was offset by a decline in Hong Kong. 
 Now if you think about economic growth rates around the globe, it is clear that Willis International's organic growth has outpaced the nominal economic growth of many of the geographies in which it operates. That includes both Western Europe and many of the emerging markets. We believe that this is evidence of our strong market position in those international markets and our strategic initiatives to actively invest in the fastest-growing markets and take share in developed markets.
 Onto Willis North America, which continues to generate solid new business while maintaining strong retention levels. As I said, we delivered 3.4% organic growth in North America. We saw mid-single-digit organic growth across several of our geographic regions, with the Midwest and Atlantic leading the way.
 Rates in general in North America continue to moderate with, of course, variances across different products and lines of business. We've recently published our Market Place Realities report for those interested in a deep dive into our view of 2015 rates in North America. It is available on our website.
 Looking at our results by practice. Importantly, North America's largest practice, Human Capital, grew mid-single digits. Now while I'm discussing Human Capital, let me provide a brief update on our healthcare exchange strategy, which includes our own exchange offering, the Willis Advantage. I believe when we last updated you, we had 16 current and committed exchange plans in total. We now have 31 and that includes Willis in North America. And the pipeline remains strong, more than 700 prospects in various stages of discussions. So we remain optimistic about the growth opportunity of this important business.
 Our second largest practice in North America, construction, as I mentioned earlier, was down mid-single digits in the quarter as a number of projects in the prior year quarter did not recur. That is simply the nature of this project-oriented business. Quarter-to-quarter results can be uneven. Importantly, year-to-date, this practice is up mid-single digits, so it continues to be a growing practice.
 Now onto Willis Global, which is comprised of Willis Re, Willis Insurance U.K., Facultative, Risk and Willis Capital Markets and Advisory. Global's organic commissions and fees decreased by 0.4% in the quarter. This result reflected a blend of different results across its major component businesses. 
 Willis Re grew low single digits in a seasonally small quarter by continuing to innovatively serve our clients and win new business. This was achieved against the backdrop of perhaps the most competitive market conditions, the reinsurance industry has seen in more than a decade.
 Within the reinsurance business, North America grew strongly, supported by new business wins and International grew modestly. However, the prevailing market conditions took their toll on the specialties reinsurance division, which was down modestly in the quarter.
 Moving on to Willis Insurance U.K., which combines our U.K. retail unit and global specialty businesses. Willis Insurance U.K., declined mid-single digits in the quarter, with a majority of the weakness isolated in the Specialty Construction business, which was up against a very difficult comparison due to large project revenues recorded in last year's quarter that did not recur. 
 Meanwhile, natural resources saw strong growth and Transportation grew low-single digits as aerospace saw some rate improvement. 
 The U.K. Retail business was up modestly year-over-year. This business continues to be in turnaround mode, but has been steadily improving. 
 So to conclude on revenues, as you can see, the majority of our business continue to grow well in the quarter, but our overall growth rate of 2.5% was pulled down by some specific issues in the specialty division of Willis Re and in selected specialty businesses. 
 With that, let me turn to expenses. I want to make a few brief observations about expenses, and then John will provide the appropriate level of details in his remarks. 
 We told you last quarter, when we reported underlying expense growth of 6.1%, that we expected the rate of expense growth to decline over the second half of the year as the rate of increase in headcount slowed and our expense management initiatives took hold. In that context, our underlying expense growth in the current quarter was 4.1%, an improvement relative to the first half of the year. 
 Two points of importance I would like to make about our expense growth rate. First, to date, we have received very little benefit in our expenses from our Operational Improvement Program. Therefore, we achieved this expense growth moderation through our expense management initiatives that we briefly discussed last quarter. Second, as we are achieving this moderation expense growth, we continue to invest in talent in value-added areas and in our high-growth markets to drive future growth. So we are demonstrating progress in our expense growth rate. But to be clear, we obviously will not be pleased with any level of overall expense growth that exceeds our overall revenue growth. 
 John will discuss the financial results of our operations in greater detail. He will also provide an update on our Operational Improvement Program, which is off to a good start, and we are pleased with the progress we're making. When he's finished, I'll come back to wrap up and discuss our inorganic growth before we turn to Q&A. 
 With that, I'll hand it to John. 
John Greene: Thank you, Dominic. I'll be working off the third quarter slide deck posted on our website starting at Slide 3. This is a walk-through showing the major earnings components in terms of both reported and underlying EPS from the third quarter 2013 through to third quarter 2014. 
 From 3Q '13, reported on the left hand side, we adjusted $0.34 related to the debt extinguishment charge to give us an underlying 3Q '13 EPS of $0.19. Moving across the slide, you can see increased commissions and fees for 3Q '14 had a $0.09 positive impact and increased expenses had a $0.13 negative impact. The net of those items, a $0.04 reduction, represents the company's underlying business performance. 
 Continuing across, you can see a net $0.01 negative impact from high -- from several items, higher quarter-over-quarter interest expense and a higher tax rate, partially offset by better results in our associate lines and an increase from the noncontrolling interest lines. The net impact of these gets us to third quarter underlying EPS of $0.14 per share. 
 Let me remind you that we defined underlying as reported, excluding nonoperating items and the impact of foreign exchange movements. So to get from underlying EPS to reported, we have $0.10 of adverse movements in foreign currency and $0.08 of cost from the Operational Improvement Program. 
 Drilling down into foreign exchange, we saw about $24 million of unfavorable movement. That breaks out as $3 million in commissions and fees and $7 million in operating expenses, which gives us a total of $10 million of foreign exchange translation impacts or $0.04 per share. Of that, the most significant year-over-year currency movement for us was the relative strengthening of the pound against the dollar. 
 We also had $14 million or $0.06 per share of unfavorable foreign currency impacts through our other income line, which is below operating income. This was primarily a change in foreign currency gains and losses on revaluation of our nonfunctional currency assets and liabilities. 
 The operational improvement charge in the quarter amounted to $17 million. You can find that breakdown of the charge by segment in expense category in the press release. I would note that we've achieved savings of about $2 million in the program in the third quarter, primarily from headcount reductions. 
 Let's turn to Slide 4 on underlying EBITDA and net cash flow from operations. You'll recall that we view underlying EBITDA as a decent proxy for cash flow. You can see from this slide that underlying EBITDA was $636 million, down about $10 million year-to-date, which is a reduction of less than 2%. Our net cash flows from operations over the first 9 months of the year were down $85 million over the same period last year. The decrease was driven primarily by the nonrecurrence of the closeout of derivative contracts in the third quarter last year, plus increased cash payments this year from our long-term incentive plans. 
 Slide 5 shows our reported and organic commission and fee growth by segment. I would add 3 things to what Dominic said. First, there is no impact on our international results from the China revenue recognition issue from the fourth quarter of last year. Second, overall reported growth in our International segment was lower than organic growth due to the negative impact of foreign exchange movements. This was partially offset by acquired revenues, primarily Charles Monat. And third, North America's reported commission and fee growth was below organic growth because of the sale of some small slower-growth businesses. We expect to close on the sale of a few more small offices in North America in the fourth quarter.
 Moving onto the total expense walk on Slide 6. From the left, we adjusted prior year reported balance for $7 million of adverse foreign currency movements experienced in the current quarter and $1 million of fees related to the debt extinguishment costs that we incurred within other operating expenses in the third quarter last year. As a side note, we also paid a $65 million tender premium related to the refi, but that flowed through interest expense on a net basis in last year's results. So that gets us to an underlying amount of $731 million of total expenses in last year's quarter. 
 Moving across, underlying expenses grew by $30 million or 4.1%. Salaries and benefits accounted for $22 million of the growth. Other operating expenses, $7 million, and the last $1 million from depreciation and amortization. That gets you to $761 million of total underlying operating expenses in the current quarter. When you add in the $17 million charge related to the operational improvement program, you get to the reported total expense of $778 million for 3Q '14. 
 Slide 7 provides more details on salaries and benefits, so the primary driver of salary and benefits expense growth over the past several quarters has been our investment in new talent. We told you last quarter that the growth in our salary and benefits line item would decline over the remainder of the year as a result of the slowdown in net headcount additions in 2014. In the second quarter of 2014, S&B increased 6.3% year-over-year. This quarter, the rate of growth declined to 4%. 
 FTEs were up 2% since September 2013, so increased headcount accounted for about half of the S&B growth. The remainder was largely due to salary increases, which are essentially in line with inflation. Headcount growth through the first 9 months of 2014 was 1.7%. More than half of the growth is in our low-cost operations in Mumbai. 
 To be clear, the increase is not part of our operational improvement program, but rather, part of the move to low-cost operations that we had been implementing before we announced the program. As we had said, the program, in large part, involves a significant acceleration of movements already well underway for many years, building on the skills and experience we have developed over those years. 
 Turning to Slide 8. Let me give you input on some of the nonoperating line items. Other income and expenses, which is below operating income, includes the revaluation of foreign currency loss. This is a $14 million year-over-year change. The primary currency drivers of this change were movements in the Venezuelan bolivar, the euro and the pound sterling against the U.S. dollar. 
 Taxes in the quarter were impacted by a $4 million adjustment reflecting an increased proportion of U.S. earnings relative to the U.K. As you know, the U.S. corporate tax rate is almost double that of the U.K's. 
 Our Associate line showed improvement in the quarter driven by Gras Savoye. 
 Let's turn to the balance sheet and usage of cash at Slide 9. As you can see, we ended the third quarter with $656 million of cash, up over $30 million from a year-ago. The decreased cash balance relative to the year-end was driven primarily by the share buyback program and increased cash dividend. This was partially offset by the nonrecurrence of the third quarter 2013 tender premium paid under debt refinancing. 
 Regarding our usage of cash, I would highlight that we repurchased almost 2 million shares of stock for about $82 million during the quarter. Earlier this month, we completed our announced buyback program having repurchased a little over 5 million shares in total at a cost of about $213 million. 
 CapEx is up a little due to investments in systems and infrastructures. Dividends are 9% higher and we have been more active in M&A, including the Charles Monat acquisition that closed in the second quarter. 
 Let's turn to Slide 10, the update on the Operational Improvement Program we promised back in April. You've read in our press release that we have updated our estimated savings based on the actions we're taking in 2014 or will take in 2015. We've also provided savings of our projected spend. 
 Starting with the updated savings, we're now estimating that we will achieve savings of at least $8 million on actions we've taken in 2014. That's $3 million ahead of our original estimate. The majority of the savings flowing through this year are from headcount reductions, primarily in our U.K. operations. For 2015, we are now estimating at least $60 million of in-year savings. That's $50 million ahead of the original estimate. 
 Our 2014 and '15 actions will result in an estimated $120 million of annualized savings by the end of the program. That is 40% of our $300 million estimated total annual savings. We still expect program cost savings of $135 million in 2016 and $235 million in 2017. That's unchanged from our original estimate. 
 Turning to the cost side. We expect to spend about $40 million in 2014. Some of that, of course, is preparatory work, and we expect to spend about $130 million in 2015. That gives us about $170 million of total, of the total $410 million we anticipate on spending over the life of the program. The remaining $240 million will be spent in 2016 and '17. Let me note that spend, as we have defined the term here, is total Operation Improvement Program-related payments for items that will flow directly through our income statement or for items that are capitalized and run-through depreciation over time, so it's a combination of expense and CapEx. 
 We've made a good start to the program. To help you track our progress, we'll provide you with 3 metrics indexed through March of this year. They are the ratio of FTEs in higher-cost geographies to lower-cost nearshore and offshore centers, which stood at a ratio of 80:20, plus this square footage of real estate per FTEs and debt per FTEs, both indexed to 100. We believe these metrics will be helpful to you in measuring our progress on middle office and back office transition and real estate efficiencies. 
 With that, I'll hand it back over to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Thank you, John. I'd like to conclude with an update on our M&A activity. Last quarter, we told you about the investment we made in our Human Capital and benefits capabilities in the Nordics, specifically, our acquisition of a controlling stake in Max Matthiessen in Sweden. That transaction closed earlier this month, and we're delighted to welcome the Max Matthiessen team into our worldwide Human Capital and Benefits Practice. Additionally, we're pleased to have announced the acquisition of SurePoint Reinsurance Advisers that will meaningfully expand our capabilities in the accident and health reinsurance market in North America. And we also acquired a range of Irish pension and financial advisory businesses from IFG, which nicely complement our global Human Capital and Benefits Practice. Finally, we announced last week that Willis is in advanced, exclusive talks with Miller Insurance Services LLP to take a majority interest in that leading independent specialist program. Under the proposed transaction, we would combine wholesale businesses to trade under the Miller brand. When we are able to, we will update you on the progress of these discussions. 
 Let me leave you with these thoughts about 3 planks of our strategy. First, I'm convinced that our strategy to grow revenues organically through our global presence by connecting Willis together to deliver better solutions for our clients and through innovation will continue to drive new business and increase our share of wallet from existing clients. Despite some isolated negative items this quarter, we exhibited good organic growth in most of the business. Second, our measured acquisition strategy that is focused on high-quality specialized firms with leading market positions, is proceeding well. We believe this strategy will further increase our growth rate and support our organic positioning. Third, you are starting to see the results of our disciplined approach to controlling expense growth and the early encouraging actions from our operational improvement program. Together, these 3 items of organic growth, focused M&A and expense management give all of us at Willis great confidence that we are heading in the right direction to achieve earnings growth, margin expansion and improved cash flow. 
 With that, operator, may we please begin with the Q&A session? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from the line of Cliff Gallant of Nomura. 
Clifford Gallant: I wanted just to clarify, what is the outlook for Willis Insurance in the U.K. in the fourth quarter? Should we continue to expect a little underperformance here offsetting the areas of strength? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, let me -- I'm going to have, obviously, Steve Hearn, who oversees Willis Insurance U.K, which is part of Global. Obviously, with the provider as you know, we don't provide quarter-to-quarter earnings revenue or cost-specific guidance. But with that, let me have Steve just give a sense of how we're doing. 
Steven Hearn: Thanks, Dominic. Thanks for the question. I'll remind you, of course, that our U.K. Insurance business is a sum of its parts. So we have some, as we pointed out in the script, some businesses that have performed well in Q3, and in fact performed well throughout the year for us, and some businesses that continue to drive significant growth for the organization. We had some challenges. As we've declared, U.K. retail has been a challenge for us for a period of time, some years, and that is something that I've been working on very hard over the course of this year in terms of a turnaround program for our U.K. Retail business. And as I say, we continue to drive strong growth in many parts of the organization. Within it as well are our Global Specialty operations, which continue to be market-leading businesses, and we're very proud of our position as market leader with some strong margin contribution and profits from those businesses. I'm afraid I can't get to the specifics. As Dominic said, I've given you some guidance around what will happen in Q4. 
Clifford Gallant: Okay. As a follow-up on the U.S. Construction, you discussed how the year-to-date number was up mid-single digit, and I just wanted to clarify, that's what you see as the trend, not the decline you saw in the third quarter? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, I'm going to hand over to, Todd, Todd Jones to talk about U.S. Construction, but clearly, I think we've tried to indicate to you that we're obviously looking -- when we think about our revenues generically, we're looking at how they've been performing during the course of the year as much as what happened in this particular quarter. But Todd, why don't you talk about construction in the U.S.? 
Todd Jones: Yes. I think Dominic said it well, that if you look at how the business has performed, sort of quarter-over-quarter and then year-to-date, obviously our Q2 performance, which was sort of mid-teens, was a bit of an outlier in terms of growth, and the expectation is the business continues to perform well, we continue to see a tremendous amount of activity on both the project space and the surety side, and our expectations is we're going to continue to perform in that space as we have year-to-date. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Jay Gelb of Barclays. 
Jay Gelb: I realized the third quarter is seasonally a light quarter for revenue, but we're just trying to get a handle on when we might see some stabilization in that adjusted pretax margin. I know the third quarter may not be the best indicator of that, but as earnings and estimates keep coming down, I think that's probably a headwind on the stock. So any insight you can help us with there will be helpful initially. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, again, I can't give you -- I'm not going to give you specific guidance, but obviously, the things you have to analyze is the sense of revenue momentum on an ongoing basis versus where we see cost momentum, and I think you're starting to see the cost momentum, cost growth come down, both pre the operational improvement program, which hasn't really kicked in yet. And we will see an acceleration of the impact of the operational improvement program. So obviously, our plan is to continue to have strong organic growth to supplement that with M&A growth and to see the combination of our normal expense management, which you started to see the impact of, combined with the operational improvement program, to see the crossover into and the increase in margin expansion. And those were the points I made at the end of my remarks, and we can see all the ingredients for that happening. 
Jay Gelb: That's helpful. Do you think that crossover point, do you think that's 2015 or 2016? 
Dominic Casserley: Again, I hope it's as soon as we can possibly make it. And the -- you're going to have to analyze what you'd see the numbers going through in terms of our revenue momentum and the deceleration of our organic expense growth and how that's going to play out. And John took you through, for instance, the trend line in our salary and benefits over the last few quarters, and you can see that, it's actually been flat, and the impact of the operational improvement program. So we would obviously expect if those trends continued, that we'll be able to see our performance improve in good time. 
Jay Gelb: Okay. And then a separate topic with the potential use of free cash for the Miller deal, what impact, if any, does that have on the potential acquisition of the remainder of Gras Savoye in 2015? 
Dominic Casserley: A very good question. We remain very confident of our ability to fund both in Miller transaction and Gras Savoye through our normal cash on hand and debt capacity. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Michael Nannizzi all Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi: The one slide on the OIP -- on the Operational Expense Program, you talked about savings being better than the April announcement or at least the trajectory of them. Is there any difference to the costs that you outlined or that you expected when you originally outlined the plan versus now? Or in other words, are you investing more now than you anticipated back in April? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, we didn't give you the details back then if you remember of how we expected to phase our expense growth. I mean I think you can expect... 
Michael Nannizzi: Yes, I know. 
Dominic Casserley: You can naturally expect that in our ability to accelerate savings. Of course, that doesn't mean you're going to see some slight acceleration of expenses because let's talk about water in the expenses. Expenses are parallel running costs, some redundancy costs, some specific system investments you might make to simplify a process, and obviously building out of capability to absorb more people in lower-cost locations. You got to have somewhere for them to sit, for instance. So obviously, as we have accelerated our expectation of where our savings will come, we obviously would incur, for obvious reasons, costs a bit earlier. 
Michael Nannizzi: Got it, okay. And then I'm just curious, just kind of going a little bit deeper operationally, what sort of actions are you taking to make sure that the program doesn't negatively impact morale in the areas that you're looking to retain folks? 
Dominic Casserley: Very good question. And so all the leaders of this program or the people heavily involved in it are focused on a number of metrics. Obviously, a critical issue about staff morale is actually how is this affecting client service? And so as we advance every single project, we are also measuring client service metrics to make sure that as we make changes, not only are clients well-informed, understand what we're doing, but of course at the end of the day, we actually want client service metrics to go up. So we are, first of all, very firmly focusing on client service as much as operational improvement as we -- or cost improvement as we do this. Secondly, you should understand, this is a program which is highly involving everybody who's doing the change. These programs are not from some outside element doing the change, these are Willis-driven programs with people heavily involved in the operational improvements. So that is the process we're going through. 
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And then on that, have you also incorporated into your sort of expectation when you talk about declining year-over-year increase in expenses, any potential for higher retention costs? Or to the extent that, that becomes a tool that you utilize to manage retention? Or is that just not something do you anticipate being an issue? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, we have 2, obviously, and the cost of the program includes, first of all, parallel running, right? So if we have to run -- let's say, we have a new process taking place in Mumbai, which was taking place in a city, in a developed market. We're going to run those 2 processes in parallel for a period of time to make sure that they bedded down client services in place, et cetera. And then secondly, we obviously watch very carefully making sure that we can retain key people during that process. And as you would expect, we'd have the normal approach to retention payments, et cetera, as necessary, to make sure that key people, while we are making that transition, are incented to stay. 
John Greene: Dominic, if I could add, in the 410 [ph], there was specific allowance for retention of works. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Joshua Shanker of Deutsche Bank. 
Joshua Shanker: The first question I guess for John. Trying to understand Slide 3, the EPS crawl. When we are in the third quarter of 2015, crawling forward from this quarter into that earnings quarter, what is the underlying EPS number you start with? Is it $0.06? Is it $0.14? I'm trying to understand -- there were no foreign currency movements between the 3Q '13, 3Q '14. How does that compare when you report -- when 3Q '14 becomes history, what will the EPS number be recorded as that it relates to 3Q '15 earnings? 
John Greene: Yes. So the way we do this is we take the actual results in the current year, and the prior year is effectively rebased for the currency that we're seeing. That difference between the current year and, I would say the rebased, will be a FX adjustment reflecting -- reflected on the earnings walk on Page 3. 
Joshua Shanker: So in 3Q '15, looking back on 3Q '14, the EPS number would be $0.06 per share? I'm sorry, the underlying EPS number would be $0.06 per share? 
John Greene: No, no. It will depend on what actually happens to the rates in the period. 
Joshua Shanker: I'm talking about the historical number, not the new number. There will be no currency rates at that point, like X currency, it was $0.06 per share, and you'll be -- that would be the basis for which you measure performance in 3Q '15? 
John Greene: Yes. So what we'll do is that, that foreign currency movement effectively rebases to the prior year, and then you're on a constant currency throughout the walk from 1 period to the next. If you like, we're happy to take this off-line and walk you through the exact mechanics, but it's your standard constant currency analysis. 
Joshua Shanker: Okay. I'm just -- I guess I'm just trying to get it right in my model what EPS will be reported for posterity. But the other question, at last quarter, I asked the question whether or not margins had bottomed, and Dominic's answer was probably not, let's wait to the end of 2014. Listening to your answer to Jay's question, I guess margins will bottom as soon as they can, but you're -- maybe you're taking a timeline away? 
Dominic Casserley: No. Look, I'm never going to give very, very specific timing on any particular quarter's renewal cost performance in advance for the reason that we don't give guidance. I think you just have to look, as I said in answer to the question earlier is, at the trend line in our revenues this year and what you see based upon our expense actions prior to the operational improvement program, and we've given you a lot of information on that in terms of how it's decelerating and what's happening to S&B costs quarter-to-quarter, and how that therefore is trending and how we see the operational improvement program flowing through. And we are very confident that we're doing all the right things to have those lines crossed and have been very clear that we will not be happy until we're regularly producing revenue growth, which is more than cost growth. We think we're taking all the right actions to have that crossover happen as soon as possible. 
Joshua Shanker: That makes perfect sense. Is the business in a good of a shape today as you thought it would be 1 year ago? 
Dominic Casserley: I think in many ways, it's in even better shape. Let me go through the elements of that. The fundamental drivers of organic growth of our strategy, which is pinned around connecting Willis together so that we can deliver around the world our specialty capabilities through our multiple channels to our clients. Coordinated way is well advanced. We make great strides in that, we are seeing good momentum in new business wins, pipelines are strong, we're very happy with the way that's developing. Expense growth management, we are -- we deliberately made investments for that strategy I've just described to you in the second half of 2013. We knew that was going to be a pig in the python problem in terms of cost comparisons during 2014, and we said that to you. We said that we thought we would see expense growth decline during the course of 2014 as we implemented expense management activity post that investment. And you are seeing that take place and we are confident about that. We also have meanwhile continued to be able to invest in the talent to drive that organic revenue growth, so we're confident about that. The operational improvement program, which we only announced in April, is ahead of where we thought it would be and is getting traction, and we're confident that it is going to deliver ahead of the schedule we laid out in April. And finally, we very, very explicitly laid out an M&A strategy focused on specialty situations, which have strong franchises, high-quality firms, that we would not be going after just volume, just bulking up, but instead, we'll be going after very specific transactions where we could engage in exclusive conversations to bring those very talented organizations as part of the Willis family. We are very pleased with the progress we've made on that and are highly excited about how it's going to play through in 2015. So actually, if you ask how do I feel about the health of Willis now, compared to a year ago, I feel very good. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Vinay Misquith of Evercore. 
Vinay Misquith: On the organic growth, it appears that a lot of the slowdown this quarter was sort of because of onetime issues because of the Construction practice. Is my understanding of that correct? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. And we've highlighted that if you look at the detail behind the headline of 2.5% organic growth, you can see that North America continued to grow along the trend line it's been on, International had growth again of over 6%. So we had some very specific issues, a number of them, coincidentally, in Construction. So that is, your interpretation is correct. 
Vinay Misquith: And just looking forward to the fourth quarter, do we have any sort of bad comps fourth quarter this year versus fourth quarter last year? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, as we said to you last year, we did have, again, a very strong Construction quarter in the fourth quarter of '13, so that would just be a tough comp. But again, we remain optimistic about the trend line in the majority of our businesses. 
Vinay Misquith: Sure. And then on the expense savings, I believe that is about $8 million of expense savings from the operational improvement program. Has that already flowed through earnings this year? Or do you expect that in the fourth quarter? 
Dominic Casserley: No, I think we laid out that we had a very, very small number in the third quarter, so the majority of that number will obviously flow into the fourth quarter. 
Vinay Misquith: Okay. And the $60 million for next year, how much do you expect to flow down to the bottom line? And how much do you expect to reinvest in the business? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, we've said overall that I think the majority of the savings we get will flow to the bottom line. I think the way to think about this is the different component parts that drive our expenses. And let me hand over to John to help you think about that. 
John Greene: Thank you, Dominic. So if you think about our cost base, it's subject to inflation somewhere between 2% and 3% based on the geographic mix. So that naturally wants to increase the expense base. We have the operational improvement program, the savings that we're talking about here, coming through as an offset to some of that inflation. And then there will be select investments to continue to be able to drive positive operating margin growth, and we're going to do that, but we're going to be very, very specific in making sure that we get definitive paybacks on that. So it's -- you can do the math based on what I just described there, so really good progress on the operational improvement program. Inflation, 2% to 3%, is what we're seeing based on the geographic mix and selective investments, we've said that the majority of the operational improvement program would fall through. 
Vinay Misquith: Sure. And one last numbers question, and I apologize for the many questions, but on the other expense line, I believe you said $14 million of that was for the foreign exchange, but the border number was $9 million. What is -- sort of what's the difference between the two? 
John Greene: So the $14 million is revaluation FX, and there was translation FX of about $10 million. So there's a difference between the 2. The revaluation FX basically takes a look at nonmonetary assets and liabilities and takes the year-over-year change in the FX rate, does a reval, and that creates a P&L debit or credit charge or income. So this quarter, what we saw when we compared to third quarter 2013, we saw weakening of the euro, the Venezuelan bolivar and the pound sterling versus third quarter 2013, where we saw strengthening in the euro and the pound as you will recall. So that difference created the year-over-year P&L charge of $14 million that we talked about in my script. Is that helpful? 
Vinay Misquith: Yes, thank you. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Kai Pan of Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: The first quick question on the restructuring cost, and thank you for the breakdown, but you've mentioned earlier about the total cost, 70% probably attributable to people and 30% to system. Is that same proportional throughout the years for your restructuring cost? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, broadly. Yes. 
Kai Pan: Okay. And then secondly, on the margin question, if you were thinking about because of economic slowing down, whatever macro issues that your organic growth staying at, like, let's say 2% to 3%-ish range, will the cost, the operational improvement program enough for the savings to drive the margin expansion from there? Or is it difficult even with the ongoing improvements in operations? 
Dominic Casserley: So I think we tried to be very clear in clarifying this issue of what the impact of the operational improvement program as it plays through. If we were to see organic growth rates, nominal organic growth rates of the business, the numbers you see, sort of the equivalent of over 4% we see year-to-date, if we were to see that number at the lower end of our single-digit range, sort of much lower than that 4% number, the operational improvement program, we believe, underpins our ability to achieve our margin expansion number. If we see more robust growth at the middle or higher end of what we're seeing, of our mid-single digit, obviously, the operational improvement program enables us to expand margin over time more than that 70 basis points. That's the explanation we've given and that's how we see it. 
Kai Pan: Okay, that's great. Then lastly, on the sort -- I was just curious about your thoughts about capital management priorities. So, especially between now, you'd been very focused on some of the focused acquisition just versus like share buybacks, I just wonder what's your thought behind doing acquisitions or return to shareholders? 
Dominic Casserley: I think our position remains where it has been. We continue to focus on our capital management as follows. Obviously, we have to fund CapEx, et cetera, as we drive the business. Next, we are -- we want to be able to grow our dividend as our earnings grow. Third, we want to immunize the balance sheet or the number of share count for option exercises -- employee option exercises, so we did that in 2014 with the program we announced. And then we have M&A. And that's how we are thinking about our program, and obviously, managing accordingly. 
Kai Pan: So actually, the buybacks, just to neutralize the share creation actually ahead of acquisitions, so it seems you'll finish your program, $200 million, so is there going to be another one just to offset ongoing the issuance? 
Dominic Casserley: We will examine what's happening to the option exercises this year and then look what's happening on the outlook and make an announcement accordingly. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Robert Glasspiegel of Janney Capital. 
Robert Glasspiegel: I've got some numbers questions, I apologize, but Dominic, if we go back to your sort of original plan, the 5-year plan to grow revenue, 70 bps faster than expenses, the math works out to about 250 basis point margin improvement from your 21.6 base of 2012. You lost 160 bps of ground last year and you're 100 bps behind this year, so that puts you 260 bps behind, which gives you 500 to get in the next 3-plus years. The optimist in me says that while they haven't updated that plan, Dominic must still have confidence that it's achievable. The realist in me says that with the economic environment being a little less good than we thought it might be a couple of years ago, and currency a little bit in your face and rates slowing, to try to get 500 bps of margin improvement in 3-plus years, seems like it's a formidable task. Who is right, the optimist or the realist? 
Dominic Casserley: We'll see, Bob, won't we. I'm not going to answer that question. I'm going to go back to what I said earlier, right, which is that we have a very strong operational improvement program we put in place, which can deliver very significant cost benefits. You are right to say that our ability to drive our margin expansion -- and most importantly of all, the number -- as you know, you and I talked about a number of times, and I'm really focused on, which is cash flow generation, right? That's the real number we should be focused on. Our ability to do that is obviously dependent as well on how well revenues grow, which to some degree is impacted by the economic outlook. I would reiterate what I said earlier today, which is, please do not drive a direct correlation between economic performance of the global economy and our ability to grow organic revenues. There is some correlation, of course. Of course, there is, but we have shown, I think, quite successfully over prolonged period of time, that in the number of our markets, we are able to outgrow nominal GDP, because either we're taking share, or because actually, the underlying growth of brokerage of property and casualty insurance or healthcare in the commercial space is growing much faster than the underlying economy. So yes, of course, we are affected by economic outlook, but it's not a one-to-one type ratio. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Well I do take solace that you haven't adjusted your 2013 plan, so to me that does convey confidence that you think you're on track. So just another question, how does your incentive comp plan tie to your results? Your cash payments were higher this year than before because of, I assume, history, not anything related to this year or next year results, but if margins aren't expanding, is there a question and maybe that number is sort of declining prospectively? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, you're right. Perfectly, you're right that what we refer to this year will flow to an old plan. You should be very confident, and it's all available, is that the 2 key drivers of incentive compensation, which is our annual bonus plans and our long-term incentive plan, are directly tied to the performance of revenue growth and EBITDA growth in the annual plan and on the long-term plan, multiyear revenue growth and EBIT growth over time. And so, yes, you're right, our incentive programs are absolutely aligned with the things that drive cash flow generation. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Is that a potential positive in Q4 as you true up, or has that been trued up through the year... 
Dominic Casserley: We true up as best we can as we go, okay? 
Robert Glasspiegel: So don't look for that as a potential headwind and tailwind in the fourth quarter, is your answer? 
Dominic Casserley: No, I wouldn't do that, no. We try and do our best to true up as we go. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Thomas Mitchell of Miller Tabak. 
Thomas Mitchell: I'm a little bit curious. I understand that the Venezuelan bolivar may not be very hedgeable, but it would seem that your other currency exposures are hedgeable. Is it just terribly expensive to go into the market and hedge for currencies? Or have you just generally decided to live with the ups and downs? 
John Greene: Yes, so good question. So we've actually spent some time looking at it. So there's the translation that -- which is running through the P&L, so revenue and expense, not the other income or expense line. That piece has to do with the structural mismatch in the U.K. in terms of about 60% of the revenue comes in, in dollars. The cost base is sterling. So we've looked at that and it's impossible to get a cost-effective hedge that would also hedge the movements in the currency. It's just a really, really hard thing to do. We've talked to a number of bankers who've had some ideas about it, but nothing that we view it as something that we could implement. In terms of the revaluation FX, our program there is basically -- what we try to do is ensure that functional currency cost and functional currency revenue are matched, and thereby having a natural hedge. And if there is a change in the underlying FX rate period-over-period, we deem that largely to be noncash. So we haven't gone through to try to hedge that. And that's one of the reasons why we've broken out the underlying the way we've done that. 
Thomas Mitchell: Okay, that helps very much. Now the other question I have is a little bit more conceptual, and it's -- I mean, it's about something that we all sort of think we understand. But the construction business has stops and starts, it's sensitive to different things, it's probably different in the U.K. than it is in the U.S., but in general, there must be some sort of leading indicators that you have that give you an idea of whether projects are going to be started or they're going to be delayed, and how big they are and how much coverage they need when? I mean, what is sort of the timing of this sort of thing? You have to wait until somebody breaks ground to assume that you now have a coverage initiated? 
Dominic Casserley: So I'm going to have Steve talk about that. I think it is worth, of course, remembering that within Construction, there is sort of lower ticket items going through on an ongoing basis. And of course, then, these big projects, right, which can affect the quarter-to-quarter numbers. Do you want talk more about the latter, Steve? 
Steven Hearn: Yes, I mean, you're absolutely right, Dominic. It is very much posed into your question -- or in your question, which is, is there a difference between the U.K. and North America, and in fact there is -- the coverage is different. And in fact, the markets that provide the capacity are often different as well. I should say as well, Construction process's strength, it's been an issue for us as we called in terms of some specifics around Q3, but we are a significant leader, both in the U.K. and in North America in terms of Construction business. And for both of those activities, in fact, around the world from our U.K. business, this is a large and profitable activity for us. But as Dominic described, it's made up of lots of different things. There's the continual pipeline of smaller projects, which we have significant share and a lot of them continue to come through very effectively for us. It is typically these larger projects that drive the lumpiness that you see in our performance, both positively and negatively. The lead time can be significant on -- in some cases are vast projects, billions of dollars of TIV, insured asset value, in some cases, and those are very complex in terms of the way they're financed, very complex in terms of the way they're tendered, often multiple suppliers are involved and often multiple brokers engaged in terms of providing the coverage and advice around those. And again, buried in your question, if you'll excuse the pun, is literally when the shovel or spade goes into the ground that we know we have a contract in place and initial risk on many of these projects. You're right. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Meyer Shields of KBW. 
Meyer Shields: If I can keep beating on the construction issue, are there seasonal quarters for construction as a bigger or smaller portion of your overall business? 
Dominic Casserley: The answer to that is no. Again, as I said, because there are these very significant contracts and we are particularly strong in that area, it really is about when a contract is awarded and construction begins. And that doesn't tie around, unlike other parts of the insurance world, it doesn't tie around sort of traditional renewal dates, sort of seasonal renewal dates that you see in other parts of our business. It is when the contract is awarded. The more run-of-the-mill business, maybe you'd see the more standard business as usual, if you like, you maybe see an element of that, but no, it's not skewed, certainly in the U.K. and international world, and I believe that's the case in North America as well. 
Meyer Shields: Okay, that's helpful. I think there's a question for John, but I'm not sure. You had sort of an impressive slow down in organic expense growth from 61 to 41. When we consider the variable expenses associated with some of the business, though, if organic revenue growth would've been at 4.5% range? Can you give us a sense of what organic expense growth would've been? 
Dominic Casserley: First cut at that, that is not the driver here. We might have slightly more incentive compensation because profits would have been better, but it's not -- I think the thing that is very important, we do not believe that the slowdown in our revenue growth is because we've been slowing expense growth, right? Right. We've highlighted for you specific things that have gone on in specific businesses. Meanwhile, International has been growing over 6%, North America is growing over 3%, et cetera. We might have, as I said, had some -- because of better performance, the earlier question we had about accruing bonuses, we might have had slightly higher bonus accrual. John, do you want to add... 
John Greene: Yes, the only thing I would add is when we look at second quarter, the year-over-year, quarter-over-quarter headcount change was about an increase of 4% in the second quarter 2014 versus second quarter '13. So that put on some inflation on there and it gets you up to that 6%-plus number we talked about. In the September results, what we're seeing is head count increase versus September of last year, of only 2%. So that really explains the delta and the cost. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. So the increase -- and I appreciate what you were saying about the incentive compensation, Dominic, I'm just asking more about sort of the fundamental producer of the compensation, that would've been different? 
Dominic Casserley: Same thing and in fact, North America produced a compensation because we had perfectly good quarter in North America running at perfectly normal levels. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brian Meredith of UBS. 
Brian Meredith: Just a couple of quick questions. First, I was wondering if we could drill down a little bit more on free cash flow? I was wondering if you could talk about what was the actual dollar figure of the nonrecurring kind of derivatives closeouts last year versus this year? So we can just get a better kind of run rate of what free cash flow kind of looks like right now? Or is this the right number to kind of think about? And is there anything else going on there? And then lastly, pension, any updated thoughts on what pension contributions will look like next year? 
John Greene: Okay. I'll be happy to take that. So there were 3 hedging activities that ended up coming through and creating a year-over-year difference. So there was a treasury lock last year, 2013, that threw about $20 million into the P&L. There was an interest rate swap in '13 that was about $15 million of cash, and then in the current year, related to the Max Matthiesen acquisition, there was another swap that ended up creating about a $15 million delta negative to cash. So you sum those up and you've got about a $50 million quarter-over-quarter issue. We also had in the quarter some working capital changes. It seems a significant portion of that, the working capital piece, had to do with the reclassification of some businesses to assets held for sale, which is other assets, which the amortization -- the goodwill and intangibles were long-term assets that will move up to short term. So that creates a working capital, effectively, increase, that drives the cash flow number, at least in terms of what you're looking at. It's really not a cash item. Matter of fact, the exit of the business will create some positive cash flow for the fourth quarter. 
Dominic Casserley: Pension. 
John Greene: Pension, thank you, Dominic. In terms of pension, year-to-date, we are under prior year. So we've contributed about $25 million this year and versus $48 million in the third quarter last year. What we expect for the year is year-over-year pension contributions will probably be down about $20 million. 
Brian Meredith: Year-over-year, okay. Any thoughts on '15 at this point, given where interest rates are? 
John Greene: No. Not at this point. 
Brian Meredith: And then just one last one here. Just curious, I know you can't give any details with respect to the Miller as far as the financial implications and stuff like that, but what about your strategic rationale behind the transaction? I was wondering if you can kind of give us a little bit of why? 
Dominic Casserley: I'm going to turn to Steve for this, because obviously it affects particularly our London businesses and our position in that market. 
Steven Hearn: Sure. And Dominic, keeping straight, not to get into any detail in terms of the transaction itself, it's a difficult question to answer without doing that. Miller, I think people would recognize as the preeminent independent wholesaler in the London market. The company has operated for over 100 years under the Miller brand with a very strong wholesale content. And as we declared, when we announced that we were in exclusive conversations around this acquisition, with also some businesses that we'd move into Willis, the treaty reinsurance business, by example. We have strong credentials in wholesale business in Willis and a long history in wholesale. In fact, if you track back only to a couple of decades ago, Willis was fundamentally a wholesale broker itself until that time when it set up its retail capability internationally. And in North America, until this day, we have significant wholesale capability within our existing London operation. We felt, strategically, that it makes sense, particularly given the connecting Willis strategy of deepening our connections across the organization around the world. We recognize the difference around wholesale, and this provides a fantastic vehicle. If we're able to conclude this deal, it will allow us to operate, in fact, both models, a connected Willis organization playing with the strengths of our specialty businesses and the London market wholesale operations through the Miller brand. 
Operator: No questions at this time. [Operator Instructions] 
Dominic Casserley: All right, given that there are no more questions, let me just close this out here because we'd be on time. I'll just give some very brief closing remarks. First of all, let me reiterate, there have clearly been several unusual events this quarter. And of course, it's fair to say that this is the toughest reinsurance market, for example, for over a decade. We feel we are making progress in our efforts on expense management, as this quarter's outcome and expense growth illustrates. We're already encouraged by the results we've seen in the operational improvement program and what we can see that we'll achieve in 2015. So we still have a long way to go on this, but so far so good, and we won't be distracted from our goals that we've laid out. Looking further out, of course, the economic growth in many major markets, as everyone comments and people have asked on this call, remains uneven. So we, of course, are duly cautious, but our revenue performance year-to-date underscores the value of Willis's business model and the power of our portfolio and our confidence into the future. Thanks very much. 
Operator: Thank you. That concludes today's conference. Thank you all for joining. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-07-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding. [Operator Instructions] The conference is being recorded, and I'd like to introduce your speaker, Mr. Peter Poillon. 
Peter Poillon: Thank you, and welcome to our second quarter 2014 earnings conference call, which is being hosted by Dominic Casserley, Chief Executive Officer of Willis Group Holdings. A webcast replay of the call, along with the slide presentation to which we'll be referring can be accessed through our website. If you have any questions after the call, my direct line is +1 (212) 915-8084. 
 Please note that we may make certain statements relating to future results, which are forward-looking statements, as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated. These statements reflect our opinions only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update and in light of new information or future events. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and subsequent filings, as well as our earnings press release, for a more detailed discussion of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliations can be found in our earnings press release and slides associated with this call. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Welcome, and thank you for joining our quarterly conference call. With me today are John Greene, our new Chief Financial Officer; Steve Hearn, our Deputy CEO and Head of Willis Global; Tim Wright, Head of Willis International; and Todd Jones, Head of Willis North America. By now, you've had a chance to read the news release that we put out last night announcing our second quarter earnings. John and I will give our prepared remarks, and then we'll move to Q&A. 
 Now before we dig into the details, I'd like to make 3 important points in relation to this quarter's results those being: first, on our organic revenue growth; second, on our expense growth; and third, on our earnings. 
 First, let me turn into organic growth. Our 4.5% organic growth in fees and commissions is a 30 basis point enhancement over our strong organic growth in the first quarter of this year. This, for us, highlights our diversified strength across geographies, sectors and business lines, and is testament to the resilience of the model we have built and that we continue to build. And let's be clear, this is not a one-off. We have delivered mid-single-digit organic growth over the last 7 quarters. 
 Second, let me turn to expenses. We have made significant investments for growth in the business since the end of the second quarter of 2013, in particular, in new hires. And that is a combination of revenue-producing patent in high-growth markets and in growing businesses like Global Wealth Solutions in Asia and human capital and benefits globally. Now around 3/4 of that hiring was in the third and fourth quarters of last year. So that means in terms of the year-on-year view, the investments we made in the second half of 23 has made comparisons to 23 numbers challenging in the first and second quarters of this year. Now let me be clear, since then, the pace of hiring has moderated with global headcount up about 1% in the first 6 months of 2014. And further, a little more than 1/3 of that increased headcount of 1% in 2014 has been in our lower-cost Mumbai operations. So while we will continue to invest selectively in talent, we are expecting salary and benefit expense growth, excluding acquisitions, to moderate during the second half of the year. 
 Now nonetheless, as explained in our earnings release, a $0.04 decline in business performance on good top line growth is not where we want to be. It does not reflect our ability to drive organic growth, achieve a positive spread between revenue growth and expense growth and, most importantly, improve cash flow generation, all to the benefit of our shareholders. We obviously have not achieved the desired positive spread on an underlying basis thus far in 2014, and we know the reasons: those investments in headcount to grow our business and improve our client service and risk management capabilities that I talked about, underperformance in Willis U.K. retail, and increasingly more difficult market conditions that, frankly, affected everyone associated with the reinsurance industry. 
 But we are confident in our ability to meet and exceed our goals over the medium term, and we are taking concrete steps to achieve them. Let me discuss some of our cost steps. First, we have a number of initiatives that are not part of our operational improvement program, but that we believe will nevertheless deliver cost savings in 2014. We are reducing headcount growth for the remainder of the year. We have revamped our project approval process to bring more cost discipline, and our finance transformation project will begin to show cost results this year. 
 Turning to the operational improvement program. The program is fully under way and will deliver some cost savings in 2014, and begin to deliver substantial savings in 2015. As part of that program, we have launched in the third quarter a redundancy program in the U.K. that will eliminate 200 roles by the end of this year. We have also started rationalizing our IT systems and our real estate portfolio, which will deliver cost savings across the group, and we are well into the planning process for moving more than 3,500 support roles to lower-cost locations. Taken together, these initiatives show our results to meet or exceed our stated goals, and we remain committed to them. So those were my points on organic revenue growth and our expense growth. 
 Now to my third point, which is on our earnings. As I mentioned earlier, business performance was modestly down, $0.04 per share, driven largely by that expense differential year-on-year. But reported earnings are much more substantially down this quarter, as a result of $0.01 from the operational improvement program and $0.28 of noncash and non-operating adjustments, including a temporarily higher tax rate due to phasing effects. So we had detailed them all in the release, and John will run through them shortly in his section. In this context, it is important to focus on underlying business performance, which is how we look at it and manage the business day to day. And as we noted in our earnings release, despite the rise in expenses from our 2013 investments, our underlying EBITDA, a decent proxy for cash flow, is flat relative to the prior year. So the business continues to generate strong cash flow. With those 3 goals established, I will provide some more specific color on performance this quarter. 
 Total revenue of $935 million is up 5.1% from the prior year. In terms of the 4.5% organic revenue growth I opened with, Willis International led the way, contributing 5.6%, Willis North America added 4.8%, and Willis Global came in at 3.4%. And you've also seen us laying the foundations this quarter for future growth in fast-growing markets. You saw us extending our debt and reach in Asia, with the completion of the Charles Monat acquisition, and you also saw us invest in growing areas and more developed territories. The recently announced Max Matthiessen transactions will give us a leading human capital footprint in advanced pension management, and makes us the leading risk advisor and broker in the Nordics. And we've also done a better job of connecting Willis, delivering more of the power of the whole firm to plants and contributing to our revenue momentum. In North America, in the U.K., in Asia and Latin America, we have specific cases of new business wins because Willis is able to bring the whole team to solve the clients' risk issues. To give just one example of this, our Canadian energy teams recently introduced their client to our mining teams in London and globally, where their clients has operations. The outcome was more integrated service for the client, and a tenfold increase in our revenues, and there is far more we can and are doing to connect Willis this way. 
 Onto expenses. I've already given you the context. On an underlying basis, total expenses were up 6.1% compared to the second quarter of last year, and headcount was the primary driver of the growth. Total headcount increased about 4% quarter-over-quarter, but about 3% of that came in the second half of last year. As I said earlier, headcount is up marginally, about 1% over the first 6 months of the year. So clearly, headcount growth is moderating, and this should feed through to salary and benefits expense growth over the remainder of the year. This is especially true with 1/3 of that headcount increase in 2014 is in our lower-cost Mumbai operations. I should note that this expected decline in headcount growth is independent of the impact of the operational improvement program that will add a further momentum to cost controls in future quarters. 
 Now briefly on that program. The $3 million charge that we took in the second quarter is indicative of how early we are in terms of implementation. Rest assured, we are making good progress, laying the foundations for a significant transformation of our business. I mentioned earlier the 200 role reduction in the U.K. as an early step. As part of our third quarter call, we will be providing information on the expected phasing of the charges related to the programs, and I'm looking forward to reporting to you in the future on realized savings and actual charges in the relevant period, and sharing with you data on the core underlying drivers of operational change, including the ratio of staff in higher costs to lower-cost locations, and how we are changing the number of seats per employee and average square footage per employee. 
 Turning to the segments. I've already made the point on strength across the business. Let me now provide some detailed segment performance commentary. First, North America. Overall, North America continues to generate strong new business and solid retention levels. We saw growth across most regions, led by strong results in the Northeast and Atlantic regions. We saw good growth across a number of lines. Once again, our 2 largest North American practices, construction and Human Capital, both grew in the quarter with the construction practice up mid-single digits, largely from project business, including 2 key wins, the Port Authority of New York and the MTA of New York. The Human Capital practice was up low-single digits, and we continue to make great progress in our pipeline of prospects and new business wins. Rates in North America were generally level during the quarter, with slight variations across products. While properly rates have continued to come down, we've seen some rate increases in other products, such as casualty and executive risk. 
 Turning to our International operations that grew 5.6% in the quarter, with most of the growth coming from emerging and developing markets. In Western Europe, we saw very modest overall growth, but with strong results in the Iberia region and in Norway. Given the weak general economic conditions across the region, we are pleased to continue to show growth largely through market share gains. In Eastern Europe, we recorded high-single-digit growth, primarily driven by strong performances in Russia and in Poland. Latin America delivered mid-teens growth, led by strong growth in Brazil. Asia also had a very good quarter, with strong results from our Global Wealth Solutions business in Hong Kong. New Zealand recorded mid-single digit growth, while Australia was about flat. 
 Now onto Willis Global. This segment comprises Willis Re, Willis Insurance U.K., Facultative, Risk and Willis Capital Markets and Advisory. Willis Global recorded organic growth of 3.4% in the quarter, reflecting the blend of different results across its component businesses. The reinsurance business grew modestly in the face of a declining rate environment, significant new business wins and very strong retention rates countered the impact of deteriorating market rates. In Willis Re North America, this enabled us to show slight growth. In Willis Re Specialties and Willis Re International, the level of rate deterioration, together with some timing fluctuations, were significant enough to generate declines. But given rate declines, continued caution from clients in extending cover despite much cheaper pricing and a difficult second quarter 2013 comparison, we believe achieving modest growth to this quarter is certainly a satisfactory result. For an in-depth update on rates in the reinsurance market, I refer you to our July 1 Willis Re 1st View publication, available on our website. 
 Now moving on to Willis Insurance U.K., which combines our Willis U.K. retail unit and our global specialty businesses. Willis Insurance U.K. grew mid-single digits despite continued weakness from the Willis U.K. retail unit. Among the specialties businesses that put up strong growth for construction and property and casualty, which recorded strong double-digit growth, reflecting the successful completion of a number of large projects. Our U.K. retail business was down low-single digits. This business continues in turnaround mode. As we noted last quarter, performance challenges, including rate pressure and a weakening in our insolvency business have hit the business. We have seen mild improvements in the second quarter, but more work is required. 
 Let me conclude with some brief commentary on one other subject, that being market-derived income or MDI. At our Investor Conference last July, I discussed Willis' view of MDI, noting how MDI takes many forms, and how we would evaluate whether we would accept a given form of MDI on a case-by-case basis. I mentioned that Willis would only consider taking a form of MDI if it does not conflict with our client's best interests, and if we can do so transparently and in line with its applicable regulations. These principles remain in place. After a review of the last year, we believe that with adequate controls in place, it may be possible to accept MDI in the form of contingent commissions. We are, therefore, no longer ruling out contingent commissions on our P&C business and other lines of insurance. Like any other MDI, we will evaluate any proposed contingent commission arrangement against our control framework, and will only accept such arrangements when appropriate. I should note, however, that we do not expect contingent commissions to be a material source of revenue in 2014. 
 Now I'll turn over to John to discuss the financial results of operations in greater detail, and then I'll come back to wrap up before we turn to Q&A. 
John Greene: Thank you, Dominic. Let me begin by saying how excited I am to be part of the Willis team. It's a strong business with great leaders. I look forward to working with the team, and all of you over the coming months and years. So let's get straight to it. I'll be working largely off the second quarter slide deck posted on our website, starting with Slide 3. Slide 3 breaks out the several components in terms of both reported and underlying EPS from the second quarter 2013 through to the second quarter 2014. This is the kind of presentation format you can expect going forward. I think it's particularly useful this quarter in separating out the noncash, nonoperating impacts that Dominic referenced. 
 So let's start. So starting with last year's reported and adjusted EPS of $0.59 on the left, and moving left to right across the slides, you can see increased commissions and fees had a $0.17 positive impact, but increased expenses had a $0.21 negative impact. Dominic noted earlier differences between comparable periods is largely driven by headcount investments, as Dominic also emphasized the net of those items, a $0.04 reduction represents the company's business performance. Continuing across, you can see a $0.01 negative impact from the increase in our share count and the change in the underlying tax rate negatively impacted our earnings by $0.05. I will drill down on taxes shortly. The net impact of those items gets us to our second quarter underlying EPS of $0.49. We define underlying as reported, excluding certain items and the impact of foreign exchange movements. 
 As a more general point, you will see from the release that weve taken the opportunity to simplify to just 2 consistent bases, reported and underlying with a link to organic performance. I think that gives you the complete and clear picture, and is consistent with how we look at and manage the business. So continuing to the right of underlying EPS, we have the noncash, nonoperating adjustments, which further reduce reported EPS: $0.12 from the increase in the valuation allowance on our deferred tax assets, $0.07 from Venezuela devaluation, $0.03 from adverse movements in foreign currency, $0.01 from the initial cost of the operational improvement program. 
 Drilling down, there are 2 main noncash, nonoperating items that are driving those different -- those earnings differences over and above the $0.04 related to business performance. First, tax expense. There are 2 pieces to this. And second, the Venezuelan devaluation. Regarding the tax valuation allowance, you may recall that during the fourth quarter of 2012, Willis recorded a valuation allowance of approximately $110 million against this net U.S. deferred tax assets. 
 During the second quarter of this year, the company concluded a clean IRS audit on our tax returns through the period ended December 2011. That led us to release certain provisions held for years under audit, which ironically then required us to adjust the valuation allowance. The second item principally relates to the phasing of the charge. Previously, U.S. tax expense was straight-lined 25% in each quarter. Given that the U.S. generally earns most of its income for the year in the first 2 quarters, the straight-line method produced a lower effective tax rate in the first quarter. The new method results in a better matching of income and expenses that requires a catch-up adjustment in the second quarter to bring the tax expense in line with the U.S. taxable income in the first half of the year. The result was an additional tax charge of approximately $13 million in the quarter. This means that there will be about $13 million less tax expense recognized in the third and fourth quarters, as the projected annual U.S. tax expense has not changed. 
 Now the other item, Venezuelan devaluation. The Venezuelan economy is considered hyperinflationary. So at each quarter end, in accordance with the U.S. GAAP, we revalue our local currency monetary assets and liabilities to U.S. dollars based on the available exchange mechanisms. Late in the first quarter, the Venezuelan government introduced a new auction rate. After a thorough review, we deemed this new rate to be more appropriate to revalue our Venezuelan assets and liabilities, resulting in a charge of about $13 million in the quarter. 
 Now to Slide 4, turning to underlying EBITDA. As you've likely heard Dominic say in the past, we view EBITDA as a decent proxy for cash flows. For this quarter especially, it is a useful measure because it excludes the impact of the Venezuelan devaluation and the tax adjustment I just discussed. You see on this slide, the measure is flat year-over-year, despite our investments in personnel, a challenging rate environment and ongoing work to turn around the U.K. retail operation. 
 Slide 5 shows our reported and organic revenue by segment. Dominic has discussed the segment performance so the only thing that I'll point out here is that the North America organic growth at 4.8% was actually higher than the reported growth of 4%. The difference between reported and organic was caused by the sale of some small slow-growth businesses. We executed the sales in order to redeploy capital to higher-growth opportunities. 
 Moving onto the expense walk on Slide 6. As we've shown here on the slide, we are adjusting the prior year balance for $16 million of adverse foreign exchange movements experienced in the quarter. That gets us to a rebate amount of $739 million. Underlying expenses grew by $45 million, or 6.1%. This is comprised of a $34 million increase in salary and benefits, a $10 million increase in other operating expenses and a $1 million increase in depreciation and amortization. Then adding the $3 million charge related to the operational improvement program in the quarter, you get to the reported amount of $787 million to the first -- for the current quarter. So as Dominic noted, headcount has been a particularly big investment since the end of the second quarter 2013. 
 Slide 7 drills down on salaries and benefits. You can see that after adjusting the prior year, where that current quarter's adverse movements in foreign exchange, underlying salaries and benefits grew by 6.3%. The increase is broadly split between investments for growth of approximately 4%, and the annual salary views in line with roughly inflation. Total Willis FTEs are up 4% since in June 2013, but only about 1% for the first 6 months of the year. As Dominic said, a little more than 1/3 of the headcount growth in 2014 comes from our operations in low-cost Mumbai. 
 On to the balance sheet and cash flows. As shown on Slide 8, we ended the first quarter with $709 million of cash, down $87 million from year end, but up over $200 million from a year ago. The increased cash balance is, relative to prior year, was driven primarily by the company's operating performance, but also the benefit of employee stock options exercised since June 2013 net of share repurchases, thus far, in 2014. The debt outstanding at quarter end was $2.3 billion, down slightly from year end last year. Cash flows from operations over the first 6 months of the year are up $15 million over the same period last year, primarily due to a reduction in defined benefit pension contributions and the non-recurrence of cash outflows related to certain settlements and the 2013 expense reduction initiative. The increases were partially offset by higher cash outflows related to salary and benefits. I would also note, during the quarter, we repurchased almost 2 million shares of stock for about $83 million. From about the last week of February, when we started buying back shares, and through June 30, we repurchased almost 2.9 million shares at a total cost of about $120 million. Employee option exercises added about $50 million for the cash balances in the quarter. And finally, we have not drawn down on our revolver in the first 6 months of the year. This is the first time this has been the case since 2007. So that's my summary on the financials. I look forward to meeting more of you over the coming months. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Thank you, John. So briefly summing up, and returning to the 3 points I opened with. First, our strong organic growth in the face of challenging market conditions underscores our diversified strength across geographies, sectors and business lines. Second, we are focused on expenses, and we see the prospect of the core driver of that expense growth, headcount increases, excluding acquisitions, moderating in the second half of the year. Third, there are significant noncash, nonoperating adjustments in the reported and underlying headline numbers this quarter, but there's ample evidence across the half with the ongoing cash generative power of this business. With that, operator, may we please begin the Q&A session. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Paul Newsome from Sandler O'Neill. 
Paul Newsome: I was hoping you could talk a little bit about cash usage this quarter, and perhaps, in the future as we look out towards -- it looks like you're making a little bit more in the acquisitions than you are -- than maybe I would have thought of before. And you did draw down a little bit of cash in the quarter. Can you just talk about sort of how we should think about your cash usage prospectively? And are -- these operational charges aren't going to use some cash as well? 
Dominic Casserley: Sure. Paul, thanks very much for the question. I think our approach to usage of cash remains where it was when we outlined it in the Investor Conference back in July last year, about a year ago. We said then that we saw 4 usages for our cash. They were around, obviously, investments in the business over and above normal CapEx. For some reason, we had usual CapEx. We haven't seen that. Secondly, with the, obviously, M&A opportunities, and I'll come back to that because that was a specific part of your question. Third would be dividend increases, and fourth would be share repurchases. And we've been active on all 3 of -- the last 3 of those. So let me talk about M&A. Our approach to M&A remains the same. We regard our business as fundamentally a people business, and that what we are buying is the talents and capabilities of people and the market franchises they have. Therefore, it is absolutely crucial to us in any M&A transaction that we have plenty of time to get to know the individuals on the other side of the table, if you like, to make sure that they truly want to become part of Willis, and that they want to become part of Willis and that they think that they can outgrow their performance when they were standalone. So if you look at both the Charles Monat acquisition and the Max Matthiessen acquisition, those were both situations where we spent a very large amount of time in exclusive discussions with those institutions and with all the people involved to make sure that everyone understood why 1 plus 1 would equal 3. And so we spend a lot of time on that sort of process than when we're thinking about acquisitions. I think it's fair to say that Willis has become an institution, given the care that its people are coming to understand, we take in doing acquisitions and our approach to integrating and advancing the careers of people who join us. People have come to understand that Willis is an interesting destination to think about taking their institution if they decide to sell. And so I have to say that the pipeline of opportunities we have in M&A is rich, and we're excited about it, but we are looking very carefully. We have very, very strict financial criteria based upon cash flow returns we see out of any acquisitions. And we are obviously focused on growth, and that has led, as we talked earlier, to us actually disposing of some businesses that we thought would not provide enough growth. So yes, you are right. A part of a cash drawdown you saw this quarter was the payment for Charles Monat, as we actually closed that, and obviously, will we plan to be or hope to be closing Max Matthiessen in the second half of the year, and that again, will be either cash or we may well issue some debt to fund a part of that transaction. But we're very comfortable that if we take this very deliberate focus on only closing transactions with institutions where we really see the people aligned and we can do 1 plus 1, that will work. But we've also been using cash for 2 other purposes. We increase our dividend 7% this year as part of our commitment in the July Investor Conference to gradually grow our dividend as a return to investors, and we are still in the process of completing our $200 million share repurchase program that we announced, and that has also been a usage of cash. 
Paul Newsome: Terrific. My second question is this. I'd like your opinion on whether or not you think there's any actual lag between organic growth and new hires. In the past, places like Gallagher, for example, who talked a lot about how they felt like if they went through a period of hiring, they didn't see that organic growth in the first year. It is always sort of a year lag or more. Sometimes the benefit of organic growth never showed up; sometimes it did. So I think there's some room to debate. But as we're looking at your company, you obviously made materially a significant push last year. Should we see -- should we be looking as the outsiders would be looking for that benefit of organic growth in 2015? Or do you think it's already kind of there embedded in the early benefits we saw this quarter? 
Dominic Casserley: That's a very good question, Paul. And I think this has come up before. I think our view is that the returns on hiring people can be quite disparate. There are some individuals who we have hired who have very rapidly generated revenues in relation to their ability out in the marketplace, and you get a very quick return. Some people, it can take longer. What I can assure you is we wouldn't have made the sort of investments we made in the second half of 2013 on the basis that this was sort of a quick win, and that it would sizzle away. We are trying to build, and are in the process of building a very strong, sustainable foundation to drive organic revenue growth on a continuous basis. So those hires were not sort of trying to push revenues just in 2014. They were a part of an important build-out in certain of our businesses to drive medium-term growth as well. And so I think the answer to your question is some people, it's very quick. Some people, it can be first or even well into the second year before you really see the revenue momentum coming. 
Operator: The next question is from Thomas Mitchell from Miller Tabak. 
Thomas Mitchell: Sort of following up on the last question. Historically, there seemed to have been sort of some cycles from time to time the large insurance brokers tend to compete for top producer kind of talent. And I'm wondering if the current environment, where there's quite a few headwinds on rates, there's some headwinds in terms of relatively slow GDP growth in many parts of the world, whether or not it also is becoming more expensive to keep your top producers and/or is more difficult to twist producers away from other firms? 
Dominic Casserley: Thomas, it's a very good question because that is a clear risk. One of the dynamics you definitely see in this business is in a slower growth environment, as you say, when people try and say, "Well, how am I then going to get growth?" They try and reach for it for basically stealing each other's [indiscernible]. We are very cognizant of that risk. So when you look at where we have been investing and building and where we've been adding our head count, a lot of it has been, as we've said before, in the emerging markets, where we have actually seen -- where we think there is natural growth, and where actually Willis has a very, very strong competitive proposition. So we've been adding our capabilities there in Asia, Latin America, for instance. And secondly, you've seen us continue even in this soft environment to take market share in reinsurance, and we do see opportunities most obviously as we take market share in North America to build in Willis Re to take -- and basically, we're having people wanted to join us because of the momentum we have. But we are very sensitive to the challenge of a sort of tit-for-tat hiring process because of a depressed environment is actually not a winning proposition for us, we believe. So we are being very cognizant of that risk. 
Thomas Mitchell: Secondly, I know that you have said in the past that you were using your share repurchase program pretty much to immunize the impact of stock option exercises. Is there a clear point or is there a plan for there to be a clear point at which the share count year-over-year actually begins to reduce or shrink? 
Dominic Casserley: Thomas, you're absolutely right that we announced our share repurchase plan specifically with the plan of immunizing share count growth, and that remains our position. I think that goes back actually to Paul's question, the first question we had, around uses of cash. We're constantly, as I've said before, making trade-offs in terms of where we see value-creation opportunities between dividend increases, M&A and share repurchases. We decided that the right place for us to settle for the moment on share repurchases is to immunize. But as we see different or non-different M&A opportunities, et cetera, again, all looked at on a very tough cash in, cash-out basis and, again, only doing them where we believe the people want to join us and be part of a growing organization. If for some reason, those opportunities slowed, we would obviously revisit that policy because as we pointed out, this is a cash-generative business, and we constantly have to be very sensitive to how we're using that cash. 
Operator: The next question is from Bob Glasspiegel from Janney Capital. 
Robert Glasspiegel: I'm on Paul and Tom's wavelength, so I have just follow-up questions on their questions on cash flow and buyback. My cash flow question is, it's up 11% year-to-date, but most of the cash flow generation is in the second half. With EBITDA flat, I would suspect the cash flow will normalize to EBITDA with pension maybe being the one offset. Any sort of thoughts on how we should think about modeling what the cash flow for the year should be? And how big is the pension decline year-over-year in the first half, John, that you referred to? 
Dominic Casserley: So I'm going to just set this up by saying, Bob, as you know, and as we said a couple of times, we believe the best medium-term proxy for thinking about the cash flow generative capabilities of this business and a decent proxy is EBITDA, because you do get balance sheet items moving around. But I would turn it over to John just to take you through the specifics on some of those balance sheet items in the pension payments. John? 
John Greene: Yes, thank you, Dominic. Bob, there's a couple of things on cash that I've noticed since I came into the business. So the first thing was that there's not a formal working capital management program in Willis, and we're certainly going to introduce one, which I think can do 2 things. It can help improve the turns on the receivables, and then also, we're going to look at payable terms, see what that will do. But to get to your specific question on pensions, the difference between '13 and '14 was roughly $20 million to $23 million. So a net decrease in the contributions from pensions. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Is there more of that in the second half or is that just tilted to first half? 
John Greene: We're not sure. It depends on how the pension funding is going to shake out and we continue to do some analysis on that. So I would take the $23 million, and then leave it there for now. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. And just following up on Tom's immunization of buyback, with the stock price down and management not meeting the plans that you've established, is it possible that stock option grants will be less than you thought or is that more a 2015 issue? You're going to be buying back more shares than you modeled so it seems like you could do a little bit better than immunize share buyback, but maybe I'm missing something, share grants. 
Dominic Casserley: No, Bob. I mean, I think we cannot predict exactly how many stock options will be exercised by our employees. We know the number that's out there, but we can't predict exactly how many will actually be exercised in any one particular period. So we'll see. I'm certainly not going to either react to your stock price comment. We'll see how that all resolves. But the point, I think, we would make is we are still focused on immunization, but that is our policy, and we will see as option execution takes place, we'll see how we then need to respond by uses of cash. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Just to be clear, I was talking about the stock price being down year-to-date as of yesterday's close. So you should be able to buy a little bit more shares than you were budgeting with $200 million. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, that could well be, because, as you saw, you're correct to point out that year-to-date, we had not fully immunized, right. We had a $0.01 hit to earnings per share relating to creep, right? So you're right, we're still in the process of getting to the immunization that we're aiming for. 
Operator: The next question is from Josh Shanker from Deutsche Bank. 
Joshua Shanker: Dominic, in your prepared remarks, you said that there were difficult comps in the first half this year because of the hiring that took place in the second half of this year. Could we argue that the trailing 12 months' margin is a good place to start normalized Willis margins before the impact of the restructuring in the next couple of years? 
Dominic Casserley: No. Josh, thank you for your question. No, I do -- we do think, actually, the comps that we've seen in the last 6 months, we always knew, as we went through this investment, they were going to be challenging and they turned out to be. Given what we hope will happen with the headcount growth and with expense growth as a result during the rest of the year, we'll see where margin settles out. So I would give us a little time before you decide what the underlying margin is. And then of course, you're right to point to the operational improvement program, and we will be giving you -- obviously, you will see what our reported results are, but we will obviously be giving you the adjusted or underlying results so you can see how business performs and how, therefore, the margin performs that will emerge when they're no longer taking charges. It is obviously the aim of the program to drive our performance cash flow up and, thereby, one of the means will be that the margin will go up. That is our expectations. 
Joshua Shanker: Makes sense, makes sense. And the press release in your prepared remarks seem to be moving people away from what used to be called adjusted operating income or adjusted operating margin towards what you're calling underlying operation -- operating margin, which excludes the effects of ForEx. And I think that makes sense. I was wondering if you intend to give investors the historical ForEx information so they can calculate that themselves historically? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, let me turn it over to John. 
John Greene: Yes, that's a good question. I think that's a reasonable expectation. So Peter and I will get together and see if we can work out a schedule in terms of FX, and get it out on our website or through some other communication mechanism. 
Joshua Shanker: Excellent. And finally, given the non-operating or non-cash flow charges during the quarter, do have any -- outside of the operational improvement program, do you have any insight into noncash, non-operating type charges that might be hitting the P&L over the next 6 months? 
John Greene: Yes. So we don't forecast these things, obviously. And what I would say is, as I've come in here and worked over the past 2 months, we've worked through the balance sheet and the income statement, and there's nothing out there that's glaring, but I reserve the right to change my mind if circumstances change. 
Operator: The next question is from someone from Vinay Misquith from Evercore. 
Vinay Misquith: The first question is on the foreign exchange. I believe this quarter was negatively hurt by some foreign exchange year-over-year. Would that also impact the second half of the year in terms of expenses? 
John Greene: Well, I'll give the largest pressure point on the FX, and it's, honestly, a structural mismatch between U.K. pound expenses and billings that are coming in, in U.S. dollars. So again, if I had a crystal ball on what the pound-dollar exchange rate would do, I'd probably wouldn't be the CFO in this business. I'd likely retired by now. But if the pound remains where it is, we're going to add some continued pressure on that. 
Vinay Misquith: Sure. Now it seems that it was about $15 million or $16 million or maybe it was $11 million from the expense perspective. So would that stay relatively flat per quarter for the next couple of quarters if the exchange rates stay where they are right now? 
John Greene: Yes, well, it's hard to say. So if every single exchange rate remained the same and our revenue base was the same and our expense base was the same, those numbers would be the same, but there's a lot of assumptions in there, right? And we know we're in a seasonal business, which will impact, certainly, the revenue, the expense base less. So I'd use some judgment on that. But overall, when we're looking at currencies, what we do in terms of modeling out is we assume the current period is what will be going forward, and then that fluctuation is dealt with as part of the underlying results. 
Dominic Casserley: And clearly, part of the issue here has been the run-up of sterling from the 1.50s to about 1.70. And if everything stays the same, quarter by quarter, that will gradually unwind. So if a year from now, we're still at 1.70, we will suddenly no longer have that differential. 
Vinay Misquith: Sure. Fair enough. Yes, because just looking at the year-over-year for the second half, I think that we might have to adjust the expenses slightly higher should the foreign exchange remain the same right now. Okay. The second point was on the expense growth. You mentioned hires happened in the second half of last year. When can we start to see the year-over-year comps get there? Or maybe the easy way to put it would be, this quarter, your headcount was up 4%. So looking at the third quarter and fourth quarter, how would you say the year-over-year headcount would be moving? 
Dominic Casserley: So we do not give quarter-by-quarter forward guidance. What we try to signal to you very clearly is the following, is that headcount -- there's 2 parts. Headcount, year-to-date, is up 1%, and 1/3 of that headcount increase is in our lower-cost Mumbai operations. Secondly, you have heard no determination about headcount growth for the rest of the year, right? I'm not going to give a pinpoint number as to what that will be, but you can hear in our voice, I hope, our determination on this topic. And so we expect, as a result, the -- during the course of the second half to see that differential decline. 
Vinay Misquith: Okay, that's helpful. And then one last, just a numbers question, if I may. The Venezuelan tax charge, where was that on the financial statement? Was it part of the $787 million of expenses? 
John Greene: No, it was in other income. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Cliff Gallant with Nomura. 
Clifford Gallant: Just one quick one was, I didn't -- could you please repeat the comments you made about the tax rate in the second half of the year? I wasn't sure if there was a -- what the -- if you'd just clarify what that was. And then my second question was more just about the M&A environment. You commented briefly in your prepared remarks, but how does the pipeline there look? Particularly, could you comment on Gras Savoye, and any updates there? 
Dominic Casserley: You go first on tax. 
John Greene: All right. So, Cliff, what happened is we took a look at how the U.S. taxes, so the expense, was being charged for essentially the phasing throughout the quarters in both 2013 and 2014. And what we found was that the tax expense was charged 25% in each of the quarters. So each quarter, we historically took 25% of the total year tax expense and charged it in that particular quarter, regardless of what the pretax numbers were. And so upon review, what we decided to do was have the tax expense match the pretax profit that was being generated in the particular quarter. So what we had to do is basically pull in tax expense into the first half. It would have been higher in the second half only because we used a straight-line methodology. So that difference was $13 million. And essentially, it took tax out of the second half of the year, when our earnings will be lower, and put it into the first half of the year. And when I say earnings will be lower, I'm speaking of the seasonality nature of the business, not providing any guidance in terms of what we think will happen. 
Dominic Casserley: On M&A and our pipeline, and then I'm going to turn it over to Tim Wright to talk about both the performance of Gras Savoye a little bit and then where we are in the process. On our pipeline, let me reiterate what I said that, first of all, everyone on this call should be assured that we look at any transaction we might take very, very carefully. The Charles Monat and Max Matthiessen discussions went on for a very long time, and were exclusive in both cases so that we could get very close to those organizations. We have basically been extremely wary of auction-type events. There have been a couple of very high-profile auction transactions outside the United States, and we basically were not excited about those situations. We could not see how we could create value when there was just a line of people outside the door. So the pipeline is, as I said, one we're interested in. But we have very, very tough criteria, and we are very clear that 1 plus 1 must equal 3. Let me now turn over to Tim, just to give us a bit of an update on Gras Savoye. 
Timothy Wright: Thank you, Dominic. And, Cliff, so first of all on performance at Gras Savoye, as you will have seen through our associates line, we have an improvement there of about $2 million year-on-year. That was in great part down to better performance in Gras Savoye. And you know we have said previously that this year we anticipate our associates lines contributing between $10 million and $50 million overall for the full year, which would compare with 0 for last year. And that difference is driven by the growth in the underlying businesses, particularly, Gras Savoye, where last year, we had a negative impact from the charges associated with their operational improvement program. We're starting to see the benefits of that program. And while we don't provide financial performance information on Gras Savoye, I can tell you that we will see an improvement in the cost position reflecting that process last year, and we see good revenue momentum. So that's the performance side of Gras Savoye. In terms of where we are in our consideration, nothing has changed from what we have said previously. As you know, we have the option to purchase the remaining 70% of Gras Savoye, and that option is exercisable at the end of April next year. I think, as we've also said, we will apply the criteria that Dominic has described on many occasions. It's worth noting there are a number of very attractive features to Gras Savoye. It passed many of our tests. First of all, to Dominic's earlier point, we know them very well. We have worked closely with them for many years. That's unusual in an acquisition situation. They are a leader in the French market, which, by the way, is also home to a large number of French multinationals, and they have great emerging markets exposure, particularly in Africa and the Middle East. They have -- about 1/3 of their business is Employee Benefits, or Human Capital and Benefits. But as we have said, as we go through the final stages of jurisdiction, we will make our assessment, applying the very strict criteria, but the relationship is good and the progress is positive. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: The underlying inflationary increase in salaries and benefits at 6%, really not much more than your growth in the headcount. As you see that headcount decelerate, will that kind of underlying inflation be similar, just 2% or 3%? 
Dominic Casserley: I think yes. Well, I think we said in our announcement, Mark, that the inflation rate was about 2% in the numbers. So obviously, we think and we look at that very carefully. That is not a number we just give: "Oh, yes, it's going to be 2%," right? And that reflects differentials. In some markets, obviously, in some of the Latin American markets, you've got much higher rates of inflation. In some markets, obviously, you have close to deflation. So it's just an average number, and we are not giving away 2%, let me assure you. The -- obviously, we would assume that as our headcount growth declines, the total cost or growth rate of overall headcount will also decline. 
Mark Hughes: So just to close the circle, assuming you're able to sustain this organic growth trend that you've had, and you lap the expense build-up last year, there's every reason to assume that you ought to be able to see the salary and benefit ratio improve year-over-year as we get into, say, the fourth quarter? 
Dominic Casserley: As you know, we do not give guidance, but you can certainly construct the math that way. 
Mark Hughes: And then a final question, the human capital business was low single digits this quarter. I think it was more like mid-single digits last quarter, anything to that? 
Dominic Casserley: First of all, that reference to human capital is to our human capital business in North America, right? And you should be aware, particularly, post the acquisition of Max Matthiessen, North America will be, at this point, about 1/2 of global human capital business, right. But the reference we had was to our North American human capital business. And let me turn over to Todd Jones just to give you some commentary on that. 
Todd Jones: Yes. Mark, the second quarter for the North American human capital business is not a huge quarter for us. So we were happy with the growth. I think, notably, and we've talked about this in past calls, the -- our exchange platform, the number of prospects in the business we continue to draw to Willis based on the position. We're excited about where that business is heading, and I think it's a sort of a key feature through the growth in North America. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Klauber with William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: I've got more of a, I guess, long-term strategic question. When I think about the competitive landscape, we have the global brokers and the middle-market brokers. The global brokers, clearly, run the larger businesses, deal with more complex clients, have more infrastructure. The middle-market brokers tend to have more of a focus on sales and tend to be light infrastructure. Willis has historically done both, and really balanced both sides of the coin. But in a sense, they've, I think, had a facade more like a global broker, but the infrastructure more of a regional broker, and that resulted in margins that were actually more like middle-market brokers than global brokers. So again, I apologize about the long-winded question. But I guess, strategically, how do you see the organization, more as a global broker, as a middle-market broker? And can you -- and how do you picture the margin longer term, more like a global broker or more like a middle-market broker? 
Dominic Casserley: That's a good question, Adam. So first of all, just to reorient you just a little bit, Willis' history, you would absolutely say would be as a global broker. And it has been built out of our position in North America that has tended to make people particularly sitting here see Willis as having a heavier middle-market orientation and the global footprint would tell you. So our approach is the following. We are absolutely a global broker in the Willis Re space, and in our approach to the corporate space, large enough a middle market. And our entire connecting Willis initiative is about bringing together our specialty capabilities and our large corporate and upper-middle-market retail capabilities to do a better and better job of winning market share in that space. When it comes to the middle-market, we have a selective approach as to which markets we will dive deep into on the middle-market basis. We are very excited about our middle-market platform in North America. It continues to perform very strongly and is obviously an integral part of the growth we have seen in North America, as is our large corporate performance in North America. In other markets around the world, we decide whether to compete in the middle market at all, whether to compete in the middle market directly or whether to do so by network arrangements with other local brokers, where we bring to bear our global capabilities. So we are selective in thinking through how to pursue the middle market. As it comes to margin, I'm going to take you back again to what we are focused on, and I want to keep reiterating this. We are focused on growing cash flow. We are focused on growing cash flow, which is the mixture of revenue growth and margin performance, right? And so I don't think I think about where are we going to rest versus a middle-market broker or a large corporate broker. What I focus on, and the whole team is focused on, is growing cash flow, which means we have to drive top line growth and, of course, we have to improve our margins over time, and where we settle versus the others I'm not, I think, that interested. What I think you should understand is how we think about our business in terms of the global approach in Willis Re and in the large corporate and other middle-market space and the selective approach on the middle-market elsewhere. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Arash Soleimani with KBW. 
Arash Soleimani: Just a couple of quick ones. In terms of the comment you made a contingent commissions, I know you said that it wouldn't be impactful in 2014. But looking beyond 2014, is that something that would be at all material or would it still be pretty small? 
Dominic Casserley: So the answer, Arash, of course, is that we don't fully know. We're only beginning down this path. And I would reiterate what we said, that this is part of an overall approach to market-derived income. We shouldn't just single-down on contingent commissions. We're just starting the process of engaging with some of our carrier friends on this issue. I think it is clear. I want to be clear that we don't think it has any material impact in 2014. These contracts, if we end up signing them, have a lag effect often to them. So I would say the impact in 2015 would be less than any impact in 2016 most probably. Obviously, should we find these arrangements possible to put in place, they are attractive economically because most of those revenues fall straight to the bottom line. And the quantum, we will see, as we negotiate those arrangements. 
Arash Soleimani: And then lastly, I know we've seen some, I guess, mixed results from your competitors in terms of reinsurance. I know you mentioned that you were able to get some positive organic growth there. So I'm just wondering within your business, what are the things that you're able to do to drive that in the environment? 
Dominic Casserley: So let me turn it over to Steve Hearn to talk about Willis Re. 
Steven Hearn: Thanks, Dominic, and thanks for the question. Yes, our reinsurance business has continued to perform well, and at the half year, outperforming our 2 immediate competitors in terms of growth rate. What's going on is some things that are going on in the reinsurance sector, some significant change. We've talked about some of it before. The impact of so-called new capital into that segment is obviously significant, and nothing has abated the pace of the new capital, as far as I'm concerned. And we've definitely become an interesting new asset class for many new investors into the segment. The debate continues as to whether that's temporary or something far more fundamental, and I'm very much of the latter opinion, that it's driven by macroeconomics and pricing and no more than that. And I think one of the answers to your questions is Willis Re have done a good job in embracing the opportunities that come from that factor, representing, obviously, that in terms of opportunity for our clients and, for that matter, for our shareholders for the growth that they've driven. To my mind, there's no debate that's having an impact on the rating environment. Market dynamics also look at the way our clients are considering what they risk transfer and what they retain. In terms of risks, some do take the opportunity to buy more when prices are down, to buy different coverages, et cetera. Others are retaining much more risk themselves than they haven, at least, in the recent past. Again, the way we've gone about that, the way I've seen our insurance business go about that is either of those scenarios still requires the advice of experts. You still need actuarial support, cat modeling, et cetera, and we've embraced the changes in the dynamics of the market, and I think taking good advantage of it. Now we've seen a -- again, a continuing performance, as Dominic said, in his prepared remarks around retention rate and new business rate in our reinsurance business. And again, I think it's in the way that they've gone about embracing the change in the marketplace, and as you quite rightly say, we performed well against our competitors over the half year. 
Arash Soleimani: If I can actually just jump back to my first question. Is it accurate to say that because Willis wasn't accepting contingents in the past REIT, were your base commissions higher than competitors who were accepting contingent commissions? And if so, would that just mean that once you accept them, it's not something that would necessarily boost revenue. It would just cause some of the revenues to be higher-margin? Is that sort of the right way to think of it? 
Dominic Casserley: That's a good question. Let me may have Steve take a go at that. 
Steven Hearn: Yes, I'll take a go at it. I think it's a great question. I think it actually lies at the heart of Dominic's earlier answer, which was we don't actually know. There's no -- of what the impact of what's going to happen here. There's no question that how we generate revenues from the placement of our clients' business. It's a myriad of different things that are going on, obviously, straight commissions, their incremental commissions, fees, MDI, more generally. And I think this is going to take us some time to get into negotiations with the carriers in terms of where the opportunities are for us to benefit from this. Remembering the first and foremost is our responsibility and duty to our client, and making sure that we're providing optimal outcome for them. So new business penetration, renewal retentions, providing optimal outcome for clients, and yes, of course, how do we earn out of doing that will be what we focus on moving forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Kai Pan with Morgan Stanley. 
Kai Pan: Most of my questions have been answered. Just last one on the tax rates. It seems like that you are changing from uniform dollar tax payments to a more sort of even distributed tax rate, depending sort of -- the dollar amounts were depending on the pretax income of each quarter. So is that the right way to think about it? Then secondly, in the past, you have guided -- like 2013, you said the full-year tax rate will run about 23%. Is that still a valid tax rate, underlying tax rate going forward? 
John Greene: Okay. Yes, thanks for the question. So let me just back up a little bit and talk about the 2 components driving the tax rate here, and one of the components was the deferred tax valuation allowance, $21 million. And then the other one was phasing of the tax expense, which pulled in $13 million into the first half, okay? That $13 million doesn't change the total year tax rate. It's just a phasing bit. So the way I think about the tax rate is it's a mix. It's generated by a mix of business from across the world, where we had different tax rates in each jurisdiction. So we do know that the U.S. has one of the highest corporate tax rates in the geographies we operate in. So as there's more business generated in North America, that would generate incremental tax expense for the corporation. So I think what you're looking for is how to think about the tax rate going forward, and the best advice I could give you is if you take a look at our year-to-date tax rate, remove the 2, I'll say, chunky items that we highlighted, that will give you a rate. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS. 
Brian Meredith: A couple questions here for you. First, understand what's going on with the S&B. If you could just chat a little bit or drill down a little bit on what's going on with other operating expenses. I know there's initiatives and stuff that you've got going on right now. When are those initiatives going to kind of slow down and come down, and what are kind of the magnitude of them as we look forward? 
Dominic Casserley: So I'm going to hand over to John in a second. But I think there is a generic point here we should acknowledge. Though, on paper, something like 75% of our costs are S&B roughly, we think that they drive more of our expenses directly as well. So some of the growth you see in our other operating expenses is actually linked to our headcount growth. For instance, as we hire more people out in the client space, serving clients, which is what we're trying to do to drive our revenue growth. There is some correlation to travel and expense growth as well. 
Brian Meredith: I didn't know if maybe consultants and stuff were within that number as well? 
Dominic Casserley: No, but let me have John just talk about that. 
John Greene: Yes, so underlying other operating expenses up about 6% for the quarter. And there's a number of factors driving that, but you know that there's 3 or 4 main items there. So there is professional service fees. We did incur a higher level of professional service fees related to the Max Matthiessen acquisition that we announced. So that was what I'll say a relatively chunky item for their quarter. And our new business development activities were higher, as supported by the growth rate that we've seen here. That added a couple of million dollars there. But I would say from an overall standpoint in terms of how we're thinking about managing expenses, we do have a good infrastructure in place in order to manage expenses. What I think we're going to focus on going forward here probably more discreetly is delegations of authorities, and also making sure we're making, I'll say, the best decision possible for every single dollar we spend, and I think that will result in a positive outcome for the company and for shareholders. 
Brian Meredith: Great. And then just one other quick question. Can you remind us what runs through that other income expense line item? If you back out the Venezuelan item, it looked like there was a fair amount of income coming through that line? 
John Greene: Yes, so yes, that's a good question. So there was FX revaluation coming through there, and gains on disposals. 
Brian Meredith: Gains on disposals. So we shouldn't necessarily think of the other income line as kind of a recurring item? 
John Greene: What I would do is I would look at the historical trend on that, and there's -- typically, from what I've seen, a credit, and we had a substantial charge go through related to Venezuela. 
Operator: At this time, I'm showing no further questions. I'm going to turn the call back over to the speakers. 
Dominic Casserley: I want to thank you very much for everybody's attention and joining our call. We really appreciate your interest in our company, and the great questions we come -- and we get from you, and we look forward to talking to you again at the end of the third quarter. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you, and this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation. At this time, you may disconnect your lines.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-04-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for holding. [Operator Instructions] The conference is being recorded. And I'd like to introduce your speaker, Mr. Peter Poillon, Director of Investor Relations. 
Peter Poillon: Thank you, and welcome to our First Quarter 2014 Earnings Conference Call, which is being hosted by Dominic Casserley, Chief Executive Officer of Willis Group Holdings. A webcast replay of the call, along with a slide presentation to which we'll be referring can be accessed through our website. If any questions after the call, my direct line is +1 (212) 915-8084.
 Please note that we may make certain statements relating to future results, which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated. These statements reflect our opinions only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update them in light of new information or future events.
 Please refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, and subsequent filings, as well as our earnings press release for a more detailed discussion of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website.
 Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release and slides associated with this call.
 I'll now turn the call over to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Welcome, and thank you for joining our quarterly conference call.
 With me today are Michael Neborak, CFO; Steve Hearn, our Deputy CEO and Head of Willis Global; Tim Wright, Head of Willis International; and Todd Jones, Head of Willis North America.
 By now you've had a chance to read the news release that we put out last night, announcing both our first quarter earnings and our multi-year operation improvement program. After we walk you through those areas in our prepared remarks, we will be happy to answer your questions.
 So let me start with an overview of our first quarter results. We delivered revenue of almost $1.1 billion, up 4.4% from the prior year. Our growth in commissions and fees, both reported and organic were 4.2% for the group. Over the past 6 quarters, our organic growth has averaged 5.3%.
 One of the reasons we have sustained this momentum, is that we have a portfolio of growth businesses across Willis Global, Willis North America, and Willis International. Not all may be firing on all cylinders in every quarter, but we have enough diversity in the global portfolio to underpin good organic growth.
 This quarter, Willis International led the way, contributing 7.2% organic growth, Willis  North America contributed 4.7% and Willis Global came in at 2%.
 Turning to expenses. On an underlining basis, total expenses were up about 5.5% compared to the first quarter of last year. While Mike will provide more detailed commentary on expenses later in the call, this increase does reflect to a large degree our on-going investments in growth, that I just discussed. We are committed to continuing to invest in our growth businesses in the emerging markets, specialty areas and in [indiscernible] Now with that context, we have also identified a set of opportunities to significantly step up our operational effectiveness and efficiency.
 The multi-year operation improvement program, we announced yesterday, captures our planning for even stronger client service and substantial cost savings. Starting in 2014 and building to 2018 and beyond, I'll give more detail on the program later in the call.
 Let me turn to our first quarter earnings. Our reported GAAP earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share for the quarter $1.35 and $1.36, respectively. Once again, those results for this quarter includes a negative FX impact equivalent to $0.03 per share in the quarter. This compares to reported EPS of $1.24 and adjusted EPS of $1.46 in the year ago quarter.
 Now let's spend a few minutes looking at each of the businesses in some detail, and I'll start with Willis North America. The North American business achieved organic growth in commissions and fees of 4.7% in the first quarter. The majority of North America's growth was again largely driven by new business wins combined with solid potential networks [ph]. As we mentioned on our previous earnings call, overall, we are seeing a leveling out of rates in North America. We saw declines in some products at the top of the [indiscernible]  some specialty lines such as aerospace. But we also saw rate increases in other lines, including workers comp, construction, cyber and DNL. However, in total, rates did not materially impact our growth in the first quarter of 2014.
 For a more in-depth view of rates and market dynamics in North America, please take a look at our spring update market-based realities [ph] that we published earlier this month. It is available on our website.
 Looking at North America by region. From beginning of the year, we've realigned our business into 7 geographic regions, Northeast, Atlantic, South, Midwest, West, California and Canada. Growth was well distributed across most of these areas led by strong results in the Midwest and the South.
 Looking at these results from an industry impacted perspective, we saw good growth across a number of lines. Importantly, our 2 largest North American practices, Construction and Human Capital, both had a good start to the year. The construction Practice grew in the low teens with group project revenue in the quarter, and our Human Capital Practice was up mid-single digits.
 I'd like to provide an update on our healthcare exchange strategy, which includes our own exchange offerings from Willis Advantage.
 We now have 16 current and committed exchange clients in total, and 4 of these are new to Willis. We continue to attract [indiscernible] from current clients and prospects alike. We are now engaged in discussions with over 750 prospects, of which about half are new to the given [ph] capital practice. You will remember, when we last talked to you that by pipeline was about 600.
 For a company to decide to move to an exchange is a big decision, and involves many months of work by their HR department and a period of communication to staff. So turning prospects into clients, naturally takes time. So we are really pleased with our progress and our pipeline in this important growth area.
 Let's now move to Willis International. Our international operations grew 7.2% in the first quarter, with most of the growth coming from emerging and developing markets. Let me provide a little detail in the regions that comprise our international business.
 In Western Europe, we saw modest growth driven by new business and solid potential. We are pleased with our ability to continue to grow in Western Europe, given the generally weak economic conditions that persist in many of these countries.
 Our growth was spread across the region with strong result from Iberia, Italy and Sweden.
 In Eastern Europe, we recorded low double-digit growth, primarily driven by strong performance in Russia.
 Latin America delivered low teens growth. Most of the countries in the region continued to do well, with strong growth in Brazil and excellent performances coming from many of the other countries, including Venezuela, Argentina, Chile and Mexico.
 Asia also had a very good quarter. Strong results in China and Hong Kong. Australasia was down, but by less than 1%, with growth in New Zealand offset by a decline in Australia.
 Let's now turn Willis Global, which comprises Willis Re, Global Insurance, Facultative, Risk, and Willis Capital Markets & Advisory. This is the first quarter in which our U.K. retail operations are being reported within Willis Global, following the combination early this year of our Willis UK and Global specialty businesses in a new unit called Global Insurance.
 Willis Global reported organic growth of 2% in the quarter, reflecting the blend of different results across its component businesses.
 The reinsurance business had another excellent quarter, growing high single digits in a seasonally large quarter, and on top of good growth in the first quarter of last year. Excellent results in our specialty reinsurance division led the way with mid-teens growth on the back of strong new business wins.
 North America reinsurance was up mid-single digits also on the back of new business wins, while international reinsurance was down slightly.
 We've noted a continuation in the trend towards softening reinsurance rates across almost all classes of business and geographies. And we're feeling the impact of these rates to a degree. But as the analytical broker, we are helping to guide our clients through a maze of complex decisions in an evolving market.
 With our help, our clients are achieving substantial savings in the cost of their reinsurance protection and some are taking advantage of market opportunity to buy more cover.
 For a further discussion of reinsurance rates globally, I've referenced our updated first [indiscernible] report that we published on April 1. You can find it on our website.
 Moving on to our Global Insurance business, it was down high single digits, reflecting a disappointing quarter for both the UK retail business and parts of our Global Specialties businesses. Among the Specialties businesses, marine and aerospace continue to be hampered by challenging market conditions and some negative timing of revenues that we expect will come in later in the year.
 Within our construction, property and casualty business, we saw less project related new business in the current quarter compared to last year. This is simply due to the nature of this business, its result and [indiscernible].
 In our UK retail business, weaker performance was driven by a variety of factors. These included revenue timing effect and lower levels of new business for example in our corporate business and reflecting the improving U.K. economy in our installed businesses.
 At beginning of the year, we started the process of combining our specialty and retail operations in U.K. under one leadership team. We are confident that over time this combination will enable us to deliver a market-leading proposition for our customers and drive good growth.
 So overall, we achieved solid 4.2% organic growth, continuing the trend you had seen from us for the previous 5 quarters, despite some areas of softness that we're actively addressing.
 With that, I'll turn it over to Mike to discuss the rest of the financial results before coming back to you to talk to you about our operational improvement program and then moving to Q&A. 
Michael Neborak: Thank you, Dominic, and good day, everyone. I'll be referring frequently to the slide presentation posted to our website.
 I'd like to begin on Slide 3, which summarizes the financial reporting changes we made at the beginning of 2014. The most significant change was combining our UK retail business, which previously formed part of our international segment with our UK Specialties businesses to form a new unit called Global Insurance within the Willis Global segment.
 I also want to highlight the movement of revaluation of FX along with gains and losses on disposals out of operating expenses to a new line item below operating income called Other income and expense.
 For 2013 and 2012, we moved $22 million and $16 million, respectively from net gains into the new line item. And for 2011, we moved $5 million of net loss.
 Now let me turn to the financial results for the quarter on Slide 4, which shows adjusted operating income of $326 million, statistically flat when compared to the year ago number, and adjusted EPS of $1.36, down $0.10 from first quarter last year.
 Please note, however, that 3 items negatively impacted EPS comparison to last year. First, FX reduced EPS this quarter by $0.03, while the higher share count, the higher tax rate each lowered EPS by $0.05.
 Slide 5 shows 4.2% organic C&F growth broken out by segment. Dominic will provide the color on each of those segments, but let me highlight a carryover impact from the fourth quarter of last year. Recall, that last quarter, our organic commission fee growth was constrained by a revenue recognition adjustment in China. Essentially, revenue that would have been reported in the fourth quarter last year under the previous revenue recognition policy was pushed to a future period. That situation has now started to reverse with a positive impact, approximately $6 million to our current quarter.
 Pulling the positive impact, International organic growth was still very good at 4.7%, and the group's organic growth would have been about 60 basis points lower at 3.6%.
 Lets turn to expenses starting on Slide 6. Dominic mentioned earlier that the underlying growth in total operating expenses, which excludes impact of the expense reduction charge we incurred in the first quarter last year and the negative impact of foreign exchange in the current quarter, was 5.5%.
 This is broadly consistent with the underlying expense growth we've seen over the last 6 consecutive quarters. We're going to talk about the drivers of that growth in the current quarter, then Dominic will discuss the operational improvement program and how we expect that program will affect the cost base going forward.
 First, salaries and benefits, which accounts for around 75% of our total operating expenses.
 Slide 7, shows that underlying S&B expense increased by 5%. This was slightly better than the 5.6% growth we saw for the full year 2013. The main drivers of that growth are similar to what you've heard us talk about in recent calls.
 First, headcount, which is up about 3%, since a year ago. And second, the impact of annual salary increases. The headcount growth has been strategically directed to areas where we see growth opportunities, such as emerging and [indiscernible] markets in reinsurance, specific businesses at Global Wealth Solutions in Asia and revenue initiative, such has our Connecting Willis Program.
 Let's now look at other operating expenses. On Slide 8, you'll see the quarter-on-quarter comparison. On an underlying basis, those expenses were up $13 million, or 8.7%. This reflects business development costs relating to Connecting Willis and other growth opportunities. In addition, we had increased spend on systems-related projects.
 Depreciation expenses for the quarter was $23 million, up from $21 million last year, driven by costs associated with a number of IP projects that came online late last year. All of this activity, of course, affects our operating margin.
 As you can see on Slide 9, the adjusted operating margin declined 140 basis points to 29.7%. Unfavorable FX accounted for 50 basis points, leaving the underlying decline 90 basis points.
 Looking at the segment margins. North America and International, achieved margin expansion this quarter of 290 and 60 basis points, respectively.  Global's margin declined 310 basis points, driven by comparatively low revenue growth, continued investments in the segment, and approximately 80 basis points of unfavorable foreign exchange.
 Now on taxes. The adjusted tax rate for the first quarter was 22% compared to 19% in the year ago quarter. It's worth stating again that the quarterly tax rate will vary meaningfully from the full year rate. In 2013, the overall adjusted tax rate was 20%, but the quarterly rate range is low at 19% in Q1, and is high as 24% in Q3.
 On the associates line, the largest component of which is Gras Savoye, first quarter 2014 showed a profit of $19 million compared to a profit of $15 million last year. As we stated on our last call, we expect the associates lines to be profitable in 2014 in a range of $10 million to $15 million.
 The seasonality of income to be consistent with prior years with a strong first quarter, as that is when the majority of Gras Savoye's income is recorded. We expect that to be followed by flat to net operating losses in the associates line over the remainder of the year.
 Let me wrap up with some comments on the balance sheet and cash flow. As shown on Slide 10, we ended the first quarter with $734 million of cash, down $62 million from year end, but up over $200 million from March 2013. Total debt outstanding at quarter end was $2.3 billion, down slightly from the end of last year.
 Cash generated from operations this quarter was $5 million, down from $39 million last year, due to changes in working capital, most notably, the payment of certain bonuses in March of this year that were paid in April last year.
 I'd also like to point out that we began repurchasing our stock during the last week of February, and we repurchased 904,000 shares in the quarter at a total of cost $38 million.
 Employee stock option exercises added $43 million to cash in the quarter. And finally, unlike prior year, we did not draw down from our revolver in the first quarter as cash on hand was sufficient to cover the seasonally high operating cash outflows associated with the payment of annual expenses in March.
 With that, I'll turn the call back to Dom. 
Dominic Casserley: Thank you, Mike. As we announced recently, John Greene will be succeeding Mike as Group CFO. Since this will be Mike's last earnings call, I wanted to take this opportunity to acknowledge the very significant contributions Mike has made over the last 4 years to the tight financial management of the Willis Group, the ongoing improvement of our balance sheet and the continued focus of the financial team on cash flow. Mike has also been a great source of advice and support to me as I've taken over the CEO role. So Mike, thank you, on
 behalf of all of us at Willis.
 Let me now turn to the multi-year operation improvement program, we announced with our earnings release last night, which I touched on earlier. This program marks a significant step in our continuous pursuit of operational excellence. It is designed to further strengthen our client service capabilities and to deliver substantial savings starting now with annualized savings in our cost base from 2018.
 Let me start with the financial details, and then I'll provide some contextual background of the program. On Slide 12, you can see that we expect that the program starting in 2014 will deliver cumulative savings of approximately $420 million through the end of 2017. From 2018 onwards, the program results in an annualized reduction in our cost base of around $300 million. To access these efficiencies, we plan to take a cumulative charge of $410 million starting in the second quarter of 2014 through to the end of 2017.
 So the savings associated with the program are expected to offset the charge to access them during the life of the program out through the end of 2017.  We will then derive significant annual benefit from 2018 and thereafter.
 We have given indicative phasing on the $420 million of cumulative savings in 2014 to 2017. We expect modest savings over the remainder of 2014 of about $5 million. Approximately $45 million of savings in 2015, approximately $135 million in 2016, and approximately $235 million in 2017.
 We expect that about 70% of our savings will come from workforce relocation or reduction and 30% from real estate, operations, IT and other changes. These estimated savings are before any potential reinvestments. We expect the majority of savings to be reflected in earnings.
 Today's announcement follows months of detailed analysis and planning across all of our operations. As you can see on Slide 13, workforce relocation, real estate and technology will be the primary levers in delivering our targeted efficiency gains.  In some areas, we're accelerating existing successful initiative, in others we are bringing fresh thinking. As ever, maintaining and improving client service will continue to be at the heart of everything we do.
 On the subject of location, where we see possibly the greatest opportunities, we have a track record of successfully operating across time zones from lower cost locations, including Mumbai, and Ipswich in the U.K. and Nashville. Further possible sites in Europe and Latin America are under active review. We will now accelerate these successful initiatives to rebalance the footprint of our support functions.
 Our current ratio of employees in higher cost office locations to employees in lower cost regions is about 80:20. We will rebalance that ratio to approximately 60:40 by 2018, by moving at least 3,500 support roles out of a current employee population of more than 18,000 into lower cost locations. Now this is a profound change that will take time to complete, but it will give us a more effective allocation of people to the right places, with the right skills to deliver with maximum effectiveness and efficiency for clients. We also anticipate some reduction in support roles as we rollout best practices and redevelop our operating processes.
 Ensuring we are effective in our use of space, is another key focus for us. This is fundamentally about bringing more modern ways of using real estate to Willis, adopting the best practices of peer professional services, we can make our real estate more user friendly and reduce its cost. The results of this work will be that we'll reduce the ratio of seats per employee and average square footage per employee in line with benchmark norms.
 Finally, we will make more effective use of technology by reducing complexity, removing duplications and obsolescence across businesses and geographies, and tailoring systems more closely to client needs. We have managed to grow a powerful suite of IT applications. But in the past, they were developed independently by our various businesses. The opportunity here is to reuse and rationalize this space and systems, going forward develop our IT in a fully coordinated way. We are known for the power of our analytics. I want that to be just as much a feature of our operational DNA, as it is in the solutions we deliver for clients.
 This program will be overseen by a special working group involving key leaders and chaired by our Group Director of Operations and Technology, David Shalders. We are starting this program with significant experience and track record in the space. Most of the operating committee of the group has significant experience driving programs of this nature and of delivering cost savings at Willis.
 We have a track record of successfully moving roles from higher cost to lower cost locations, and of managing those locations ourselves to benchmarks that are in many cases superior to those achieved by the major outsourcing companies. We will communicate openly with our employees throughout the process, working hard to support all those that are affected as much as possible.
 We'll report regularly on the progress we're making on the program. We will provide informational and realized savings and actual charges in the relevant period and cumulative to date.
 In addition, we will provide data on the underlined drivers of operational change, including the ratio of staff in higher cost to lower cost locations and how we are changing the number of seats for employee and average square footage for employee.
 The savings and charge estimates of the program reflect what we believe is achievable based on current analysis and judgment. We will track these estimates closely and look to drive greater efficiencies where we see opportunities to do so.
 Let me now discuss the outcomes for the programs, which are laid out on Slide 14. We see 3 core benefits. First, stepping up on our operational efficiency for the benefit of clients. Second, reducing our operational cost base, helping us to continue to invest for growth. And third, contributing to the positive operating leverage, which will drive compelling returns for shareholders.
 So to summarize, it has been a good start to the year, the diversity of our portfolio and our ongoing targeted investments continue to underpin solid organic growth, 4.2% this quarter and averaging at 5.3% over the last 6. Our stated strategy is sound, and we remain confident about and committed to growing revenues faster than expenses over the medium-term. The decisive program, we announced yesterday, fully supports that commitment. We will execute with absolute focus against the targets we've set and look forward to reporting progress to you.
 With that, operator, may we please begin the Q&A? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question is from John Shanker (sic) [Joshua Shanker] from Deutsche Bank. 
Joshua Shanker: So questions about the strategic plans. The first question is, why don't you take an upfront charge that we can over time analyze whether you're successful on your savings. By taking incremental charges as you save? It makes it difficult for us to understand the degree to which you're making progress. 
Dominic Casserley: I think, we actually want try and match the actions we're takings to the charges we actually take along the way, and if we want you to be able to monitor that very closely. I think it's actually what we believe, I think, it's much better to have more transparency on, we've taken particular actions in this quarter. They have cost us x and then you can start to track how they -- the savings come. But we feel very strongly that the approach we're taking is actually more transparent and clearer for everyone. 
Joshua Shanker: And is this part of the 70 basis points per annum improvement plan or is this in addition? 
Dominic Casserley: So obviously, as we laid out our plan for 70 basis points or more gap between revenues and costs over the medium term, we had a range of cost-saving actions that we would take over that time. Some of those may be partly involved in this program. But I think, we definitely believe that as we've added to our analysis, this is an opportunity for additional cost savings. 
Joshua Shanker: So while the incremental spend to achieve these plans going on offset by the savings benefits, are we going to see over the 2014-2017 period, the -- hopefully, the 70 basis points of margin expansion you've laid out or does that really kick in beginning in 2018? 
Dominic Casserley: We laid out a plan -- this is a good question, we laid out a plan to achieve 70 basis points or more improvement in revenue percentages over the medium term, and that would definitely regard 2014 to 2017 as the medium term. So we will be targeting to use that sort of performance during that long time period. 
Joshua Shanker: So just on your -- I don't mean to repeat myself, we should be seeing incremental margin expansion of hopefully about 70 basis points per annum simultaneously as you're taking charges and offsetting them for this operational efficiency 
Dominic Casserley: We -- Josh, I got to repeat what I said, which is that we've set a target in July last year of improving our operating margin on average over the medium-term of about 70 basis points between revenues and costs. We remain committed to achieving that, and we believe that the operational improvement program both underpins our ability to do that and gives us the opportunity to see that target, too. 
Joshua Shanker: Yes, but the point I would make is that if it's happening concurrently to savings, and then we expect another $300 million in 2018, that would be about 210 basis points over the next 3 years, plus a much, much bigger lump sum in 2018, I guess, is that the right way to think about it? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, as you know, we don't give medium-term guidance exactly on how revenues and costs are going to sort of flow. But what I think we can -- and we've also said that some elements of the savings we're achieving on the program, we may put towards reinvestment to further drive growth, but have made clear that we think the majority of the savings will fall to the bottom line. So I think, the way to think about this, as I said this already to you, is that we expect over the medium-term to be meeting the commitment we made in the middle of 2013, and it's this program that helps underpin that and drive further improvements over the medium and longer-term. 
Operator: The next question is from Bob Glasspiegel from Janney. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Dominic, let me echo your positive comments about Mike. I've enjoyed working with you over the 20 years and you're a real pro and I really wish you well and hope we can work with you again in the future, Mike. 
Michael Neborak: Thank you, Bob. 
Dominic Casserley: Thank you. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Dominic, maybe looking at Josh's question a little bit differently, how does this financial -- this operational plan affect the cash flow dynamics, I mean, I've been under the impression that cash flow is going to grow faster than operating earnings with capital spending and pension sort of flattish to declining, does this change the dynamics? 
Dominic Casserley: No, I think, Bob, you've got the analysis right. As we've said back in July, we do believe that we have the opportunity to grow cash flow faster than operating profits because some of our CapEx and pension contributions, we believe, will be flat, while we continue to grow the company and that we continue to believe. I think, the impact of the program on cash flow is really through what it does to operating profits is that we expect, as we said, between now and the end of 2017, that the charges we take and the improvement to profit will basically be a wash. So maybe some slight timing difference between those 2 things. And we will give you a further update on that later in the year. But broader, we see them being a wash, but quarter-to-quarter, there might be slight differentials. 
Robert Glasspiegel: And how much was the change in incentive comp timing from Q2 to Q1? How much of that... 
Dominic Casserley: Mike? 
Michael Neborak: In terms of the cash flow for the first quarter, so that was basically the entirety of the change between the $5 million and the $39 million that I've cited. 
Robert Glasspiegel: So cash flow was running neutral even though the earnings were little bit behind? 
Michael Neborak: Yes. 
Operator: The next question is from Cliff Gallant from Nomura. 
Clifford Gallant: I wanted to ask about some of the changes that have been announced over the last couple of months in terms of staffing changes. And incidentally, I wanted to echo Bob's comment that, Mike, it's been great working with you and good luck going ahead. But Dominic, I'd like to know more about the new CFO, what qualities were you looking for in the person you hired? And then, sort of within the management ranks, we saw a number of changes announced during the quarter as well, and I was wondering if you could highlight some of those? 
Dominic Casserley: So let me talk about John Greene. John comes to us from experience in GE and most frequently at HSBC. The qualities I was looking for, well, obviously, many of those qualities that we have in our existing CFO. John also comes with a significant global experience having operated around the world. And also, I was looking for ability to help us drive and monitor operational improvement. And from his background, John brings that to us, too. Other changes, the most notable might be the appointment of David Martin to be CEO of Willis Ltd. I'll have Steve Hearn talk about that change. 
Steven Hearn: Thanks, Dominic. Yes, David has been with us over a year now, recruited initially to run our U.K. retail operations. As you recall from previous comment, we brought together a retail business and a local specialty business in a new unit that Dominic has [indiscernible] Global Insurance. And we've got David running that operation, a combined P&L for us which makes up, by far, the majority of our Willis Ltd. entity, the regulated entity in the U.K. So we felt it appropriate to make some change. So David will come in to replace me, subject to regulatory approval as the CEO with Willis Ltd working with that board in terms of having responsibility over it. I think, that's what the most significant change is. 
Dominic Casserley: Do you think you have any others you wanted us to talk about? 
Clifford Gallant: No, I think, I still have some, there were some hires in the healthcare practices as well and there's more additions to the high-profile hires you've made. 
Dominic Casserley: I mean, I think, what we can say generically is that we are committed to, I think, to grow and drive our business. We do believe that Willis offers a very exciting platform for talents across both property and casualty and human capital and benefits activities. And we are having interesting discussions with a number of people who see the growth opportunities with us. That is -- doesn't need proof. The number of incoming calls we are getting from professionals in those areas who are noticing what we are doing and are interested in joining us is significant and we are very excited about it.
 I will actually turn to Tim Wright, who will just update you on the comp expense from the human capital space globally. As you know, we asked him to oversee our practice in human capital and benefits globally, as we start to coordinate that business globally. Tim, I just wanted you to talk about the property itself. 
Timothy Wright: Thank you, Dominic. As we have substantial human capital and benefits practice, both in North America and around the world, and that is a growing business, it's growing at a good rate [indiscernible], and it's an area of focus for us going forward. We're offering [indiscernible] as a practice, which we've matrixed into the geographies. And we are making a number of important hires as part of that process, including in Europe and in our multinational human capital benefits business, which you may have recognized [ph]. 
Operator: The next question is from Michael Nannizzi from Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi: Dominic, could you -- I mean, it seems like you kind of purposely didn't lay out the timing of the expenses, you kind of -- or the incurrence of costs as opposed to the cost saves. Can you talk about the thought process around that? And when do you expect those expenses to come through? Do you expect the timing to be up ahead of the saves or more concurrent? 
Dominic Casserley: That's a good question. And we do plan, probably on our October call, to give you an update on that on our view on the timing of the charges we will take. I think, broadly, as I said, we see the timing to be close to the savings, but we wanted to give you more detail on that on our October call. And I think, it will be -- you're right, there may be some, slightly early you take a charge and you'd see the savings a little later, but we will give you more information on that, on that call. 
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And then, in terms of the expenses, is that related to current costs or projected costs? Like what is the baseline for those saves? So is it -- I mean, you have some growth initiatives internationally, so I imagine that your projections would call for some growth in expenses in those areas as well. So is that 420, is that relative to the starting point of expenses today, the 3-ish billion today or it in comparison to projected expenses in forward periods? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, maybe the easier number to focus on is our annualized base of 300 in 2018, right? About that number. That is a number against our view of what projected expenses would be in 2018. So it is a reduction against that as for the base. 
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. So we should be thinking about these expenses relative to projected expenses not necessarily current expenses? 
Dominic Casserley: That is correct. 
Operator: The next question is from Paul Newsome from Sandler O'Neill. 
Paul Newsome: I have sort of a related question, when you think about these payoffs timing. Obviously, this big restructuring charge is, I guess, about a 4-year payout return, when you're looking at these other investments, are you thinking in the same manner that a 4-year kind of timeframe is, roughly speaking, the kind of payback for the investments that you're making kind of -- in particular, the stuff you're talking about that could offset some of these current savings off this bigger structure? 
Dominic Casserley: No. I think, the -- first of all, let me just go through the cost savings economics [ph] again for you. We see the immediate return quite rapid, right? So that's why we're saying that we will take a charge and [indiscernible] savings and those are a wash during the course of 2014 to '17. In terms of other investments we make, which are almost overwhelmingly in client-facing activities, new businesses, et cetera, the returns are obviously often much faster than that. In some businesses we take, we hire people, they join us, and their impact can be positive in-year. In most cases, when we hire people, we would except them to be definitely positive in year 2, definitely positive in year 2. So the return on building new businesses and hiring capabilities we tend to find is reasonably rapid. As I sustained [ph], some cases, very rapid indeed. But we definitely look to see, as we build businesses, see returns in the year after we are investing. 
Paul Newsome: And are any of these cost savings dependent upon the achievement of a certain level of organic growth and benefits of scale? 
Dominic Casserley: No. These are -- we have are a reasonably scaled business today. We -- I should go back and reiterate, we have said months developing this plan, in great detail. And it is based upon specific actions we see in the location of our staff in the evolving -- the evolution of our real estate base and in consolidating and rationalizing some of our [indiscernible] IT. Those are actions, which are based upon the days cost save [ph] and the natural way we do growing. And we're not relying upon further growth or further economies of scale to achieve the savings. 
Operator: The next question is from Meyer Shields from U.S.A. (sic) [KBW]. 
Meyer Shields: This is probably more numeric and you may want to answer, but is there any way to quantify how much of the $300 million of full year run rate savings are already contemplated in the 70 basis point revenue/expense correct [ph]? 
Dominic Casserley: It's a good question. And it's obviously a reiteration of, I think, Josh's question right up front. And the answer is, I think, I was trying to reiterate again, we are committed over the medium term and that includes [indiscernible] 2017 to the 70 basis points or more gap between revenues and expenses. This program both underpins our confidence in that program and our ability to get those targets and our ability to deliver 70 basis points or more. That's how we see this program. The exact division between how much of this is helping us get to 70 and how much will push us beyond 70 is hard to say. And definitely, by the time you get to 2018, because the world will have evolved, but we absolutely will say that this should both underpin the 70 basis points commitment and help us exceed it as we move forward. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. I understand your point. Similar question though, in terms of the majority of the savings falling to  bottom line rather than being reinvested, could refine what the majority means? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, we will give you guidance along that -- along the way of the program. Obviously, as you would expect and as you would want us to do, that will be based upon the attractiveness of investments along the way. But we do believe that the majority of the savings will fall to the bottom line. But it obviously -- you would want us to do and would be wise, if in 2016, 2017, we saw specific investment opportunities with spectacular return, we should be investing in those, we will do so. But we absolutely believe that the majority of these savings will fall to earnings. 
Meyer Shields: That's great. If I could encourage you to maybe quantify it as we go along. I think that would be very helpful and... 
Dominic Casserley: We completely hear you. And as I've said, we are committed to both providing you, on a regular basis, how the business -- how the program is evolving and provide you with underpinnings of the key drivers of those savings, so that you can see that they are really happening on the ground. So we'll report to you on this, how the 80:20 higher cost to lower cost ratio of where our people[indiscernible] evolves over time. And we will report to you on how our real estate platform evolves over time. 
Operator: The next question is from John Campbell from Stephens Inc. 
John Campbell: First question here it follows in line with Josh's question earlier. And Dominic, I know you guys don't give the medium-term guidance, I'm not looking for that. And just looking beyond that 70 bps kind of medium-term goal, factoring in the cost reduction plan and just if we're to assume kind of steady growth from here, can you guys just give us a expense or maybe just a rough range of what you're kind of targeting for longer-term operating margins? 
Dominic Casserley: I'm sorry, you know we don't give guidance of that nature. Obviously, you can do the math as well as we can. If we deliver medium-term 70, 75 at this point gap between revenues and expenses, you would see our margins improve. And if we can do better than that in terms of the operational improvement program, helping to drive increased cost savings, we'll do better again. So that's all I can help you with basically, because as you've said, we don't give specific guidance of that nature. 
John Campbell: Okay. That's fair. Just was looking for a range there, but -- and you -- I mean, do you look at the cost reduction plan, I don't know how much detail you can give us on this, but is any of that plan focused on Gras Savoye that you can see? 
Dominic Casserley: No. Gras Savoye, as you know, went through its own program during 2013 and achieved a very good savings, a very successful program. And you saw some of the benefits of that in the associates line in this first quarter. Assuming that we go ahead with the acquisition of Gras Savoye, which as you know, is a decision we have to take next year, and we have not made that final decision yet. But assuming that we were to go ahead with them, they would be partners during 2016. And we would obviously start to look during that period at the opportunities to involve Gras Savoye further in some of the activities we're taking. And that may create additional opportunities. But at this point, we are not including them in those numbers. 
Operator: The next question is from Al Copersino from Columbia Management. 
Al Copersino: It sounds like a large scale cost savings program of this sort perhaps was not contemplated at the time of the July investor meeting. And if that's correct, I hear what you're saying that this program gives you more confidence in the 70 bps spread and gives you the chance to perhaps exceed that. My question is did you find that some elements, either the revenue growth or the expense management, had turned out to be more difficult than you had thought a year ago? Or is that not the correct way to think about this? 
Dominic Casserley: I think, that is not the correct way to think about this. When we stood up in July last year and talked about our revenue and cost opportunity, we already had some ideas about where we would find some cost savings, and by the way, we have been taking those activities. The ratio of -- we have been continuing to move people to lower-cost locations over the last period of time. I was aware -- I have become aware and am more convinced that there were cost opportunities both leading up to July and after July. We were seeking a team that would enable us to drive a very detailed [indiscernible] program. We were able to hire David Shalders to join us at the tail end of 2013 to help us accelerate our analysis of our cost-saving opportunities. And we have been in deep analysis of the opportunities over the last few months and developed a very, very detailed plan, of which we are providing you the headlines on this announcement. So I think, what's the best way of thinking about this is that we had some ideas of where we would expect cost savings, we saw some opportunities in July, what we've now done is deepened and strengthened our bench to enable us to drive that in great, great detail. And in the process of doing so, I've got -- become even more enthusiastic and raised what we believe are the opportunities. That is the program we are announcing today, that if growth reflects our thinking leading up July, and then deeper and deeper analysis of the opportunities which leads to this announcement. 
Al Copersino: That's very helpful. Terrific. And Mike, it's been a pleasure meeting with you and working with you over the last few years. 
Michael Neborak: Thank you, Al. I look forward to seeing you again. 
Operator: The next question is from Mark Hughes from SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: The headcount growth of 3% in the quarter was fairly healthy, in light of the market opportunity, I guess. Is there something you see, is there a land grab out there that you need to keep expanding the staff in order to take advantage of some opportunity or still in some part of your strategic offering? And so, therefore, you can't just sort of start pinching pennies today or you couldn't 6 months ago that there's some sort of expense drive that is making you, I guess, want to increase the expense structure, at least in the near to medium term here, which you will then taper off in the longer-term, but why not just start pinching pennies today? 
Dominic Casserley: So first of all, to clarify, that the 3% is the year-on-year increase, so it's comparing the first quarter of '14 versus the first quarter of '13. It's also a net number. And we have been basically trying to target our headcount at particular areas where we see growth and holding back on headcount in areas where we see less growth and less opportunities. So for instance, in Asia, we're seeing headcounts grow 11% year-on-year, reinsurance is up 6% year-on-year. In other areas, we have been reducing our headcount where we see lower growth. So the net number absolutely reflects that. We see significant opportunities to grow the business. And we are going to put our resources behind those growth opportunities, and we will cut back in areas where we see less growth. This operational improvement program enables us to do all that at an accelerated pace and deliver our financial metrics in the way that people will like. 
Michael Neborak: On a separate topic, the human capital business, if you're able land a reasonable number of those extreme prospects, would you expect the human capital growth to accelerate a little bit because of this exchange opportunity? 
Dominic Casserley: So, obviously, the human capital exchange opportunity you're talking about is in North America, we emphasized, too, that we are thinking about human capital and benefits activities globally, as well as what's within North America. Within North America, I guess, we do, particularly, as we are finding that the prospect list and actually the new plan includes a fair number of people who either are new to Willis, full stop, or new to Willis in human capital and benefits in North America. So absolutely, as we drive that exchange forward, we would expect it to add new clients to our base, and therefore, drive revenues. So yes, we are excited about it. Let me reemphasize what I said back that it takes time to close these transactions because they are major decisions for a company, they're changing their healthcare plans of their employees. You don't do that overnight. So we really started in this in the middle of last year. We've closed 16 to date, and we have a pipeline of 750 discussions we're having. You can see why we are excited. 
Operator: The next question is from Brian Meredith from UBS. 
Brian Meredith: Two questions for you. The first one, do the cash outflows with respect to the expense plan here have any impact on share buyback? 
Dominic Casserley: No. We remain -- that's a good question, we remain committed to sort of the capital allocation plan we laid out in July, where we said we'd been looking at organic growth opportunities, inorganic growth opportunities, dividend increases and share repurchases. We delivered on all 4 of those to date. We delivered organic growth, we've done some M&A, we've raised our dividend, and we started a share repurchase plan. And we continue what we said on our last call that we have a share repurchase plan at the moment targeted at immunizing the impact on share count of share options. And we continue to be committed to that plan. 
Brian Meredith: Okay. Great. And then, Dominic, the second question, so the insurance brokerage industry right now, and I guess, it always is, is pretty competitive when it comes from a -- to talent and getting good talent. And anytime you kind of go through an expense initiative, like you're going through right now, can cause some internal pain. So I guess, my question for you is that is there a risk here of any kind of key talent or good kind of client-facing people leaving as a result of what's going on here? Or is there something that you're doing to try to prevent that from happening? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, it's a very good question. And also, we're aware of this, we do not believe that there is a risk that we can't manage. We are very focused on communications around this plan. The consultation with our staff around the plan. And the fact that the plan is fundamentally focused on serving our clients better. So one small example of what we are going to do and which is included in the provision charge laid out to you before [indiscernible]. It's very important, if we make any changes to the service of our clients, that we parallel run the old process with the new process to make sure that everyone's comfortable -- our clients are comfortable. That the new approaches work even better than the approaches we have today. We have built a substantial amount of parallel running into our plan, and therefore needed to put $410 million charge we had in place. So we believe that we will be able to work with our new [indiscernible] colleagues. To be able to be absolutely clear with them that the thing that really drives their behaviors and excites them and get them out of bed in the morning, which is client service and making sure their clients are happy, absolutely has got to be taken care of. 
Operator: The next question is from Kai Pan from Willis (sic) [Morgan Stanley]. 
Kai Pan: It's Kai Pan, Morgan Stanley. Just first a quick math question, just trying to understand the $300 million cost-saving, is the 70% that's coming from the relocation of those, that's $210 million? And you said probably impacted about 305 -- 3,500 supporting roles, that's average about $60,000 per employee per year, it sounds sort of like pay cuts, given the average salary of $120,000 for your average employee. So I was just wondering, is that math right? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, the math is basically, obviously, be the savings come from the delta between the cost of having a role in that higher cost location and the fully loaded cost of that role versus the difference in a lower cost location, that varies obviously from where you are taking a role to where you're moving it to, right? And so if you take that role from some of our highest cost locations and you moved it to Mumbai, that is the big delta, you move it from a location in North America to Nashville is a delta, but it's a smaller delta, the average you have -- you roughly work out would be the average of all those different moves. But that is the basic economics having roles hopefully better designed roles in lower cost locations at lower overall cost than at present. 
Kai Pan: In that light, do you expect the sort of majority of these impacted 3,500 sort of roles like about 20% of your total employee base to be turned over, over the next 3, 4 years? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, we do believe -- it's a good question, we do believe that the actual impact on our staff to date would be less significant but it might appear more. Two reasons. One, because there is natural turnover in that base, anyways. And so, therefore, managing this process should be easier, but because of natural turnover, anyway. And secondly, because we are actually obviously going to also take time over moving these roles, it's not all happening at once, it's happening over the course of 3 years. So therefore, we think the actual impact on our current staff in the higher cost locations is less significant than the raw numbers might suggest. 
Kai Pan: Okay. So lastly, on the timing of your margin expansion, it looks like most of these savings are kind of back-end loaded, at least a 3 to 4 years process. Is that fair to assume that the margin expansion would also be more sort of back-end loaded? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, to reiterate what I said in a number of questions about our medium-term commitment. Quite clearly, if we're going to do better than our medium-term commitments with 70 basis points, we'll see more improvement. This program will kick in more aggressively in the later years. Yes, that's exactly it. 
Operator: The next question is from Ronny Bobman from Capital Returns. 
Ron Bobman: I barely know Mike, but I'm going to say goodbye and good luck anyway, since everyone else has. Moving off the topic du jour, if we could just focus on Willis 3, which has consistently done fabulous. Added question, obviously, we're all aware that the reinsurance business, particularly the underwriting side of it, is undergoing dramatic change, looks like it's here to stay and it's sort of broadening. And obviously, there's a knock-on effect to the intermediary -- to your reinsurance brokerage unit. And for the most part, it's not really been talked about or a great area of concern from the management and the executive rank, but I'm wondering, Dominic, what's your view, and maybe any other unit heads there could comment on sort of what's your intermediate or longer-term view of the reinsurance brokerage business that it would seem to me that the sort of securitization is not a great trend for the intermediary, but I'd really welcome your input. 
Dominic Casserley: I'm happy to take it, but I'll hand it over to Steve Hearn for a second. I'm very interested that the question about if securitization is a good thing coming from an investment banking organization. We've [indiscernible] in the broader investment field because we do believe that -- actually, there was some interesting analogies here, where we're starting to see the evolution of capital in the industry start to move in the questions around intermediation and disintermediation. As an intermediary involved in that, we do see plenty of opportunities but it does requires to be fleet to foot, and be the analyst or provider and helper to our clients. But let me have Steve talk a bit more, Steven talk a bit more about how he sees the outlook for the reinsurance business? 
Steven Hearn: Sure. Thanks, Dominic. Yes, we did have another great quarter in Willis 3, another great quarter for that business as it performed fantastically over years. And unquestionably, as you say, an interesting environment in terms of rating in the reinsurance space.  [indiscernible] influenced by what's going on in [indiscernible]. We don't -- as I've said before on calls before, I don't think you should necessarily draw the conclusion that you'll see that impact directly in our reinsurance business' performance. We continue to grow through new business, acquisition business from competitors. We do have some fee-based earnings in some of the larger reinsurance buyers [ph] and clients. Dominic said it in his remarks, too, often taking the opportunity [indiscernible] more. If I got out of the quarter and perhaps answered the question with a more longer-term view. We did, I think, that the new -- so-called new capacity coming into the reinsurance world will be sustained, in my opinion. I think, those who have a prognosis that in the event of a major catastrophic event that it would cripple [ph] capacity, I quite don't actually agree with that. I think we can sustain the impact and it just becomes a matter of pricing. For us, we embrace that and see this as an opportunity as people start to embrace the new capacity, they often need advice and that's exactly what a reinsurance intermediary does. Again, using the full weaponry of Willis' global capability including the obvious one of Willis Capital Markets. That we see as an opportunity in fact of a great connection between those businesses that are very important part of the shift. So opportunity, I feel good about where our reinsurance business is in the medium and long-term prognosis. 
Dominic Casserley: Okay. I'm aware that we have run somewhat over our time block here. So I think, we probably better bring this call to a close. Let me reiterate what I said on my remarks. We're excited about the revenue momentum that we have -- that we've had over a number of quarters and we saw again in this quarter. We're excited about our growth opportunities which we discussed on this call in a number of areas. And about our ability to invest behind those growth opportunities and cut back in other areas where we see less [indiscernible]. And to underpin on this, we announced a very important operational improvement program, which has allowed months of detailed growth to lay out where we see opportunities to restructure our cost base, and will be led by an experienced team to deliver this program. And we are committed to reporting back to you on progress in a[indiscernible] quarter. With that, thank you very much. And we look forward to talking to you further. 
Operator: That concludes today's conference. Please disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-12 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome, and thank you, all, for standing by. [Operator Instructions] I would also like to inform all participants that today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objection, you may disconnect at this time. 
 I would now like to turn today's conference over to Mr. Peter Poillon. Thank you, sir. You may begin. 
Peter Poillon: Thank you, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2013 earnings conference call, which is being hosted by Dominic Casserley, Chief Executive Officer of Willis Group Holdings. A webcast replay of the call, along with a slide presentation to which we'll be referring, can be accessed through our website. If you have any questions after the call, my direct line is +1 (212) 915-8084. Please note that we may make certain statements relating to future results which are forward-looking statements as that term defined on the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated. These statements reflect our opinions only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update them in light of new information or future events. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and for the year ended December 31, 2013, which we expect to file by the end of February and subsequent filings, as well as our earnings press release for more detailed discussions of risk factors that may affect our results. Copies may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website. 
 Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release and slides associated with this call. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Welcome, and thank you for joining our quarterly conference call. By now you've had a chance to read the news release that we put out last night and have a copy of our slides at the ready. With me today are Michael Neborak, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Hearn, our Deputy CEO and Head of Willis Global; Tim Wright, Head of Willis International; and Todd Jones, Head of Willis North America. As usual, we will be happy to answer your questions after Mike and I offer our introductory remarks. 
 So let me turn to an overview of our results. This quarter we continued making steady progress in growing our top line, delivering 3.7% organic growth, a number that looks even better when given some added context. You know from our press release that we had some revenue recognition adjustments that reduced organic growth in the quarter. So if you exclude those adjustments, we actually achieved organic growth of 4.8%. We are pleased with that growth, and it is on top of the 7.5% we delivered in the fourth quarter of 2012. 
 Our full year number for organic commissions and fees growth was 4.9%. All of our business contributed well to that performance, with Global at 5.6%, North America at 4.9% and International at 4.1%. If you exclude those fourth quarter adjustments I just mentioned, organic growth for the year was 5.1%. All in all, our associates around the globe did a great job delivering consistent growth in 2013. Our team is hard at work building on that success in 2014 and beyond, and we'll talk about some of the things we're doing in that regard later in my remarks. 
 Now specifically on the fourth quarter. Our reported GAAP earnings were $0.37 per diluted share, and adjusted earnings were $0.42. That $0.05 difference relates to an increase in the valuation allowance on our deferred tax asset, which Mike will dive into during his remarks. 
 Our adjusted earnings per share of $0.42 compared to -- compares to $0.45 a year ago. We have to remind you, for the last time, I'm happy to say that, that isn't an apple-to-apples comparison for how we did in the quarter. Had we accrued our bonuses during 2012 instead of amortizing retention awards, those fourth quarter 2012 adjusted earnings would have been $0.07 lower or $0.38 versus the $0.42 we achieved in the fourth quarter of 2013. 
 Now let's spend a few minutes looking at each of the businesses in some detail. I'll start with Willis North America. North America achieved organic growth in commissions and fees of 5.8% in the fourth quarter and 4.9% for the full year 2013. This was a significant improvement over the previous year, for which Todd Jones and his team deserve a lot of credit. North America has offered its challenges over the years, but this is the fifth consecutive quarter of growth in North America. Looking back at 2013, the business has grown very consistently throughout the year. 
 Our revenue recognition adjustment increased fourth quarter commissions and fees by approximately $5 million or about 160 basis points of the organic growth. Beyond that, North America's growth was, again, largely driven by new business wins and also helped by improved retention. 
 Rates during the year remained positive. In the fourth quarter and to this early point in 2014, we are seeing a leveling out of rates in North America and even some declines in some areas. We estimate that about 50 basis points of our growth in the fourth quarter of 2013 was attributable to overall rate improvement. 
 Growth in North America was well distributed geographically, with good results in the Metro, New York, New Jersey area and the West, Atlantic and Midwest regions. We also recorded good growth across a number of industries and practices, including financial services, real estate and mergers and acquisitions. We also continue to see good growth in our Construction Practice. 
 In our Human Capital practice, organic growth was flat in the fourth quarter, affected in part by seasonality. Having said that, there's a good story evolving with Human Capital and benefits for Willis. With organic growth of nearly 6% in 2013, the practice performed very well, and we are confident about our ability to grow it further. As we discussed with you on the last call, the Willis Advantage, our health care exchange designed around our midsized corporate clients, has attracted interest among current clients and prospects alike. We are now engaged in discussions with about 600 prospects for our exchange, of which about half are new to the practice. We believe that the opportunity for growth in this business, both inside the U.S. and outside, is substantial. We recently announced the launch of our global Human Capital & Benefits practice under Tim Wright, in addition to his Willis International duties, that brings together all of our efforts in the space under one roof. You should expect to see a coordinated global strategy aimed at delivering the very best of Willis to our clients and increasing our share of this large and growing market. 
 Let's now move to Willis International. Willis International grew 3% in the fourth quarter, bringing organic growth for the full year to 4.1%. However, that doesn't really tell the full story of International's growth this quarter as a revenue recognition adjustment in China reduced commissions and fees by $15 million. Excluding the impact of that adjustment, International's organic growth would have been 510 basis points higher or 8.1%. This was truly an outstanding result from the International team. 
 Let me provide a little detail on the regions that comprise that business. In Western Europe, we had a very good quarter, with high-single-digit growth, driven by strong new business and solid retention. This is a laudable result given the generally weak economic conditions in the countries where we have a big footprint. The positive results were spread across the region, with Denmark, Germany and Italy leading the way. 
 In Eastern Europe, we recorded low-double-digit growth, primarily driven by a strong performance in Russia. Latin America grew solidly once again, with low-double-digit organic growth. Strong growth in Chile and Venezuela, as well as moderate growth in Brazil were drivers in the quarter. 
 Now Asia was down in the quarter due to the adjustment in China that I mentioned earlier. The adjustment aside, however, Asia's underlying performance was very good, with strong double-digit growth. A number of businesses in the region performed well, with very good results in Hong Kong and Singapore. 
 Australasia, which I had the pleasure of visiting in November, had another solid quarter, with mid-single-digit growth and positive results in both Australia and New Zealand. You've heard us talk in the past about challenges we've experienced in Australasia, but I saw firsthand how the team is working to put those issues behind them. 
 Finally, in the U.K., our business was down very low single-digits in the quarter as our effort to reshape that business under David Martin continued. You might have read our recent announcement, in which we have combined, under David, our U.K. retail operations with our specialties division which will now come under Willis Global. We expect this powerful combination to drive greater client value and cross-selling opportunities, thereby accelerating the performance of our business in the U.K. 
 Let's now focus on Willis Global, which comprises Willis Re, Specialty, Placement and Willis Capital Markets & Advisory. Willis Global recorded organic growth of 1.4% in the fourth quarter and full year growth of 5.6%. We all knew that the fourth quarter was going to be challenging for Global, given how Willis Capital Markets & Advisory saw so much of its 2012 deal flow coincidentally come to fruition in the final quarter of that year, with over $12 million of revenues. As we shared with you before, WCMA is a lumpy business. It has a very healthy pipeline, but the timing of the major transactions they work on is not ours to control. So if you exclude WCMA from Global's results, the businesses grew at 4.6%. This was largely driven by the Specialty businesses, which grew mid-single digits on the back of strong growth in Property & Casualty and Construction and Financial and Executive Risks. These results were partially offset by declines in marine and energy and aerospace. 
 Willis Re was down very low single digits. In fact, it was almost flat in its seasonally smallest quarter. North America and international reinsurance were down slightly, partially offset by an increase in specialty reinsurance. The fourth quarter sees few renewals in reinsurance, so that rate movement that you read about had minimal impact on the quarter's results. However, we expect that lower rates will bring some varying headwinds in 2014. I would expect the North America property cat, typically renewing in the second quarter, to be most affected. Our 1st View report, which we published in January and which is available on our website, offers a detailed discussion on our views of rates in the reinsurance market. 
 Looking at our full year 2013 results. I'm satisfied with improvements we've made companywide, both financially and operationally, which are in line with many of the targets that we laid out at our Investor Conference in July. We achieved solid mid- to single-digit organic growth across all 3 of our segments, the first time we've done that since 2006. And while expense growth outpaced revenue growth, we feel good about how and where we deliberately invested, in the best people, systems and positioning our firm for the long-term. 
 Importantly, our cash flow from operations grew to more than $560 million. As we said in July, it's not our expectation that we hit the targets we set every quarter, rather that we achieve them on average over the medium term. All of the changes we put in place in the second half of 2013, changes which we continue to announce and implement, are designed to do just that. 
 I also feel very good about the progress we've made on our strategic initiatives. As you saw in our news release yesterday, I discussed some of the important changes we've made, many made since we convened on our last earning call in November. 
 Across the company, our associates can feel the pace quickening. Our clients are beginning to see a more connected Willis serving their needs. We've also announced some acquisitions that we believe improve our position in certain markets, acquisitions that we expect will be cash flow generative. And we've also announced divestitures of nonstrategic or underperforming assets. These are things we told you we'd do back in July, and that work continues. 
 Most gratifying to me is the enthusiasm I see for these changes among our clients and throughout the Willis organization. It makes me all the more confident about the direction in which we are headed. 
 With that, I'll turn it over to Mike to discuss the rest of the financial results. I'll return later with final comments before turning it over to you for questions. 
Michael Neborak: Thank you, Dominic, and good day, everyone. In reviewing the numbers, all comparisons are made to Q4 2012 and full year 2012 unless otherwise stated. As noted in other earnings calls this year, our change in the compensation policy to bonus accrual distorts the comparison to prior periods' expenses and therefore, to prior periods' EPS and operating margin. This quarter, that difference was about $15 million or $0.07 per diluted share and 180 basis points of operating margin. I'll walk through those impacts as we go through the numbers. I will also be referring to the slide presentation frequently that we posted to our website. 
 As Dominic mentioned, we delivered organic commissions and fee growth of 3.7% across the group. As you can see on Slide 3, North America led the way with 5.8% growth. International grew 3% and Global grew 1.4% in its seasonally smallest quarter. 
 Total organic growth was negatively impacted by 110 basis points from the 2 adjustments we made to conform our revenue recognition policy across the company. First, in North America, we adjusted C&F up by $5.3 million. Previously, we have accounted for our Personal Lines' direct build business on a cash basis because it comprises a large volume of low-value policies. However, through better quality underlying data, we are now able to move this to an accruals basis in line with the rest of the group. 
 Second, in International, we adjusted C&F down by $14.7 million in China. We have been continuing to recognize revenue on the accepted local GAAP basis used by our China operation since we acquired it. As that business has grown and matured, we have now aligned its revenue recognition to the rest of the group. 
 Let me now turn to the financial results for the quarter on Page 4 of the presentation. Our adjusted EPS came in at $0.42 this quarter, compared to $0.38 last year after normalizing Q4 2012 for the change in our remuneration policy. 
 On the same basis, operating income was basically flat at $150 million, and our adjusted operating margin declined 100 basis points. These results reflect strong operating performance in Willis North America and International. They also reflect lower adjusted tax rate for the group. Offsetting these results were lower operating income in Global, higher average shares outstanding and a higher loss from our Associates line. 
 Global's performance was impacted by a number of things: first was a change to bonus accounting; second was a lower revenue from Willis Capital Markets, which Dominic mentioned; third was a small decrease in reinsurance revenue; and fourth were investments in personnel for our reinsurance and placement organizations. For the group, in the quarter, foreign exchange movements had a positive $0.01 per share impact on EPS. 
 Now let's take a look at some of the metrics for all of 2013, which you can see on Slide 5. Full year results showed solid organic C&F growth of 4.9%. After normalizing 2012 results for the change in compensation policy, adjusted EPS increased $0.26 to $2.64 from $2.38. On a same basis, operating income grew modestly from $704 million to $730 million. And looking at the adjusted operating margin, it declined 20 basis points to 20%. 
 It's important, I think, to look at our results in this retrospective view, which is how we analyze them internally. Seen in this way, we achieved good revenue growth in excess of 5% and EPS growth of approximately 11%. We're mindful, however, that our expenses grew 5.7% on an underlying basis, which served to compress our margin by 20 basis points. 
 To drill down into the expense numbers in more detail, please turn to Slide 6. Underlying growth in total operating expenses in Q4 was 9.9%. On a like-for-like comparison of our expense base, that number shows growth of 7.6% after adjusting for the change in compensation policy. That expense growth was higher than in the first 3 quarters, which averaged close to 5%. 
 Let me talk for a few minutes about the drivers of that fourth quarter growth. First, salaries and benefits. Slide 7 reminds us of the quarterly impact of changing our compensation policy. As we've said before, our S&B expense for all of 2012 would have been $48 million higher had we been accruing for annual cash bonuses as we are doing now instead of amortizing retention awards. The impact to the fourth quarter 2012 was $15 million. 
 Turning to Slide 8. You'll see that underlying S&B expense increased 10.7%, of which 320 basis points stemmed from the change in remuneration policy. On a like-for-like comparison, underlying S&B expense was up 7.5%. This was above our recent S&B growth, which ranged from 4% to 6% over the past 3 quarters. The main drivers of that growth, you've heard us talk about on recent calls: first, a combination of headcount increasing by about 3% since the start of 2013; second, the impact of annual salary increases; and third, increased production incentives that accompanied the growth in commissions and fees that we have been reporting. 
 The headcount growth has been strategically directed at regions and products where we see growth opportunities, such as emerging and developing markets, reinsurance operations and in placement facilities. Most of the headcount growth came in the second half of the year. In addition, beyond the normal growth factors I've mentioned, we boosted our 401(k) match in North America, thereby adding to benefit expenses. In doing that, we accrued a full year increase in the fourth quarter. And like many companies, we also incurred higher medical cost in North America due to increased claims. And in International, we hired some proven producers in key markets that had sign-on incentives as part of the deal. Added together, those 3 items elevated S&B by approximately $10 million or 180 basis points. 
 On Slide 9 you'll see the quarterly comparison of our other operating expenses. On an underlying basis, this grew 7.1% in the quarter. The growth in this area was driven primarily by higher professional fees, marketing and business development expenses. Depreciation expense for the quarter was $26 million, up from $20 million last year and above recent trends, driven by costs associated with a number of IT projects that came online during the quarter. In addition, we rolled off $2 million of unamortized balances of systems and other assets we replaced. Recall that our initial expected run rate for depreciation in 2013 was $24 million to $25 million per quarter. This typically happens. Some projects were delayed in coming online, so the run rate was lower until this quarter. All this activity, of course, affects our operating margins. Looking at them on the apples-to-apples basis that I referred to earlier, the first quarter operating margin was down 50 basis points. The second quarter was flat. The third quarter was up 100 basis points, and the fourth quarter was down 100 basis points. The 4 quarters together resulted in the full year 2013 operating margin being down 20 basis points compared to 2012. 
 Looking ahead, we expect quarterly variability again in 2014. While the variability is expected, we are focused squarely on delivering what we laid out last year, 70 basis points of spread between revenue growth and expense growth on average over the medium term. 
 Now on taxes. The reported tax rate this quarter was 29% because we booked a further valuation allowance against our North American deferred tax asset. We established that valuation allowance back in Q4 2012 when we recorded the goodwill impairment charge that put our U.S. operations in a 3-year cumulative loss position. The impact of that valuation allowance was a higher tax provision of $9 million or $0.05 per share this quarter, representing the entire reconciliation between reported and adjusted EPS. You should note, as we've said before, that the additional tax expense is noncash, and it will turn around sometime in 2015 as part of the entire valuation allowance, which will reverse when North America records enough income to emerge from the 3-year cumulative loss corridors [ph]. When that occurs, we will report a lower or even negative booked tax expense. 
 After adjusting out the impact from the increased valuation allowance, the fourth quarter tax rate was 21%, which was in line with our expectations. For 2014, our tax rate should fall between 22% and 24%, but that range is very sensitive to the geographic mix of income. It's worth stating again that the quarterly tax rates could vary meaningfully from the full year rate. In 2013, the overall tax rate was 20% on an adjusted basis, but the quarterly rate ranged as low as 19% in Q1 and as high as 24% in Q3. 
 Moving now to the Associates line. The fourth quarter of 2013 showed a loss of $11 million, compared to a loss of $7 million a year ago. That is slightly better than what we had anticipated as the cost of completing the operation review at Gras Savoye came in a little lower than expected. So for the full year 2013, the Associates line was 0 instead of a full year loss of $1 million to $3 million that we anticipated. 
 For 2014, we expect the Associates line to return to a profit in the range of $10 million to $15 million. Seasonality of income should be consistent with prior years, meaning, the majority of Gras Savoye's income will be recorded in the first quarter followed by flat, with net operational losses in the Associates line over the remainder of the year. 
 Let me wrap up with some comments on the balance sheet and cash flow. As shown on Slide 10, we ended the fourth quarter with $796 million of cash, up $173 million for September 30 and almost $300 million from last year. Total debt outstanding, again, was $2.3 billion, down slightly from last year. And at year end, our $800 million revolver was undrawn. Cash generated from operations during 2013 was $561 million, up $36 million from 2012. The fourth quarter contribution to that was $195 million, down slightly from Q4 last year due to changes in working capital. 
 Other points to highlight include our CapEx spend in 2013 was $112 million, down from $135 million in 2012, mostly due to project timing. For 2014, we expect capital expenditures to come in between $120 million and $135 million. 
 Finally, employee options exercises added $155 million to the cash balance in 2013. 
 Thanks, again, for your patience as I've walked through these numbers. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Thanks, Mike. I want to follow on Mike's conversation about our cash balances. We told you, at our Investor Conference, that we will use our cash in ways that we think are in the best interest of our shareholders. That could encompass a range of possibilities, including investing selectively into the company to drive growth. We did that in 2013 as we made highs [ph] in growing businesses and regions and improved our technology and analytics. This is obviously reflected in our expense growth. 
 Second, strategic acquisitions. We cautiously did some of that in 2013 and already this year. We expect that to be part of our rhythm. 
 Third, increased dividend. We've increased our dividend now for the past 3 years, with the increase announced yesterday being our largest since 2006. This indicates the confidence we have in our business strategies and our ability to drive strong cash flow. 
 And finally, share buybacks. As you saw in our release, the buyback we announced yesterday is intended to offset the increase in shares outstanding from employee option exercises in 2013. It's our intention that we will continue this practice moving forward. 
 With that, let's now turn to the next part of this call by answering your questions. Operator, may we be please begin the Q&A? 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Jay Gelb with Barclays. 
Jay Gelb: First, I just wanted to touch base on organic revenue growth, 5% for the year. You mentioned a few headwinds largely driven around P&C insurance and reinsurance pricing. I'm thinking the economy recovering could be partially offsetting that. So just trying to get your perspective on whether 5% organic revenue growth is still a decent run rate for the company overall. 
Dominic Casserley: The -- as you know, we don't give guidance on our major line items. We continue with what we said in July. Our expectations for this company are mid-single-digit revenue growth and 70 basis points spread to expenses. That's what we said in July, and it still our expectation for the company of the medium term. 
Jay Gelb: Okay. And then that -- on the positive operating leverage, that's good to hear that you're still upbeat about your ability to achieve that. But if we look at the full year, the adjusted margin actually declined by 20 basis points. So to what extent is your comfort on the ability to expand margins be -- and keeping in mind we're starting off of a lower-than-expected base in 2013? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, it's obviously the right question. I'm very comfortable with this. We're focused, as you know, on driving cash flow. And we need to be driving cash flow at a good clip during -- over the medium term. That has to be a combination of steady revenue growth. We simply cannot drive the cash flow we need unless we are growing, as I said, in the mid-single-digit revenue number on a sustained basis. You just don't get the cash flow growth over a sustained period unless you are able to do that. But in order to also do that, we -- mid-single-digits without some operating leverage does not deliver the cash flow we want. I'm very comfortable that we have been deliberately invested. So the expense growth you saw, which resulted in a 20 basis points decline in margin for the group over the year, is not the result of random expense growth. It is a result of very deliberate decisions we have made to invest in growth for the medium term. And so I'm very comfortable that, now that we have a steady revenue momentum and we are investing to continue that revenue momentum, that our ability to create that operating leverage is well in place. But obviously, it's -- legitimately, it's ours to prove, but I'm very comfortable. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel with Janney. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Your -- with the 20 basis point decline in year 1, and I think you articulated 70 bps over 5 years unevenly or 350 bps by the fifth year. So does that mean you have to do 90 bps a year for 4 years to catch up, or was 2013 a reset year in your mind? 
Dominic Casserley: Now look, I said -- I don't want to get tied to 70 exactly, right? I think we actually said a minimum of 70, right? So, we're going to aim to deliver the right growth over the medium term, to deliver, again, what I'm really focused on here, what we all collectively are really focused on, which is growing cash flow, okay? And you can do the math, right? If you do the math -- if our revenue growth was to slip, we'd actually have to get an even bigger margin increase, and that's why we're so focused on making sure our revenues keep clicking along. Because if our revenues keep clicking along with the right spread, we can get the performance. So we have to do both, and that's why we've been investing for the medium term here. But don't -- if I were you, I wouldn't get very focused on it's exactly 70 basis points, multiply it by x years and you get the number, right? Obviously, we position that as the number we need to achieve, but we're really focused on growing our cash flow. That's the number I want us to see growing every year. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Well, I'm with you on cash flow. And moving to that, I wonder if you could go through sort of the 3 legs of pension, which is sort of what's -- what was the balance sheet adjustment year end? What's the funding changes prospectively from roughly $150 million drag it's been over the next 3 to 5 years perhaps? And is there an EPS pickup from less headwind in 2014 from pension? 
Dominic Casserley: Mike? 
Michael Neborak: All right. Thank you, Bob. So I'll make a couple of points to address those questions. First, pension funding should be down modestly in 2014, but I think the benefit of good asset returns and higher discount rate's more apparent in 2015. And the reason I say that and reason for the delay is that we have to go through a process with the independent trustees in the U.K., and our funding agreements with the trustees will be renegotiated during 2014. So in 2013, we made cash contributions into our pension plans of about $150 million, of which $100 million was related to the U.K. So we will see some benefit in 2014, but I would consider it to be modest, again, with the apparent benefit coming more in 2015. And then with respect to the P&L impact from some of the changes that we have going forward, the annual pension expense in 2014 will decrease probably between $5 million and $10 million. And then I think the last point that you -- or the first point that you asked was related to the accumulated or the OCI loss that we have in the stockholders' equity section of the balance sheet. So the year-over-year change in that was a positive $160 million. So we improved it by $160 million, of which $120 million was related to our pension activity. 
Operator: The next question is from Thomas Mitchell with Miller Tabak. 
Thomas Mitchell: Actually, it looks like you had a pretty good quarter when you take everything out. One of the issues that we focused on is growth in revenues per share concomitant with flat or rising operating margins as the key to stock performance. And we're interested in your outlook. Given your statement about buying back the added shares due to stock options, whether that means that we might have double-digit increases in revenues per share in 2014 if we combined mid-single-digit growth in revenues with recouping the 5% dilution that we had from fourth quarter to fourth quarter due to shares outstanding? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. Well, obviously, Thomas, that slightly depends on what happens with option exercises during 2014. So what I think we've laid out is a process where it is our intention to sort of immunize, if you like, the stock accrete over time by buying back shares based upon option exercises. Whether we will do that on a concurrent basis or look at the end of each year and decide, "Okay, for -- if we had option exercise of x in 2014, that means we need to buy back y in 2015," we need to look into. But we clearly understand that -- I mean, some of the metrics you were talking about, revenues per share, obviously, EPS, et cetera, are affected by our share count. And what we're saying to you, I think, very clearly is that we do not want, as a group, to be issuing equity, which is obviously the most expensive form of capital that we could issue, we don't want to be issuing equity by chance. If we ever have to issue equity -- and please, do not take that as a prediction that we will -- but if we ever want to issue, we'd want to do that on a deliberate basis rather than having it rip out year-by-year by accident by the exercising of options. So that's how we think about that. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mike Nannizzi, Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi: I guess  one thing I'm trying to reconcile a bit, I mean, I guess, the idea that revenues grow faster than expenses will expand margin, I mean, that makes sense. But it looks like this quarter you invested for growth, which weighed on margins. And so I'm just trying to understand -- I mean, as you -- is that something you expect to do, whether it's hiring people or paying upfront bonuses to bring teams on or whatever that is? How should we think about margin improvement if that activity continues? Does that mean it's a matter of you reaching scale in these particular initiatives for that margin improvement to kind of follow through? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, clearly, Mike, it's an excellent question because if we were to tell you that we were planning to continue to invest in hiring people ahead of revenues forever, that would be a bad answer in terms of what happened to our margin. We said very clearly that each -- you have to look over the medium term. And this particular quarter, we had a series of investments, which I think Mike laid out in some detail, in particular businesses. But obviously, we hope they will drive -- it's our plan that they will continue to drive revenue growth and that we will have -- be able to manage our expenses, that's our plan, while continuing to invest and manage our expenses to create a gap over the medium term of those sort of 70 basis points per annum average that we've talked about. So we are fully cognizant that a growth policy, right, which repeated the fourth quarter of 2013 on an ongoing basis will produce a very unpleasant result over time, right? So we fully understand that. 
Michael Nannizzi: So how should we think then about, like a payback period, if that's the right way -- because it sounds like that's how we should maybe think about it is you will occasionally make investments where you see some greenfield opportunity or some runway for improvement. You'll do your ROI math, you'll make the investment and then you will kind of look to see that growth fall after. So like what -- how should we think about that return period for investments that you made this quarter, for example? 
Dominic Casserley: I would like to be able to tell you that it's an investment, like some big project, of building a bridge for a city or something and here's the return, the results of multiple investments. By the way, we've been investing throughout 2013, right? We've been investing throughout 2013. We just had a series of negotiations with -- opportunities come to fruition in the fourth quarter, right? Sort of plump [ph] if you like. But we are investing through 2013, and we will continue to invest throughout 2014. The trick, of course, is to be able to free up other expenses so that we have space for those investments. And that's what we're obviously focused on, making sure that as we invest in new capabilities, new analytics, new systems, new teams, we're also taking costs out of the installed base to free up space for those investments. So I wouldn't -- if I were you, I wouldn't think about it of, oh, there's a blip in investment in a quarter, what's the payback. This is a continuous investment in our client-facing capabilities, and we are obviously looking very hard at taking costs out of the rest of the organization to create productivity improvements to allow us to make those investments. 
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And just -- any update on Gras Savoye? Or can we get an update also on just kind of the operating performance that they've experienced this quarter? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. I mean, Gras Savoye -- generally, I think we're very pleased with the progress Gras Savoye is making. As you heard from Mike, they have now completed the operational review and made some very important changes in their operating model and their expense base. That is done. And we now are, therefore, focused on assisting them and helping them grow the top line. So that when we come to make our decision, which, as you know, is really the spring of next year, we want to be looking at not only a more productive but also a growing asset. When it fully -- if we can make that decision and it fully becomes a member of the Willis family, we would also hope to be able to rev up that revenue growth even more because we'll really be able to work as a member of the family, and that will be the case for the investment. But we definitely are very pleased with the progress that Gras Savoye made in 2013, completely on target in terms of the cost restructuring. And now that team is focused on taking that more productive phase [ph] and growing the revenues in their core markets, which you know are, obviously, France, the sixth largest insurance market in the world; in Africa; the Middle East; and parts of Eastern Europe; and 1 or 2 assets in Asia. And we are, obviously, trying to help them do that. 
Operator: Our next question is Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: Could you give us a little insight into how Global is shaping up for the first quarter reinsurance given the puts and takes there? How was organic perhaps trending? And then, in the Capital Markets business, how's the backlog and the [indiscernible] business there? 
Dominic Casserley: So let me hand over to Steve Hearn, the Head of our Global business, to talk about that. 
Steven Hearn: Thanks, Dominic. I guess, the question is partly what happened in Q4 in terms of Willis Re and is that going to continue. I think, as Mike said quite clearly, we had a small decrease in our reinsurance revenue. In fact, Q4 is very much our smallest quarter for Willis Re, with just over 10% of our annual revenue. We're very dominant in international reinsurance market, as I'm sure you know, which makes Q1 a particularly big quarter for us and Q2 quite a large quarter. We actually had a very good Q4 in 2012 for Willis Re, so we had that issue as well in terms of '13, so down a tiny bit of money in Q4. Full year, we, again, smashed our 2 peer competitors in terms of growth rate and margin. So we had a great year in Willis Re. And frankly, I see nothing different in terms of where we move forward. Dominic said, and I'll repeat it, we don't give forward-looking guidance, but we do see continued strong performance from Willis Re. I guess in there, probably in your question as well, is impact of new capital and maybe what's happening there and what impact will that have on the rating environment. It will have an impact on rating environment. It certainly is a headwind at one level, and that is having an impact. We've seen that at 1/1. Refer you, as we said, to the website to get more detail of 1st View from our reinsurance colleagues. But so are a whole host of other things impacting the reinsurance world. An absence of significant reinsured losses, obviously, being the most critical, interest rates, economic growth, M&A and fundamentally lots of higher retentions from insurers. But it's also an enabler for us. Clients need advice, and when insurers are retaining more, they often look to the intermediary, but particularly, the analytical and consultative reinsurance broker to them, and we're very well placed in that regard. So we feel good about Willis Re. Second question, in terms of capital markets, I'd categorize Q4 '12 as great, and Q4 '13 was good, in fact, above our budget. But as we keep saying, Willis Capital Markets is a lumpy business. That is a lumpy sector and a lumpy business. So yes, of course, some of the pipeline that we might have hoped would turn up in Q4, we hope will turn up in Q1 and moving forward, but we can't be certain of that. We are absolutely doing everything we can to maximize what is a very strong pipeline. We feel good about that business in the future. 
Mark Hughes: Thanks for that color. On the flat Human Capital performance in the fourth quarter, was that new business, rates, retention? What accounted for that? 
Dominic Casserley: Let me turn to Todd Jones to talk about -- now we're talking about Human Capital in North America, right, specifically? So our Human Capital & Benefits business outside North America continues to grow very nicely. But Todd, why don't you talk about that particular quarter? 
Todd Jones: Yes. Mark, it was really a function more of sort of the seasonality in that business. I think as we look at where that business is, Dominic had mentioned for the full year, the 6% organic growth and what we see both in terms of the activity, pipelines and sort of new business that it's generating, feel great about its prospects in 2014 and got an awful lot accomplished in 2013 to set us up for a good 2014 as well. 
Operator: Our next question is Brian Meredith with UBS. 
Brian Meredith: Yes, a couple of questions. Actually, Todd, can I -- I just want to follow on to that one. Does the ACA [ph] or some of the issues going on there have any impact on your Human Capital business? And kind of what's growth prospects? Because the clients may be in decisions in buying and stuff. 
Todd Jones: Yes. Brian, it absolutely does. I mean, Dominic had mentioned, he gave you some stats around activity for the Willis Advantage, which includes our existing client base that are interested in sort of fully understanding the exchange model, not just our model but the models that exist outside of Willis. And then the prospect activity, obviously, has been off the charts. And so we've been spending a tremendous amount of time kind of in the education game, I'd say. And we will -- we continue to see that as an opportunity into 2014. It's clearly, as you know, a very evolving subject. So I suspect it's going to kind of continue to involve -- evolve, I should say, both from the provider side, the carrier side and the intermediary. So we'll continue to stay poised to try and take advantage of it. We're focused on that midmarket segment, think we've got a very unique proposition there, and we're excited about where we're heading. But yes, it creates, to your initial question, a tremendous amount of opportunity for sure. 
Brian Meredith: Great. And then the second question, maybe with respect to investment spending, is it possible to give us just kind of what your CapEx budget is for '14? 
Michael Neborak: Yes. I think, Brian, I mentioned on the call between $120 million and $135 million in 2014. 
Operator: Meyer Shields of KBW, your line is open. 
Meyer Shields: Two quick questions, if I can. One, Mike, you talked earlier about an increased 401(k) match in the fourth quarter that accounted for the full year increase. Should we expect that to be more evenly distributed in 2014? 
Michael Neborak: Yes, it will be distributed evenly in each of the first, well, the 4 quarters during 2014. So, yes. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. And is that just a North American issue or does it go beyond that? 
Michael Neborak: No, it's a North America issue. It's not only within Todd's business. It also has some implications for our Global business that has a presence in North America as well, but it's more concentrated in our North America retail business. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. And do you have an estimate for what the actual growth in share count is likely to be before the offsetting impact of repurchases? 
Michael Neborak: Well, a lot of that depends on how many options you get exercised during 2014, which we don't know. So to answer your question, what we're looking to do basically with the announced share buyback is to reduce the outstanding count by about 5 million shares from where it is today. And then the difference between what that result gets and where we end up will relate to the option exercise that will take place during 2014, which Dominic mentioned. Our goal is to immunize against those as well, but that will be handled outside of what we announced in the $200 million buyback. 
Operator: Alex Lopez [ph]. 
Unknown Analyst: I guess this is directed to Steve. Steve, I was wondering if you can give us a progress report in some of the top line initiatives for Global, specifically Global 360, Global Solutions, i.e., catering to the larger accounts. And also, your cross-sell initiative. 
Steven Hearn: Okay. Thanks, Alex [ph]. And we have others, but I can certainly comment on those 3. 360, we have operational on our London specialty portfolio. As you know, that's providing new capacity -- additional capacity in terms of our London specialty book. We are operating with a carrier at the moment and intend to have other carriers join us. In fact, we had a healthy pipeline of capacity interest in operating specifically on G360 in London and, in fact, have consideration in terms of extending that capability elsewhere around the world. We're taking our time. We're being very thoughtful in terms of the way that we're going about this. We say we have a healthy supply, but we need to be sure it's a sustainable supply and provides positive outcome, sustainably, for our customer base. So we feel good about where we are and watch the space. We expect further announcements in due course. In terms of Global Solutions, which, you will recall, is about increasing our penetration of the largest accounts in the world, not just a feature of Willis Global. It's actually a feature of Willis. And they're following the work that we did on strategy last year, the initiation of what we now describe as connecting Willis, which is working with Willis International, Willis North America and Willis Global in terms of getting our industry, geography and broking colleagues to work much closer together in terms of providing better outcomes for our customers. And again, I feel very good about where we've got to there in terms of progress. We've made 5 industry -- global industry appointments, half a dozen global product appointments and are now rolling out that strategy around the entire organization. In fact, next week, in Atlanta, we'll be doing it to North American leadership group. So good progress there. And your final point, I think is, cross-selling, which is something we do every day that we possibly can and again, of course, goes back to that connecting Willis strategy. 
Operator: Next question is Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. 
Joshua Shanker: I just wanted to go back to the topic of investments versus personnel a little bit. Obviously -- and I don't want to put words in your mouth. A year ago, you said that you could add personnel through changing personnel, that you wouldn't need to net add personnel to get the scale you need to grow. Is that still the case? 
Dominic Casserley: Thanks for your question. We did add about 3% to our headcount during 2013 very selectively. Now that's a mixture of different things. It's investments in some of our highest-margin businesses, which you've heard us talk about. It's also we've increased our headcount in Mumbai, which is our processing and analytical center we have where we've basically been moving rolls [ph] from high cost locations into the Mumbai space, and that can actually have, over time, a positive impact on our cost base. So I've said all along to you that we are growing company, okay? We need to be a growing company, and we're trying to grow our top line by mid-single digits. We grew our revenues 5%. We grew our headcount at 3%. And my expectation is as we drive our productivity improvements, we will continue to see, as I hope, strong revenue growth and productivity effects, which will start to mean we're able to drive that revenue growth without driving headcount at exactly the same pace. But during the year, we grew by 3%. But as I say, that's a mixture of multiple different things, many of them hiring key people to drive revenues going forward, others hiring people to enable us to manage our overall expenses. Again, I want to emphasize that our focus is on growing our cash flow every year, right? Because that is what we believe drives shareholder value, and so we're very much focused on that metric. 
Joshua Shanker: I'm totally sympathetic with the cash flow argument. I'm just trying to understand a little better, should we expect, probably, to net add personnel in 2014? 
Dominic Casserley: I would not be surprised if we did. 
Operator: And there are no other questions from the phone lines at this time, sir. 
Dominic Casserley: Thanks very much. Well, thank you very much, everybody, for taking part on our call. We greatly appreciate your interest in our firm, and we look forward to talking to you about our progress in 2014. 
Operator: This does conclude the conference for today. All participants may disconnect at this time. Thank you.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-30 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Peter Poillon. You may begin. 
Peter Poillon: Thank you, and welcome to our Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Conference Call, which is being hosted by Dominic Casserley, Chief Executive Officer of Willis Group Holdings. A webcast replay of the call, along with a slide presentation to which we'll be referring can be accessed through our website. If you have any questions after the call, my direct line is 1 (212) 915-8084. Please note that we may make certain statements relating to future results, which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated. These statements reflect our opinions only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update them in light of new information or future events. 
 Please refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2012, and subsequent filings, as well as our earnings press release for a more detailed discussion of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website. 
 Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Welcome, and thank you for joining our quarterly conference call. By now, you've had a chance to read the news release that we put out last night and have a copy of our slides at the ready. With me today are Michael Neborak, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Hearn, our Deputy CEO and Head of Willis Global; Tim Wright, Head of Willis International; and Todd Jones, Head of Willis North America. 
 As usual, we will be happy to answer your questions after Mike and I offer our introductory remarks. 
 So let me turn to an overview of our results. 
 Overall, these results are in line with the targets we laid out at our investor conference in July. Revenue growth in the mid-single digits, a positive spread between revenue and cost growth and good cash flow generation, all of which underpins, in our view, shareholder value creation. We, as an organization, are very pleased to have achieved those targets this quarter. However, to be clear, we told you during our investor conference that we may not hit those targets every quarter. In fact, it is likely that there will be quarters when we exceed them and quarters when we miss. Our goal is to achieve the targets on average over the near medium term. 
 This quarter, we continued making steady progress in growing our top line, delivering 5.7% organic growth. We are pleased with that. Importantly, this was the fourth consecutive quarter of solid organic growth in each of our segments: Willis North America, Willis International and Willis Global. 
 International led the way with 7.8% growth, while Global and North America grew nicely at 6.4% and 3.9%, respectively. I congratulate each of the leaders at all of our associates around the globe for their great efforts in continuing the strong performance in revenue growth over the past 12 months. 
 Now, our reported GAAP earnings were negative $0.15 per share in the current quarter, but that result was impacted by the $61 million net charge we took in August related to the refinancing activities that we executed to take advantage of the favorable debt markets. As a result of that refinancing, we pushed out maturities, issued our first ever 30-year debt and reduced the overall cost of our debt. On an adjusted basis, meaning excluding the early extinguishment charges, adjusted earnings per share were $0.19. This compares to adjusted earnings per share of $0.22 in the year-ago quarter. However, once again this quarter, this is not really an apples-to-apples comparison. Had we accrued bonuses throughout 2012, instead of amortizing retention awards, our third quarter 2012 salary and benefits would have been $17 million higher and our adjusted earnings per diluted share would have been $0.07 lower. So on an apples-to-apples comparison, the $0.19 in third quarter 2013 compares with $0.15 in the year-ago quarter. We discussed that in our press release and Mike will walk you through that in greater detail shortly. 
 So let's spend a few minutes looking at each of the businesses in some detail. I'll start with Willis North America. As I mentioned, North America achieved 3.9% organic growth in the quarter. This is another solid result that is essentially in line with what we've seen out of this segment now for 4 straight quarters. Importantly, growth in the quarter was again largely driven by new business wins. While rates were generally positive, we estimate that they accounted for a little less than 1/3 of our growth during the quarter. It's very good news that North America's growth was well distributed geographically across most regions, an important result of the work that the North American team has done to strengthen our business. The Midwest, Metro and West regions led the way during this quarter. 
 Looking at the growth from a different perspective, analyzing our industry and practice segmentation, we saw growth in both of North America's largest practices: Human Capital and Construction. Human Capital recorded low-single digit organic growth, excluding market derived commission, such as contingent commissions in the quarter and construction grew by mid-single digits. 
 While we're on the subject of Human Capital, I thought it may be helpful if I provide a brief update on the Willis Advantage. The Willis Advantage is a private exchange that delivers a range of healthcare solutions primarily to middle market commercial clients in the United States. We define the middle market as anywhere from 100 to 5,000 lives. The Willis Advantage enables employers to administer benefits within a defined contribution model, structured around an online insurance marketplace with robust decision support tools. We announced our insurance exchange offering in May of this year, presuming that our clients will be looking at it as a potential alternative for 2014 and beyond. 
 We believe that our offering is unique in that we're the only entity that has an approach to address the underlying cost of healthcare by integrating a health management approach as an option. We've asked carriers to provide enhanced terms and conditions for clients that adopt our formal health outcomes program as part of their exchange solution. And thus far, many have agreed to enhanced underwriting terms and conditions, including first year premium reductions to account for the better than average risk. 
 Clients and prospects have been very receptive to our approach and we have had significant interest. We're engaged with literally hundreds of clients and prospects, and currently have 30 to 40 clients and prospects in advanced discussions for 2014 enrollments and another 30 to 40 clients for 2015 enrollments. 
 Additionally, we have had numerous marketing opportunities to be in front of prospects to discuss Willis' insurance exchange platform, as well as Human Capital capabilities beyond exchanges and that had been, and we expect will be, a factor in the growth in that practice. 
 Let's now move to Willis International. Willis International grew strongly at 7.8% in the third quarter, bringing organic growth for the 9 months to 4.5%. The third quarter growth was a very good result given some of the challenges we continue to experience in the United Kingdom and Western Europe, which together, made up around 50% of International's revenues in the quarter. 
 In the U.K., our business was down mid-single digits in the quarter as we continue to work to turn that region around as we've discussed during our investor conference. On a positive note, the U.K. real estate business performed very well in the quarter. In Western Europe, amidst continued generally weak economic conditions, we reported essentially flat revenue growth. However, once again, there were marked differences between countries with strong performances in Iberia, Sweden and Norway on the back of new business wins and solid retention. Those gains were offset by declines elsewhere, primarily in Germany and Italy. 
 With these results in the U.K. and Western Europe, there were clearly very strong results elsewhere around the world to get us to 7.8% overall growth for Willis International. So let me provide some detail of international results for the quarter in the other regions. 
 In Eastern Europe, we recorded growth in excess of 10%, primarily driven by our performance in Russia, which grew mid-teens. Latin America grew solidly once again with mid-teens organic growth. Brazil, Argentina and Venezuela were particularly strong during the period with excellent new business wins. Asia had an exceptionally strong double-digit growth quarter with very strong growth in Hong Kong and China. 
 Finally, Australasia had a very good quarter, with growth in excess of 10%, partly as a result of revenue timing that moved from the second quarter as we described last quarter, and partly driven by a pickup of new business and very strong retention in the regions. This was the best quarter for our Australian business in some time and a sign of the progress we have been making to improve our operations there. 
 Tim Wright told you during the investor conference in July that the International team is reviewing businesses that do not fit our core strengths and competencies around the globe. For instance, during the quarter, we sold our book of small commercial clients in England and will now focus on serving that type of client base by our Willis Commercial Network. And it's worth noting that the buyer of that book of business is a member of the Willis Commercial Network. 
 Let's now move to Willis Global. Willis Global comprises Willis REIT, specialty, placement and Willis capital markets and advisory. Willis Global had another good quarter with organic growth of 6.4%. Willis Re led the way again with growth in the high-single digits. The Specialties Reinsurance business stood out, recording growth in the mid-teens, driven by broad new business growth and improved retention rates.  Within specialties reinsurance both Marine and Non-marine businesses were strong. 
 North American reinsurance business recorded growth in the high-single digits with solid new business across the region. International Reinsurance business grew mid-single digits with solid growth in Europe and Asia-Pacific, offset by a decline in Latin America. The Global Specialty businesses grew mid-single digits with good growth from new business and continued solid retention. The Specialties business achieved strong performance in financial and executive risks, fine art, jewelry and specie and construction. Willis Capital Markets & Advisory revenues in the quarter were essentially flat to last year's comparable quarter. 
 With that, I will turn it over to Mike to discuss the rest of the financial results. I'll return later with some final comments before turning it over to you for questions. 
Michael Neborak: Thank you, Dominic, and good day, everyone. During my comments, please refer to the slide presentation that is posted on our website. In reviewing the numbers, all comparisons are made to the third quarter 2012, unless otherwise stated. As noted in the first 2 earnings calls this year, the change in our remuneration policy from retention award amortization to bonus accrual distorts the comparison to prior periods expenses and therefore, to prior periods EPS and operating margin. 
 This quarter, that difference was about $17 million or $0.07 per diluted share and 230 basis points of operating margin. I'll walk through those impacts as we go through the numbers. As Dominic mentioned, we continue to deliver solid underlying results in our seasonally smallest quarter, driven by 5.7% organic commission and fee growth. The published numbers on Slide 3 show adjusted operating income of $76 million and adjusted EPS of $0.19 per share, both down from the prospective figures last year. However, if you factor out the $17 million impact from changing our remuneration policy, our adjusted operating income would have increased by $11 million or 17% this quarter, and our adjusted operating margin would have increased by 100 basis points. 
 Likewise, for adjusted EPS, if you factor out the $0.07 per share impact from changing our remuneration policy, that measure would have increased by $0.04 per share or 27%. Foreign exchange movements had no impact on our operating income and EPS figures this quarter. Revenues were negatively impacted by $4 million and expenses were positively impacted by the same amount, so a wash. 
 Now let me explain our total expense growth in more detail on Slide 4. Underlying growth in total operating expenses was 7.6%. A like-for-like comparison of our expense base shows 4.9% growth after adjusting the third quarter 2012 for the change in remuneration policy. 
 Let me now talk about what drove that growth. First, salaries and benefits. Slide 5 shows the quarterly impact from changing our remuneration policy. As we've discussed previously, our S&B expense for the full-year 2012 would have been $48 million higher had we been accruing for annual cash bonuses throughout 2012, the way we are doing it now, instead of amortizing retention awards. The impact this quarter was $17 million and you should note that there will be a $15 million impact on the fourth quarter comparison. After that, you should be happy to know that our 2014 compensation comparison will be on a consistent basis and you will not have to hear about terms like apples-to-apples, like-for-like and change in remuneration policy. 
 Turning to Slide 6. You see that underlying salaries and benefits expense increased 8.4%. Fully, 360 basis points of that increase was due to the change in remuneration policy. On a like-for-like comparison, underlying S&B expense was up 4.8%. The main drivers of this growth were a combination of headcount levels that increased by about 3% since October 1, 2012, and the impact of annual salary increases. 
 I also want to point out that the $17 million compensation difference had a more negative impact on the reported margins in Global and International. In the case of Global, 490 of the 780 basis point decline in the operating margin relates to the change in remuneration policy. The remaining decline is mostly due to headcount additions in reinsurance, placement and compliance. Plus, there were some acquired expenses from a small acquisition that closed in June. 
 International's reported margins, which increased by 30 basis points, was negatively impacted by 280 basis points as a result of the change in remuneration policy. 
 Slide 7 shows a quarterly comparison of other operating expenses. On an adjusted underlying basis, these expenses grew 6.7% in the quarter. That growth was driven primarily by higher professional fees and business development expenses. 
 Before I move on to discuss taxes, let me first spend a moment discussing our debt management activity in the quarter. It was a busy quarter in that regard and in my view, a very successful one. As I mentioned on our last call, we amended our credit facility, we pushed out the maturity on our term loan and revolver to July 2018, and we also increased the size of our revolver from $500 million to $800 million, which simply provides us with more financial flexibility. 
 During the quarter, we also issued $525 million of Senior Notes, $275 million with a 30-year maturity and $250 million with a 10-year maturity. We used the proceeds from those notes to buy back $521 million of our outstanding 2015, '17 and '19 maturities through a tender offer. In conjunction with this activity, the company recorded a loss on debt extinguishment of $60 million. We also recorded a $1 million expense for tender-related fees within our other operating expense line.  Those charges were adjusted out of our reported results in calculating our adjusted EPS and adjusted margins. 
 In summary, those actions increased the weighted average maturity of our debt by 4 years, while reducing the weighted average debt cost by approximately 20 basis points. So for the cost of executing this transaction today, we get lots of benefits way out into the future. 
 Moving on to taxes. As I'm sure you've noted, the reported tax rate this quarter is highly unusual as we reported $11 million of tax expense on a pretax loss of $15 million. This requires a bit of explanation. 
 Over the previous 2 quarters, we've discussed that our U.S. operations are in a cumulative 3-year loss position due to the charges in goodwill impairment we recorded dating back to 2011. We also mentioned that U.S. GAAP requires us to maintain a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets and that very little tax charge will be booked against our U.S. income. We also cannot record any tax benefits against U.S. net losses. 
 Since the debt we redeemed during the quarter was outstanding in the U.S., the charge was recorded there. The result was that our U.S. operations had a significant loss in the quarter and the tax benefit cannot be recorded until we move out of the cumulative 3-year loss position. When looking at the quarter's results on an adjusted basis, meaning, excluding the debt extinguishment charges, the adjusted tax rate is about 24%, which is in line with our expectations for the quarter. 
 Moving now to the Associates line. Third quarter of 2013 showed a loss of $1 million compared to a loss of $2 million in the year-ago quarter. For the full-year 2013, we still expect the Associates line to be a loss of $1 million to $3 million, as Gras Savoye completes its operational review. As a result, we expect the Associates line in the fourth quarter will be a loss of $12 million to $14 million. 
 Let me wrap up with some comments on the balance sheet. We ended the third quarter with $623 million of cash, up $120 million from June 30. Although the third quarter is our seasonally smallest quarter for net income, cash generation is typically strong due to collections of receivables. Our cash balance also benefited from other positive units in working capital and the close out of 2 in-the-money derivative instruments. We settled the interest rates swap attached to the 2015 bonds that were redeemed this quarter and we settled the treasury rate lock that was purchased in June ahead of the tender and refinancing transactions we completed during early August. 
 Finally, we benefited from proceeds received during the quarter from employee stock option exercises. On this point, we are closely monitoring the amount of share dilution resulting from employee option grants. Going forward, we will consider repurchasing shares from time to time to offset that shareholder dilution. 
 I think that is very much in line with what we told you in July at our investor conference when we said that we would use our cash in ways that we believe are in the best interest of our shareholders. 
 And finally, total debt on our balance sheet at September 30 was about $2.3 billion, down slightly from year-end and at quarter end, our $800 million revolver was undrawn. 
 With that, I'll turn the call back to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Thanks, Mike. At our investor conference, we laid out our strategic vision that we believe will allow us to grow revenues, drive operating leverage and increase cash flow. We discussed where we would compete and how we would compete. In our discussions about how we would compete, we told you we want to innovate, to ensure we are bringing the best solutions to our clients; invest selectively in new talent, better technology and M&A where we see the appropriate opportunity; and connect all of Willis to make it much easier for associates to bring all of the firm to our clients. 
 Touching on that connectivity point, let me tell you what we've been doing since that investor conference. We know the value of working together across Willis and our clients expect and deserve that from us. To help deliver this, we have started making changes to our management structure that will make it easier for Willis Associates to work as one team to serve clients better and thereby, drive more cross-selling. 
 In that context, we've introduced new global industry roles and new global product role, which we described in detail in our press release of October 24. These leaders will work with existing geographical, regional and office heads to make sure that we provide the full range of products and solutions to all clients in every industry around the world. 
 All of us at Willis want to improve our value proposition to clients by delivering the full range of Willis' global industry and risk expertise locally. Willis is at its most compelling and is most successful when we combine our local teams in the country with our global specialist expertise. The organizational changes we are making will go a long way to ensure that we achieve this across our entire business around the world and that is very exciting for all of us. We will now be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thomas Mitchell of Miller Tabak, you may ask your question. 
Thomas Mitchell: We've been looking at things on an adjusted basis, which I think is correct. There's no reason not to look at things on an apples-to-apples basis. If we look at your revenues per share and go back to 2011, because the third quarter of 2012 was borderline miserable, your growth in revenues per share has been very, very modest over the last 8 quarters. So, I guess what I'm wondering is, is there reason to expect that the differentiation between revenue growth and expense growth from here will expand so that the operating leverage that you can get out of it falls through to the bottom line on a per-share basis a little more quickly? 
Dominic Casserley: It's a reasonable question. Look, we are focused on delivering cash flow to our shareholders through a combination of revenue growth and some margin expansion, which we described in our investor conference. As you know, no one in the business are providing quarter-by-quarter or year-by-year projections or guidance, but the general direction of what we're trying to do was lay it out very clearly in the investor conference. So we will absolutely be focused on making sure that we deliver that cash flow to shareholders on a growing basis. 
Thomas Mitchell: And separately, I'm just wondering a little bit whether the expense growth that you saw in the quarter is something that we should continue to expect, that there's, again, the underlying expense growth, apples-to-apples or whether or not there were factors that made it a little bit more expensive or there was more investment in people and capabilities than we would expect on a -- going forward in other quarters? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, I think my answer is going to be a same again, which is -- and as we described at the investor conference, Willis is very much a global company. You heard about some of the growth rates we are finding and achieving in some of our markets. As investors, you would want us to be investing behind our growth opportunities. So when we are seeing double-digit revenue growth opportunities or high, very single digit revenue growth opportunities on a continuing basis in many of our markets, we, of course, will be hiring behind those. We have to balance that with productivity improvements elsewhere and thinking very carefully about some markets, which we may not want to invest behind so  much or even exit, as you heard we've done in the small way in England in this quarter. So it will be a balance, but let me be clear, where we see sustained revenue growth with good margin opportunities, we are going to add people and invest behind them. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Locraft of Morgan Stanley. 
Gregory Locraft: I just wanted to get some color from you guys on the pricing dynamic in the P&C marketplace. You can sort of answer in any way you see fit, whether by line, by geography, all of the above or all in kind of numbers, however you think it makes sense to analyze. 
Dominic Casserley: As you know, we've issued a number of reviews publicly about what we think is going on in the market, but let me turn it over to Steve Hearn who can provide us with a bit of an overview of what we see going on. Steve? 
Steven Hearn: Thanks, Dominic. Greg, I'll try and to do all of the above in terms of comment. I think it's a particularly interesting time in terms of rate both in reinsurance and insurance as the industry works through the impact of what's been a relatively quiet claims period, impact of the so-called new capital and programs such as our own Global 360. So if I start perhaps with reinsurance, I think what we see at the moment and for the immediate future, I'll break it down through the 3 business units that we operate. Firstly our Specialty Reinsurance business, where as I think you know, we're the market leader. With a couple of exceptions, we see these rates down, say 5% or so. A couple of exceptions, aerospace, reinsurance we'd see it down more, perhaps 10%, on occasion, even more. In our Marine Reinsurance business, which we would see as largely flat, which is really reflecting the loss experience in that class. And secondly, in reinsurance, we look at our international reinsurance book and we'd see that as probably about 5% down on a risk-adjusted basis with a few, perhaps obvious exceptions like U.K. and French auto, which are up. And finally for reinsurance on North American business, here, we see probably cut down 20%, 25%, which we think is consistent with what we saw in the midyear renewals and casualty may be flat to down 5%, something like that. On the insurance side, again, I'll probably break it down to 3 ways to look at our business. Firstly, specialty insurance, which we'd see generally flat with again, maybe the exception in the Aerospace business, which we would see down by as much as 10% or even more, and upstream energy, which we would also see as down. Our International Insurance business, as you would understand, a very difficult one to generalize about, given the vast range of countries that Tim and his colleagues operate in. But I think we'd conclude that the general trend towards property rates coming off a bit and Worker's Comp continuing to trend upwards. And Willis North America, property and casualty up 2.5% to 5.5%, respectively, something like that. Human Capital and Personal Lines may be about 3.5%. Important and I say this each time I get a similar question on the earnings call, I think it's important to remind everybody that rate fluctuations don't necessarily bleed directly into our own earnings and with rates down people, sometimes by more, we certainly see that in reinsurance. And additionally, we've driven some very strong new business growth. So while the rate may be down on an expiring policy with somebody else, this is new income to us. And finally, of course, we have some income on a fee basis. So I hope that gives you some sort of the flavor of what we think is going on. 
Gregory Locraft: Yes, that's an excellent answer. Very, very thorough. How should we be thinking about -- I mean, the reinsurance segment has done very well. Should we be worried about the earnings trajectory as pricing pulls in for that segment? Really it's an '14 and beyond kind of question. You guys are operating really well right now. It looks like another good quarter there. 
Steven Hearn: It is, Greg, I'll take that one as well, Dominic, if I may. Yes, another great quarter out of Willis Re. Maybe people are getting tired or me saying that, I'm not getting tired saying it. I can tell you it's a great result. Largely driven, as we said, as Dominic said in his commentary, buying new business as well. So it's not by accident. This is very much sustaining business growth that's driving these numbers, as well as a good retention. Obviously the debate is around what happens in terms of property cap -- new capital whether that bleeds into other product classes or out of North America, which is largely where it's concentrated at the moment. That's one factor, which obviously is going to have some sort of impact on the reinsurance world. Again, I repeat, lower premiums don't necessarily mean lower earnings and we do find people buy more, particularly outside the larger reinsurance buyers when rates are coming down. There's been a lot of public comment around the larger reinsurance buyers retaining more, buying less reinsurance capacity. But again, that doesn't necessarily flow through in terms of the reinsurance intermediaries earnings because often, in fact always, you'll find reinsurance intermediary or 2, engaged in providing advice and modeling around that risk retention activity. So I think we feel very good about Willis Re, it continues to perform very well and, and particularly given its market share in a couple of jurisdictions, notably North America, we still anticipate good performance out of that business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi: So just maybe on the expenses lines. First  off, on the comp side, on the salary and benefits side. Can you kind of break out the headcount increases versus the salary components? Is that possible? 
Michael Neborak: So the headcount increases that I referred to is being roughly 3% over the last 12 months breakout, North America is essentially flat to up a little bit. International was between 4% and 4.5%. Global is up between 6% and 7%. So that's kind of split between reinsurance, placement and some of the other activities that Steve referred to. And then our corporate expenses headcount are up about 3%. 
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. And so is that -- I mean, is that sort of part of the implied salary increases? And I mean, is that how we should be thinking about the way that you're looking at annual compensation cost  for existing employees is that sort of 3-ish percent increase? . 
Dominic Casserley: No, no, no. It's Dominic here. He was giving you the headcount increase here. 
Michael Nannizzi: Oh, I see. So you -- yes, I'm more interested in the line items. So I'm trying to understand... 
Michael Neborak: If you add to the headcount increases, basically what we call same-store merit salary increases, about 2%, across the board obviously. There's a lot of differentiation. Some people get 0, some people get more, but in average, it's about 2%. The 3% headcount increase over those, just trying to explain the expense growth of the third quarter plus that 2% gives you that 4.8%, 4.9% true expense growth in our S&B line that I referred to. 
Michael Nannizzi: And then on the other trends line [ph], I think the press release mentioned some business development and other costs. Is there any way that we can try and peel out some of those items just to understand kind of what's underneath? 
Michael Neborak: Well, some of them were related to the investor conference, all the activity leading up to that in July and August. Some of it relates to some consulting expenses that we incurred as it -- to support that effort from the beginning of the year through July. So all the expenses really, of that nature. 
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. And then can you also walk through like the year-over-year change in the corporate line? That was a pretty substantial decline. I mean, there's a laundry list of things that are included there, but is there any way to kind of highlight the items that most impacted the year-over-year change? 
Michael Neborak: The year-over-year change is mostly in the third quarter of 2012, we had a $12 million settlement for our India JV, so if you -- that was a onetime. The difference between the third quarter this year and last year is purely that charge that was there in the third quarter last year and not there in this quarter, 2013. 
Michael Nannizzi: And then last question just on Gras Savoye. I mean, can we get an update there. I mean, it sounds like you're expecting sort of similar number in the fourth quarter as previously. Any update there on the restructuring actions? Is there, in terms of improving profitability or on the leverage side given you may have taken some actions there? Anything as far as new debt actions that you might expect and any change to your potential option exercise in '16? 
Dominic Casserley: So let me take the first or the last part of that and then hand over to Tim Wright just to give you an update on how the restructuring is going. Our position remains the same on we have to make a decision about whether we exercise our option in the spring of '15 and we would actually close the transaction in '16. We remain very interested in Gras Savoye of course. It's not often you get the opportunity to buy a leader in a major market, who also has a range of very exciting growth opportunities around Africa, the Middle East and bits of Asia and Eastern Europe. So we will look at the asset and it's also affirmed that we have known for many years, so we really understand how it works. Obviously, however, we have to keep an eye on how the major economies it works in our performing so that's why we're happy to have this option. And we're also interested in how it's performing on its underlying business. There are no specific debt changes we would expect related to this in the near future. So let me hand over to Tim just to give you an update on where we stand in the operation improvement. 
Timothy Wright: Michael, on Gras Savoye, just a reminder, if we need to. This is a business that has very strong positions in the French market. It's the market leader. It's been somewhat challenged in recent years, a combination of the market environment and the need to restructure that business. There is a relatively new leadership team there and as we have discussed before, they are going through a process of restructuring that business, and that is going well. That takes time but it's going well. So there's nothing new to report on that. And also, the restructuring, I should stress, is both operational to help with the cost side of the equation, but it's also focused on driving growth, both in France and in their international operations. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Klauber of William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: A couple of questions on the health care exchanges. Great to see you're gaining traction. Could you give us an idea of how many lives you think you'll have by the end of the year for the selling season, number one? Number two, could you give us an idea, I guess, how much of the interest level building at your clients? And then number 3 is how are the brokers doing selling? It's sort of a new proposition for them, are they ramping up on it? 
Dominic Casserley: So let me -- I'm going to turn over to Todd, but I think the overall message we have here is we took our time to enter this market because we wanted to really understand it. We didn't rush in. And as I said, we only launched our discussions in May and we have taken a very deliberate approach both around having it as part of our overall objective package of offerings that we have for our clients so that we can enter into a full consultative discussion with them. But we're excited about both the level of debates we're having and these specific opportunities around the private exchange that are emerging. So that's been our posture. So let me hand over to Todd to give you some more detail on trends and how the dialogue with the clients is going. 
Todd Jones: So obviously, it's very difficult for us to forecast how many lives we're going to have on this thing going forward, but as we have future calls and can give future updates on the performance of our exchange and the trends we're seeing, we'll certainly do that. And that's probably good segue into your second comment about interest, which has been sort of going back to Dominic's prepared comments, it has been overwhelming in terms of the interest of our client base and prospective clients on just trying to understand the dynamics of the exchange marketplace, both the public and private exchange marketplace, understanding their position around a defined contribution model and how that works going forward. So it's provided a great platform for us to go out and meet with clients and prospects, talking about that, but as well as our other offerings within Human Capital. And finally, your last question, which is a really good one on how were they doing with sort of selling this. And as Dominic mentioned, we rolled this out in May and we spent a good part of the summer sort of educating and training our Human Capital professionals on not only the offering, but what's going on in the marketplace, et cetera, which was a big shift for us in terms of training. I think like anything, the more comfortable you become with the subject and the repetitive conversations that are happening with clients and prospects, you just get more comfortable in selling the concept. All along, our goal was to be sort of an objective advisor in this process, not pushing people to one solution, but providing sort of a range of options and looking at it in terms of their risk profile, their relationship with their employee base and how they want to manage that going forward. So all in all, we've been really encouraged by the progress that we've been making and the work that we've done in that space. 
Adam Klauber: And one follow-up on Human Capital. I've heard that commissions for middle-market health-insurance, generally, there's been a moderate pressure in commissions, but you're still growing. So does that mean you've able to take market share in that area? 
Todd Jones: Adam, it's Todd again. I think to answer your question, yes. I think we are taking market share in that regard. And I don't know if we've seen necessarily, the downward pressure on commission rates that you're referencing. Obviously, compensation is a bit of a fluid issue in that space, but I think as I look at the trends in that market that we play in, I would look at the growth as definitely gaining market share. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Two outlook questions, if I can. One, is it too early to know or to expect full year operating profits for Gras Savoye in 2014? 
Dominic Casserley: Tim, do you want to answer that question? 
Timothy Wright: As you know, we provide some guidance, which we've done in terms of the fourth quarter. All I'd say about 2014 is that we are on track in terms of our medium-term plans with Gras Savoye. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. And similar question and hopefully, this doesn't contravene your approach to guidance. Corporate segment operating income, is there any sort of underlying run rate that we can assume? 
Michael Neborak: Well, the corporate segment, just let me step back, Meyer, and just tell you what's in that corporate segment again. So we have the intangible amortization in that segment. So that's the only line that is pretty fixed, because we know schedules, so we know what that number is going to be every quarter. And then we have other things related to foreign exchange hedging and some valuation, revaluation foreign exchange on our balance sheet, which runs through there. So those items are pretty unpredictable. So therefore, it jumps around a lot. So if you go back to the intangible amortization, that's about $14 million a quarter, it comes down slightly as you go out, but that's the number that's set. And then everything else revolves around foreign exchange and then to the extent that we have some special charges, for, example, that's the line where we took our operational review charges back in the first quarter this year, that's the line where we took the goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter of last year. So all those kind of one-off items typically get booked into there. And also, in the third quarter of 2012, as I mentioned, the settlement that we had to get out of our India JV was recorded to that line. So it's very difficult to predict the real run rate other than that $14 million of intangible amortization that runs through it every quarter. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Cohen: A couple of questions. The first is, fourth quarter 2012, it looked like Global had a pretty big jump in organic growth. And as I recall, there were some unusual items. Can you talk about what the comparison looks like this year fourth quarter versus last year fourth quarter in that segment? 
Dominic Casserley: Capital Markets is the -- actually, Capital Markets is fundamentally the answer to your question. They had a significant Q4 last year. You know the nature of that business very well, it's lumpy and unpredictable but significant when it comes home. And certainly, we have a very active pipeline and active engagements at the moment. Whether they close in Q4 or not is obviously, yet to be determined. 
Jay Cohen: Can you remind us what the sort of overage was in that quarter? Was there any  unusually large transactions, any numbers behind that? 
Michael Neborak: So Jay, in the quarter there, it was lots of transactions. I think the largest one that got recorded was about a $3 million, $3.5 million fee. So I think in total, the revenues were somewhere in the $10 million to $15 million range. 
Dominic Casserley: I think north of that but yes, it was -- I guess what you're looking for is was it a 1 item that drove it, it wasn't. It was a pipeline that actually looks very similar to the pipeline we're looking at, at the moment. 
Jay Cohen: Got it. Second question on health care exchanges. Obviously, other companies have jumped into this a bit earlier than you and they made significant investments as they ramped up their capabilities for this product. You're obviously wading a little bit slower than some others. Is there still a material amount of investment that you have to make to be competitive with say, the Aons of the world which has put a lot of money into this? 
Dominic Casserley: You're right, we did think very carefully about this, both making sure we got our market positioning right. For our target client base, we want to make sure we were providing the exact right market positioning and the products that would work. We can't comment on others' investments, but our investment was in a controlled way. And we do not, at the moment, envision significant additional investment beyond what we've already spent. Now the market might change, things might evolve, but at the moment, we're comfortable where we are, that we have a highly competitive product for the market segment we are targeting. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Huff of Stephens Incorporated. 
John Campbell: This is John Campbell in for Brett Huff. You guys mentioned some delayed revs in International last quarter and it does sound like that helped Australasia result in 3Q. But can you guys just maybe just pinpoint how much of that rev rolled over from 2Q and then maybe just to what extent, if any at all, that additional rev benefited margins? 
Dominic Casserley: Tim, do you want to take the Australia question? 
Timothy Wright: Australia is just, again, a bit of context Australasia, Australia in particular, was in that first category I talked about at the investor conference of turnaround. And the performance you saw in the quarter was a combination of some positive timing that came out of Q2 that I think we talked about in the Q2 call and also, underlying growth. But that they -- I would say, the mix of that was pretty balanced. So it's not just one piece of timing that's driving growth there, it's a combination and we're actually seeing improved, new business wins and high retention, so -- and in terms of the margin, yes, that did drop through to the margin in Australasia in the quarter. 
John Campbell: Okay. So I guess it's fair to say it was just a small amount of rev coming over from 2Q? 
Timothy Wright: As I say, the uplift we saw was a consequence of the 2 things but we had growth in the quarter in excess of 10% and the key point, I think, is that only part of that was the result of the change in business. It was timing, it wasn't revenue recognition, it was business that normally would've been in Q2 that moved into Q3. But we're still seeing good underlying growth, which is great to see in a business that hasn't had that for some time. 
John Campbell: Great, and just as a follow-up, is there a particular leverage ratio you guys are kind of setting out as a medium-term or near-term goal? 
Dominic Casserley: It's Dominic here. No. We have stated in the investor conference that we believe being an investment-grade company is very important to us and that we are going to manage our growth agenda within that context. We have no desire beyond that. We're making sure that our balance sheet meets the needs of being an investment-grade company and we obviously are in dialogue with our lenders in that context and that we can execute our growth agenda. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Doug Mewhirter, SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. 
Douglas Mewhirter: I was trying to I guess, follow-up on the rate movements in North America and the P&C. Have you seen, I guess, a disruption or maybe a little more sustainability to positive rate movements from the recent troubles that some small or midsize companies like Tower Group and Meadowbrook or do you think that there's still -- the supply and demand is starting to balance out? 
Steven Hearn: No. It's Steve again, Doug. No, I think probably more relevant is the larger debate around capital arriving in the reinsurance world is impact on the primary markets, those types of things that are driving probably as much as anything, an attitudinal view of what's going on for a rate perspective. Added  to which as I said earlier, the relatively benign claims period that we're experiencing. So I think those are probably more material to what's happening in the rates. 
Douglas Mewhirter: So just to -- just so I understand your answer, you're saying that actually, the increase or the I guess, the increased cheapness of reinsurance is actually putting pressure on the primary market, you're actually seeing that filter in? 
Steven Hearn: We are, certainly in some parts of the world, yes. But again, I think it's more about attitude than actual reality of what's happening. I think there's an awareness of reinsurance rating that's out there that's driving a primary insurance view of rate rather than the absolute reinsurance capacity that's being deployed. Does that make sense? 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Gelb of Barclays. 
Jay Gelb: Could you give us a bit more insight to the Willis 360 program in terms of what that could mean for top line and margins in future years? 
Dominic Casserley: We've developed the 360 with great care. We did not jump into this opportunity but instead, thought about it very carefully and talked to lots of people to come up with a proposition, which we think is critically is good for our clients on a sustainable basis, which was the criteria we had to use. Let me turn over to Steve who's been heavily involved in this talk through, how that's been developed. 
Steven Hearn: I think the short answer to your question is it's too early to determine the impact on our bottom line or our top line, for that matter. But let me give you a little bit more color of what we've been doing and where we are and why we're excited about this new initiative. As Dominic said, we've been very thoughtful in our approach here with an overarching objective of trying to provide something that's going to be sustainable, better outcomes for our clients, not just a quick reaction or a quick turn, but something that's sustainable. We've been very public about what we've been doing and public over an extended period, talking to capacity providers far and wide. Over 40 organizations have engaged with us on the subject and I think I'd describe the outcome at the moment in terms of what we've announced we're launching really, in 3 areas. Firstly, what I described as traditional providers who are looking to provide additional capacity or diversify from a product line perspective; secondly, reinsurers who themselves are looking to diversify and perhaps move up the chain; and finally, what I describe as emergent capacity such as that coming out of places like China. I'd say we see this as more of an a evolution than a revolution in terms of what's going on here. Our motivation has been very much about the client and I think my answer to your question probably is that if we do that and maintain the client focus, we'll sell more insurance and we'll retain more business, and that should benefit our shareholders as well as our clients as we move forward, that's certainly our plan. But it's very early days. 
Jay Gelb: Separate issue, the Supreme Court recently heard oral arguments in the Stanford Financial litigation. I was hoping you can provide your updated perspective on the potential outcome of that case and whether you have any reserves established against it. 
Dominic Casserley: It's Dominic here. As we have said before, we were pleased that the Supreme Court agreed to hear the case. The Court, remember, is addressing a technical legal issue that was only the first of many legal issues we pointed out to the trial court. If we win at the Supreme Court, obviously, we will be delighted. But everyone should understand that if we "lose" that review, there are a host of additional legal issues that will still need to be addressed by the district court. In other words, the case will be at much the same posture as it was 4 years ago and we continue to be ready to fight the allegations case every step of the way. So that's our view on that. 
Jay Gelb: Okay, and are there any reserves established against it currently? 
Dominic Casserley: No. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Darren Marcus of MKM Partners. 
Darren Marcus: So I was just curios to get some more color on the healthcare exchange product that you guys have. For example, is it fully insured versus self-insured, how many carriers do you have on the exchange and do you guys have a retiree product or is it just an active exchange product? 
Dominic Casserley: Let me have Todd give you a bit more detail on the Willis Advantage exchange. 
Todd Jones: So Darren, let me -- I tried to jot down your questions, let me know if I miss any. So it is a single carrier product for active employees only. So we're not looking to attack the retiree market. And there was one other question you had in there that I think I'd missed. 
Darren Marcus: Just how many -- so how many carriers have you got -- fully insured versus self-insured, I'm sorry. 
Todd Jones: I'm sorry, so fully insured, single carrier, active. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS. 
Brian Meredith: A couple of ones here. First, I'm curious, could you give us some insight as to what you think is going to go on with Western Europe. You're at flat right now, kind of what's your read is, are things picking up at all for you guys? 
Dominic Casserley: Brian, I'm happy to give you perspective but I'm actually going to be even happier to allow Tim to do that. He spends his time really focused on the detail of that. I can tell you before we start, he's going to give you a "it's complicated", but Tim? 
Timothy Wright: Brian, it's complicated. Obviously, Europe is a very big business for us, it's about 40% of International revenues as you know, and it comprises many different markets and they vary considerably. So from quarter-to-quarter and from country to country, you'll see quite a lot of movement. But in terms of general themes, Europe is obviously in a macroeconomic sense, in a better shape than it was in a few years ago. We would not be the only people to observe that. In terms of our business, we expect to continue to take share by growing in low-single digits and maybe moving that up to mid-single digits. That's our anticipation but that's going to be a result of a combination of lots of ups and downs and variations from country to country, which are not entirely driven by the macroeconomic environment. It depends on segments we compete in, the businesses that we have, et cetera. But as I said at the investor conference, we're confident that we can continue to take share in a flat to low growth environment in Europe through innovation and the things I described in the investor conference. 
Brian Meredith: Great. And then one for Mike. Mike, is there any early read you can give us on what your pension expense and the pension funding may look like in 2014 given where we are with interest rates? 
Michael Neborak: Yes, that's a great question. We don't do that analysis 'til here in the fourth quarter, so I don't have a read for 2014. But I'll just remind you of one thing, we have an agreement with the trustees, which comes up for renewal at the end of this year. It usually takes quite a while to negotiate that. And so for the near term in 2014, we'll be kind of paying into the funding agreement that existed at the end of 2010 until this one gets renegotiated. 
Brian Meredith: And then just lastly, any chance you've got free cash flow for the quarter and just a quick request, is it possible to get a cash flow statement with your earnings release going forward, given that cash flow is now kind of an important metric for you? 
Michael Neborak: That's our goal and at some point during 2014, I hope we'll be able to do that. Today, the reason, basic reason why we don't do it is because we have a cash flow statement. To be quite honest, sometimes it's very difficult to find out the reason for movements and to provide the cash flow statement without being able to explain to you the reasons for movements doesn't seem to be very productive. So the goal is to have that sometime during 2014. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. 
Joshua Shanker: I'm sorry about all the exchange questions but it's a hot topic right now. Can you talk a little bit about 3 years ago, 2 years ago, a client of yours wanted some help with their health care benefits, how you guys would get paid for just servicing that need and in an exchange world, how you get paid going forward? 
Dominic Casserley: We'll do the 2 years back first and then talk about the private exchange, how we're getting paid for that. Todd, do you want to take that? 
Todd Jones: Yes. Josh, effectively, our compensation will work in a very similar manner today as it did 2, 3 years ago. We get paid commissions or fees to consult on a placement or a transaction. And doing that transaction, we could also earn additional income out of the sale of ancillary products beyond just the health and welfare products that we would normally transact. So I think if you're trying to get your head around migrating from sort of 1 mile to the other in terms of how we feel about our compensation, the near term, we feel the same in terms of how were comp'd historical levels to future levels. I think the one thing we are excited about is the opportunity to sell additional products and services in through that exchange platform that don't necessarily currently exist today. So we see it as a terrific opportunity going forward. 
Joshua Shanker: And to the extent under the exchange -- will your compensation be at all dis-intermediated by having a paid liaison a part of it? 
Todd Jones: No. We've essentially taken that into account in terms of that relationship in order to deal with any cost relative to the platform. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Bob Glasspiegel of Janney Capital Markets. 
Robert Glasspiegel: What is the Gras Savoye restructuring charges that are running through current year numbers that may not be existing next year? It looks like you're projecting Q4 to be down severely versus the year ago, which I suspect has charges even though the full year number is coming in, in line with earlier guidance? 
Michael Neborak: Bob, this is Mike here. So for first 3 quarters of the year, very little charges have come through. We're anticipating the charges really to come through in the fourth quarter and Q1 in 2014, potentially. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. So any just general comments on what the underlying earnings are doing in that business x charges? Is it sort of running at break even and you're making investments that will lead to profits or... 
Dominic Casserley: Tim, do you want to -- it's Dominic. Tim should talk about that but first thing we should understand, this is still a profitable business. This restructuring is about making it more profitable. Tim? 
Timothy Wright: Yes. I mean the business is making money on an underlying basis. I'm sure the aspiration is that it can make more over time and that's the reason for the restructuring. But as I said, there is a medium-term plan. The shareholders of Gras Savoye are including with it, have agreed and they're heading in the right direction. So very -- I would just say as a gloss, it's a very positive development of the business. We feel very good about what the leadership team at Gras Savoye are doing. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. Maybe I'm missing something, but it's -- you're not reporting much in profits and equity in Associates. Are there other losses that are dwarfing the profits that Gras Savoye is doing or is there acquisition accounting or... 
Michael Neborak: Well, there's other associates that we have included in that line item. Gras Savoye is the largest but there are other relatively large ones as well, not anywhere near the size of Gras Savoye. And that line item is a combination of their operating income that they have plus they have some debt that they owe to us and so it's pretty complicated when you factor in all that pieces and trying to dissect it where we present it in a consolidated form back to Gras Savoye. Bob just can't do that. 
Joshua Shanker: Okay, last question. If we multiply the 20 bps of interest savings and the $2.3 billion, is that the right base to get $4 million of annual interest savings pretax? 
Michael Neborak: Well I think -- I don't think you can get $4 million from where we are today. So for example, in the third quarter, we booked $30 million of interest expense. I think the number going forward is going to be closer to $31 million. There were some adjustments around the refinancing this quarter. The number had been about $32 million -- $32 million to $33 million earlier in the year. So I would look at $31 million, $31-plus million going forward. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. Maybe I missed something. What you said you're going to save 20 basis points on the change? Did I miss or get the wrong number? 
Michael Neborak: No, I said that we reduced the effective cost of the portfolio of debt that we have outstanding by about 20 basis points from the actions that we took to refinance all these notes that we tendered for. 
Robert Glasspiegel: So you're saving 20 basis points on $2.3 billion of debt, is that the right basis that we should apply the savings to? 
Michael Neborak: Yes, but then there's amortization. For example, all the costs that we had to set up the bank facility, the cost that we had in terms of the discount on the bonds for the underwriters and the other costs get capitalized and they'd get amortization against what I just described there. So you might see what you're -- the math that you're doing, you're not going to see it display that way on our financial statements. 
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. 
Dominic Casserley: Thank you very much, everybody, for your questions. We really appreciate them and your interest in Willis. And we look forward to talking to you again about the year end. Thanks very much.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Peter Poillon. You may begin. 
Peter Poillon: Thank you, and welcome to our earnings conference call, which is being hosted by Dominic Casserley, Chief Executive Officer of Willis Group Holdings. A webcast replay of the call, along with a slide presentation to which we'll be referring, can be accessed through our website. If you have any questions after the call, my direct line is 1 (212) 915-8084. 
 Please note that we may make certain statements relating to future results, which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated. These statements reflect our opinions only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update them in light of new information or future events. 
 Please refer to our SEC filings, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K to the year-ended December 31, 2012, and subsequent filings, as well as our earnings press release for a more detailed discussion of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website. 
 Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Welcome, and thank you for joining our quarterly conference call. By now, you've had a chance to read the news release that we put out last night and have a copy of our slides at the ready. 
 With me today are Michael Neborak, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Hearn, our Deputy CEO and Head of Willis Global; and Tim Wright, Head of Willis International. Also joining us today for the first time is Todd Jones, who recently took over from Vic Krauze, as CEO of Willis North America. 
 As you saw in our recent press release, Todd joined Willis 10 years ago and he and Vic have worked closely together for a number of years, with Todd most recently in the role of President of Willis North America and prior to that, as National Partner for the Northeast. I'm delighted that Todd and Vic will continue their partnership as they work to further strengthen and grow our North American business. 
 While I am on the topic of introducing new faces, I'm sure you also saw our release this week, following our Annual Shareholders' Meeting. We have 3 newly-elected board members: Paco Luzn, Jaymin Patel and Jeff Ubben. In addition, you will also have seen that on July 8, Jim McCann was appointed as Non-Executive Chairman. These are all highly talented individuals who bring broad expertise in global enterprise, finance, management, teamwork and innovation. I'm sure that their strong leadership and governance experience will help guide our business forward. 
 As usual, we will be happy to answer your questions after Mike and I offer our introductory remarks. 
 So let me turn to an overview of our results. We continue to make progress this quarter in growing our top line, delivering 6.3% organic growth. We are very happy with that. Importantly, this was the third consecutive quarter of solid organic growth in each of our segments: Willis North America, Willis International and Willis Global. 
 Global led the way, with 10.3% growth; with North America and International growing at 5.5% and 2.6%, respectively. My congratulations to Steve, Vic, Todd and Tim and their organizations for the continued progress we are seeing in building strong, sustainable revenue growth. 
 Now digging into the numbers of it. Our reported GAAP earnings were $0.59 per diluted share in the current quarter. Importantly, the current quarter had no adjusting items, so our reported and adjusted figures were the same. This compares to adjusted EPS of $0.59 in the year-ago quarter. 
 I would point out that this does not really give you the full picture of how we view the underlying improvement in EPS, as there were a few items that we highlighted in our press release, which distorted the year-over-year comparisons. Mike will walk you through those in more detail shortly. 
 So let's spend a few minutes looking at each of the businesses in some detail. I'll start with Willis North America. As I mentioned, North America achieved 5.5% organic growth in the quarter. In the year ago quarter, North America organic growth declined. So this is a good result that follows on the back of improving results in recent quarters. Importantly, growth in the quarter was largely driven by new business wins. While rate was generally positive, we estimated that it accounted for around 1.5% of our growth during the quarter. 
 North America's growth was well distributed geographically across all regions, an important result of the work that the North American team has done to strengthen our business. The Midwest, West and Metro regions led the way during this quarter. 
 Also important for the North American business are the 2 largest practices, Human Capital and Construction. Both performed well. Human Capital put up strong organic growth in the quarter, coming in at high single digits. With Human Capital making up more than 20% of our revenues in North America, that is an important and robust result. Construction, our second-largest practice, grew revenues by low double digits. We remain bullish on our Construction business, as activity is clearly stronger than in the year-ago period. We also saw good results in other industry practices, including Financial Services, Tech and Telecom and Mergers and Acquisitions. 
 Before moving on from North America, I want to thank, once again, Vic Krauze for the tremendous job he did in guiding our largest business through one of its most challenging periods, returning it to growth and improving profitability. I look forward to Vic's continued guidance and counsel in his role as the Chairman of Willis North America. 
 Let's now move to Willis International. Willis International grew by a modest 2.6% in the second quarter, which was below the level we have come to expect but was affected by some delayed revenues. This portfolio comprises a variety of businesses, including some underperformers, as well as real stars, operating in some of the most challenging as well as exciting markets. Now I don't want to steal Tim's thunder for the Investor Day, but he and his team are implementing a range of compelling strategies to maintain or improve on the performance we have previously seen from international. 
 Let me provide some detail of International's results for the quarter by region. Western Europe, despite generally weak economic conditions, reported a low single digit increase in revenue. This was led by strong performances in Sweden and Denmark on the back of new business wins, and modest but still positive low-single digit growth in Iberia and Italy. Offsetting this were declines in countries such as Germany, Ireland and the Netherlands. 
 In Eastern Europe, a growing market for us, we saw a double-digit growth, primarily driven by our performance in Russia. In the U.K., our business was down low-single digits in the quarter. However, we believe that the actions we have taken to build positive long-term growth in the U.K. are progressing well. 
 In Latin America, we saw another quarter of great results, with growth in the double digits. While the drivers of growth were different in each country, Brazil, Argentina and Peru were especially strong during the period. Additionally, our Venezuela operations had another very strong quarter. 
 In Asia, we were up mid-single digits, with double-digit growth in China, Indonesia, Malaysia and Taiwan. That growth was partially offset by declines in Korea and Hong Kong. 
 Finally, Australasia declined mid-single digits in the quarter, attributable to a decline in revenues in Australia. Uncertain economic conditions and upcoming elections, together with some delayed revenues had an effect on our results, but we believe that the improvement we had started to see over the last couple of quarters remains on track. 
 You could see from the description of this quarter's results that International is generally performing fine. What is driving the business' growth down has been the U.K. and much of Western Europe, both for obvious reasons. We are working diligently on strategies that will drive better results from those slower growth markets and remain confident that International will generate long-term growth in its historic 4% to 6% range. 
 Let's now move to Willis Global. Willis Global comprises Willis Re, Specialty, Placement and Willis Capital Markets and Advisory. Willis Global had a very strong quarter, with organic growth of 10.3%. Willis Re led the way, reporting growth in the mid-teens. In turn, Willis Re was led by North America reinsurance, once again driving growth with strong new business wins and solid retention. International and specialty reinsurance both grew solidly in the mid-single digit range. This was an impressive result, once again, for our reinsurance colleagues around the globe. 
 The Global Specialty businesses of Willis Global were up mid-single digits, delivering good growth from new business. Across the various specialty businesses, we experienced areas of over and underperformance as expected, but most notable was the strong performance delivered by our energy team during the quarter. 
 With that, I will turn it over to Mike to discuss the rest of the financial results. I'll return later with some final comments, before turning it over to you for questions. 
Michael Neborak: Thank you, Dominic, and good day, everyone. During my comments, I will be referring to the slide presentation that is posted on our website. In reviewing the numbers, all comparisons are to the second quarter 2012, unless otherwise stated. 
 As Dominic mentioned, we continue to deliver solid underlying results, driven by 6.3% organic commission and fee growth. The published numbers on Slide 3, however, show adjusted EPS of $0.59, flat to Q2 2012, and adjusted operating income of $171 million, down slightly from $174 million. This warrants some further discussion. In fact, the year-over-year comparison is much stronger after eliminating the unfavorable impact from 2 items. First, foreign exchange movements, which reduced operating income this quarter by $11 million. Second, the change in our remuneration policy from retention award amortization to bonus accrual, which distorts the prior-year comparison by $12 million. When you factor out those 2 items, you see a different picture, amounting to an adjusted operating income that increased by $20 million or 12%. 
 In analyzing our adjusted operating margin, you should understand that the quarter-over-quarter decline is more than offset by those 2 items, the change in our remuneration policy and unfavorable foreign exchange movements. When adjusted for these items, our adjusted operating margin actually increased by 110 basis points in contrast to the 150-basis point decline that is shown on Slide 3. I hope that explanation helps in clarifying questions about margin that may be on your mind. 
 Now in looking at our second quarter 2013 adjusted EPS of $0.59, please follow the progression that I'm about to lay out. Unfavorable foreign exchange decreased EPS by $0.05 and the lower tax rate in the quarter increased EPS by $0.03. As such, EPS for the second quarter 2013 on an underlying basis is $0.61. This compares to $0.54 in the second quarter 2012 after adjusting for the $0.05 impact from changing the remuneration policy. So taking all that into account, the way we look at it, this results in a $0.07 or 13% increase in adjusted EPS from $0.54 to $0.61. 
 Now let me explain our total expense growth in more detail on Slide 4. Underlying growth in total expenses was 7.0%. But we know that is an uneven comparison because of the change in remuneration policy that we made at the end of last year. 
 That discussion brings us to Slide 5, which summarizes the quarterly impact from changing that policy. As discussed in the previous quarter, our S&B expense for the full year 2012 actually would have been $48 million higher had we been accruing for annual cash bonuses throughout 2012, the way we are doing it now, instead of amortizing retention rewards. The second quarter impact from this change was $12 million. You can see that the quarterly impact is somewhat uneven, so we will continue to provide this slide each quarter through year end. It is important to remember this change had no impact on cash flow. 
 Now let me provide some details on the component pieces of our expense growth. Turning to Slide 6, please note the quarterly comparison of salaries and benefits. Underlying S&B expense increased 6.4%, and the main drivers of the increase were a combination of factors. First, increased headcount of approximately 450 people since July 1, 2012. Second, increased production incentive payments that resulted from higher commissions and fees generating -- generated thus far in 2013. And third, the year-over-year impact of annual salary increases. Favorable foreign exchange movements of $3 million partially offset these factors. 
 In addition to this comparison is the effect of changing the remuneration policy that I just described. So to cover this, please turn to Slide 7. 
 On Slide 7, S&B growth is laid out assuming that we had accrued bonuses throughout 2012, as we are doing today. This is to provide what I would call an apples-to-apples comparison. As you can see, on this comparable basis, underlying S&B growth was 3.9% or 250 basis points lower than the straight comparison. 
 Slide 8 shows the quarterly comparison of other operating expenses. On an adjusted basis, other operating expenses grew 10.4% in the quarter. 
 That was the summary of our reported and our underlying expenses. But as you saw in our press release, we commented on some items that flowed through both our salaries and benefits line and our other operating expense line this quarter. Our S&B expense this quarter benefited by $10 million of compensation-related accrual reversals. Conversely, our other operating expenses were hurt by $7 million of VAT-related expenses. So with all that laid out, to get to a true growth rate on our component expenses, you might want to adjust for those items that I just described. 
 Here's how that math works out. With all the adjustments made, S&B growth was 5.9% and other operating expense growth was 5.2%. I know I've thrown a lot of numbers at you, and I'll be happy to take further questions on them when Dominic concludes his remarks. But hopefully, this now gives you a better understanding of our expense growth. 
 Now moving to taxes. Similar to last quarter, the 21% tax rate in the quarter was primarily driven by the low tax charge against our U.S. income. As a reminder, our U.S. operations are in a cumulative 3-year loss position due to the goodwill impairment in a number of one-off charges recorded in 2011 and 2012. This requires us to maintain a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets, so that very little tax charge is booked against our U.S. income. We expect that this will be the case until our U.S. operations are beyond the cumulative 3-year loss position period, which is likely sometime in 2015. 
 Now let me comment on the associates line, which as you all know is primarily Gras Savoye. In the second quarter of 2013, this line showed a loss of $3 million, compared to a loss of $1 million in the year ago quarter. For the full year 2013, we continue to expect that the Associates line will come in lower than last year, as Gras Savoye completes its operational review. As such, at this time, we still expect the associates line to be a loss of $1 million to $3 million for the full year 2013. 
 Let me wrap up my comments with some thoughts on the balance sheet. We ended the second quarter with $503 million of cash. Total debt outstanding at June 30 was $2.3 billion, down slightly from year end. And during the quarter, we paid down the $55 million balance that was outstanding on our revolver at the end of the first quarter. Lastly, we just amended our credit facility. The key points on the amendment are: We pushed out the maturity date on our term loan and revolver to July 2018 from December 2016. And we also increased the size of our revolver from $500 million to $800 million, which simply provides us with more flexibility as we move forward. 
 With that, I'll turn the call back to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Thanks, Mike. To sum up, I am pleased, once again, with our top line growth. I feel that we are delivering on the initiatives that have been discussed over the past several quarters going back to late 2011. There are many things that affect our performance, pipeline development and management, producer growth and development and planned retention initiatives are all having the desired effect that we had anticipated and discussed with you in prior quarters. 
 We believe, however, that there is more work to do and more improvements to be made. Our goal is to be the best at what we do and to achieve that goal, we need to continually strengthen our already outstanding service and analytics to our clients to provide them with resilience for a risky world. 
 For those of you who have signed up to attend our Investor Day next Tuesday, July 30, or are planning to watch or listen to the webcast, I look forward to the discussion of our strategies on how we plan to serve our clients and thereby grow our business into the future. 
 Thank you. We will now be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Thomas Mitchell of Miller Tabak. 
Thomas Mitchell: I had one question about the North American business in that of course the comparison of 2012 to 2011 was down 3% for commissions and fees, so that 2013 is really up about a little over 2% from second quarter of 2011. I'm wondering if the underlying trends that you described, obviously, they're positive versus 2012. But on a continuing basis, is there something underneath that is keeping that business from returning to a more robust level? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, let me give a quick overview here of how we think about that, and then I'm going to hand it over to Todd Jones. I think we are very excited about the momentum we see in this business. We all know that this business suffered a period when we were losing some producers and business was actually shrinking. And so I think the correct momentum comparison is how we are seeing continued growth both in retentions, new business won and the producer, of course. And the forward momentum is extremely positive. But let me hand over to Todd to provide any color on that. 
Todd Jones: In terms of what we see going forward and obviously as you know we don't necessarily provide segment-related guidance, but the plan for us in North America is frankly to continue to build on those foundational elements that we've seen take hold over the course of the last 3 quarters, and we're confident that we can continue to refine and build on those elements to continue to drive good results. And we're obviously optimistic about not only the balance of the year, but as this business -- as we continue to move forward. 
Thomas Mitchell: Okay. And then is the process of delays and sort of questions in the Affordable Healthcare Act affecting your business one way or the other? 
Todd Jones: Yes, good question, and it's affecting it in a positive way. As you can imagine, this time extension gives us the opportunity to, frankly, provide more counsel and guidance to folks that are sort of struggling with how this is going to impact. As you probably saw, there was a bill that was introduced to delay it an additional year, so that just gives us even more time potentially to get out there, offer some solutions, talk about our tools and deliver the expertise that we bill to the client. So we think it's a positive thing. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes of SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: Just a follow-up on that question. How much of the growth you think is related to the, let's say, uncertainty caused by the healthcare -- just healthcare reform, in general? 
Todd Jones: This is Todd, that's a really hard one to answer. And I would literally be pulling a number out if I gave it to you. But clearly, it's created an opportunity for us, and we're confident it will continue to create an opportunity. But we're not necessarily capturing growth in that framework. 
Mark Hughes: Could you give a little more granularity on the rates and the P&C space, specifically in North America? How you saw 2Q as compared to Q1? And then how they might be trending just very recently? 
Dominic Casserley: So let me just start by reiterating what I'd said before, which is when people ask us about rate, I do like to remind them that we are affected by global rates. We are a global firm. And so rates, yes, in the North American P&C market are clearly important to us, but so are Brazilian facultative risk rates, so are rates in Western Europe, so are rates and what's happening in Asia. So that the -- when we think about rate, the diversity of what we do gives us quite a lot of softening of particular volatility in any one market. With that, let me have Todd address your specific question about North America. 
Todd Jones: Yes, so we definitely saw rates slower in Q2 than we did in Q1, with one exception related to worker's comp. And if you saw some of the material that we had put out in our Marketplace Realities for the balance of the year on some of the major lines, i.e., property, we're definitely showing a trend towards flattening to modestly down. Clearly, that's going to be dependent upon the season we're entering, as far as the storms. But we are definitely seeing a flattening to modestly trending down rate environment. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Farrell of Sterne Agee. 
Dan Farrell: Just a couple of questions. Firstly, you had a very strong result, I think, in the reinsurance brokerage, particularly given some of the comments we are hearing on market conditions. I was wondering if you could talk about and expand a little bit more on what's driving the strong organic? And then also how you think about sustainability there, as we go forward? 
Steven Hearn: It's Steven. Great question, thank you. Quickly, congratulations to our reinsurance team who did an outstanding job in the quarter. Across our reinsurance business, but as we've highlighted in our North American business, particularly, and I guess at the heart of your question is, was it timing? Is it sustainable? For a number of quarters, I've highlighted Willis Re very much as one of the jewels in Willis' crown. And actually what drove our number in Q2 and in North America was high new business performance and strong retention. New business in reinsurance, as I'm sure you know, has a long lead time. So in fact what you saw manifest in Q2 was actually work of last year, as well as earlier in this year, i.e., the award or the contract and when the money actually turns up being 2 different times. In terms of its sustainability, and there's been a lot of comment, particularly around new capital. And certainly, we have seen an impact on new capital in parts of the reinsurance book. Any new capital of any size is obviously going to have an impact on rate. At the moment, the impact is fairly concentrated to the property CAT world in North America. And again, this raises, I think, a really important point because new capacity and rate reduction doesn't necessarily correlate to reduced commission and fee income for a reinsurance broker. The standout business unit for Willis Re in Q2 was North America and North America is where the impact has been of this capacity. So that's a good illustration of that as fact. The client may well see reduced spend in terms of the rate impact. But for us, it's new earnings, new revenue, new business wins. So you've really got to analyze what's going on in a reinsurance broker's book to understand the rate impact. For us, good new business growth in Q2 and good, strong retention is what's driving those numbers. 
Dan Farrell: That's helpful. And then just one other question. You did have margin growth, if you make all of the adjustments in this quarter and last quarter. But with the strong organic, I would've thought that the margin could have been even better. Is there still some other stuff that is sort of holding back the operating leverage? And how do you think about margin trending going forward? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, we're going to talk about this a bit in the Investor Day. But I think our view is that we should be continuing to invest in our growth opportunities. And we did, in this period over the last 12 months, we've been looking to add people in our growth markets and, of course, we continue to invest in analytics. And so that there's a natural investment to drive growth in the top line. In parallel with that, of course, we continue to take a very tough look at lower growth areas and fixed cost areas to get more operating leverage and we remain committed to making sure that we have a positive gap between revenues and costs over the medium term. But we'll talk about this more in the Investor Day. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS. 
Brian Meredith: A couple of questions. The first one, I'm sorry if I missed this, if Todd, you said this. But on the Human Capital business growth, was there any impact year-over-year from the contingent commissions? 
Dominic Casserley: It was a very small impact. It was less than $1 million. 
Brian Meredith: Okay. When are we going to start seeing kind of the real impact of that? Because I know it was one of the changes that went on in that business. 
Todd Jones: Brian, I think the expectation is that's going to continue to ramp up during the course of the rest of this year and into the first quarter next year. And we'll start to see, as we get to more normalized state in second quarter and beyond next year, in terms of the impact of contingents on that Human Capital book. 
Brian Meredith: Great. And then back on the reinsurance book, just curious, was any of the growth bolstered by Willis Capital Markets? 
Dominic Casserley: It's not in our treaty operation. We don't add that number into Willis Re's results. Willis Capital Markets is a separate business. 
Brian Meredith: And how did that do during the quarter? 
Dominic Casserley: It did fine. It did grow, but modestly. 
Brian Meredith: Got you. And just lastly, on the reinsurance business, you've always been having a lot of success with new businesses, Dom. I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about why do you think you're winning on this new business? Is it coming from competitors? Is it new programs, stuff being put on? If you could kind of drill down a little bit on that, that would be great. 
Dominic Casserley: I would be delighted to, only too delighted to. And I apologize in advance for the advert -- for advertising, we're the best. No, but in all seriousness, we focused a lot of effort around our reinsurance business over the last couple of years, particularly investment in analytics and differentiating our analytics proposition from even our larger competitors in this space in terms of embedded analytics totally into our proposition, so our proposition clear to the client in terms of content and in terms of the analytics and transactional capability being brought together. We're very focused in terms of new business. We only go for business where we feel we can add significant value to the client and reject other opportunities. So we don't just respond to every RFP or tender opportunity that we're offered. We're very focused in that regard and we've been highly successful. We've won pretty much every opportunity we've turned our attention to during the course of last year and into this year as well. It's been very successful. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Klauber of William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: Just a clarification. Do alternative -- within the reinsurance, do alternative market transaction, in other words, if you help organize the CAT fund, does that fall on Reinsurance or Capital Markets? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, fundamentally, in to our Capital Markets business. It may be an opportunity as uncovered or discovered, I guess, by our reinsurance relationship with an organization. But, no, the transaction and execution is done by our Capital Markets business. 
Adam Klauber: Okay. Has there been reasonable growth in your fees related to those transactions? 
Dominic Casserley: I would say there's been more activity. As I said, our Capital Markets business revenue has grown in the quarter, albeit modestly. But there's certainly been more activity, yes. 
Adam Klauber: Okay, different topic. There's been a lot of talk about one of your competitors is doing a quarter-share-like transaction with Berkshire in London. Are you doing any type of similar structures? 
Steven Hearn: That probably falls to me, it's Steve, again. Yes and no would be the answer. One, we should say that what our competitor did with that particular capacity provider isn't perhaps as revolutionary as it's been heralded. There are similar arrangements. In fact, we operate one on our energy portfolio and have done so for a number of years. We are -- we have put together a proposition which we are marketing across the carrier community at the moment, seeking capacity to under the banner of Global 360. We think we've done it very differently than our competitors, in terms of canvassing widely to see which carriers offer best solution to our client, the client very much at the center of our discovery here of what's available. And we continue to consider propositions that had been put to us. But so the answer is yes, we are doing something. But is it a clone of something one of our competitors has done? Not at all. 
Adam Klauber: Okay, that's helpful. In Human Capital, obviously, nice quarter. Could you give us an idea how much of the growth has come from more traditional brokerage placement business versus HR consulting business or benefit consulting business? 
Todd Jones: Yes, it is -- most of the growth is the transactional business that we're seeing. So the traditional broking business, we are absolutely seeing an increase in activity on the consulting side. And as I think we mentioned earlier, just healthcare reform and some of the challenges in any organization on how to comply and what it means and goals and objectives, create benefit programs, create a lot of opportunity to discuss and sell solutions. But at the end of the day, majority of it was transactional. 
Adam Klauber: Okay, and is that being helped by increased rates in healthcare? Or is that more market share gains? 
Michael Neborak: I'd call market share gains. 
Adam Klauber: Okay. And then as far as the construction. Obviously, nicely that area grow. And I know you have a big practice there. Is that more smaller risks, or is that larger construction taken off? 
Michael Neborak: Yes, it's actually -- I'd say it's a little bit of both. Clearly, we're seeing an uptick in the project work, as financing continues to come back online. So we're definitely seeing some of the larger projects, but it really sort of cuts across the whole spectrum of opportunities. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi: Dominic, I think that last quarter, you implied that margin improvement in Global would be more kind of back-half-of-the-year loaded. It looks like it came in a bit earlier this time? And I was just curious was it may be less investments in the second quarter? Or was it just that revenues grew faster than you expected? Or can you just -- a little context on that? That would be great. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, I'll give a first perspective and then go back to Steve. I think we saw very strong revenue growth this quarter, which obviously had the resulting effect on -- close through to margin. And we were very pleased with that. But, Steve, do you want to add anything to that? 
Steven Hearn: Sure. Yes, we had -- clearly, we had very, very strong new business growth, as I've mentioned before, particularly in one area of our business, which had an effect on the overall result, clearly, as I said, our North American reinsurance business performed particularly well. And again, I think in the last quarter, we referred to the other part of Global, which drives some of the expense investments. So we have responsibility for running the regulated entity in the U.K., Willis Limited, and there are some increasing costs around U.K. regulation. And secondly, we have responsibility in Global for the placement activity for the entire organization in terms of our carrier management function. And by example, the investment in Will Place. And again, that drives some of the expense growth that you see in Global. But the business units themselves, the core bits of Willis Re, Specialty, Willis Capital Markets are showing generally good growth in revenue, relative to the growth in total operating expense. 
Michael Nannizzi: Great. So that's not -- the second quarter is not a pull-forward, if you will, of kind of the margin mix, okay. 
Steven Hearn: We're not benefiting from timing on either line, no. It's true result. 
Michael Nannizzi: Okay, great. And then, just one question back on Re. I guess it's great you're certainly winning new business. And retention, it sounds like it's very strong as well. I guess I'm just a little surprised that alternative capital either hasn't been maybe more disruptive or that hasn't been an area, a larger contributor of growth. I mean, maybe I think John had mentioned a pipeline and that it takes time for these transactions to move through. I mean, if we look at that pipeline from here, what do we see? And is there any color on the Capital Markets side, where maybe some of that activity might be on the come. 
Steven Hearn: Yes, I'll probably give 3 quick answers. One will be a little bit of repetition. For us, North America performed very strongly for us on reinsurance. We are a significant intermediary in Florida. And yet, Florida is where the impact of new capital is probably been felt the greatest in the reinsurance world. So, please, there isn't a correlation necessarily between rate and what a broker, reinsurance broker, will earn. Reason for us, particularly year-on-year, is we won a lot of new business from our competitors last year. It wasn't in our revenue last year, and it is in our revenue this year as a new business. The client's rate may have gone down. They might actually choose to buy more, but the rate has gone down. But that doesn't necessarily mean it reduces our earnings in that case because it's new business. It's 100% growth for us, if you like, at a client level. Secondly, longer-term prognosis in terms of capital -- new capital in the reinsurance world, if not the insurance world, is subject to lots of debate at the moment internally, externally, with clients, et cetera. And you'll hear very, very different views of how fickle, sustainable, that new capital may or may not be. My personal opinion is that it is a significant development and certainly has the potential to be significant. But that's not certainly a Willis comment. We have plenty of opportunity to earn, both from the arrival of this new capital in terms of advising our clients, as well as, frankly, given our relative market share and opportunity for us to develop conquest business from our competitors. So I don't see it as a threat for us. 
Michael Nannizzi: Got it. And last one, it just sounds like you're growing your share of a shrinking pie, if the pie is shrinking because the alternative capital stuff is coming in -- would come in to you through a different part of your business. So I guess that would -- it would sound like even more pronounced in terms of your taking market share from Pierce. Does that make sense or is that's not right? 
Steven Hearn: Yes, sort of. It does, it does make sense. The real thing that's driving our reinsurance business at the moment is retention of existing clients and acquisition or conquest business from our competitors. Traditional reinsurance business that we are winning from our competitors. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Cohen of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Cohen: I guess, for Mike, the tax rate. Obviously, first half was relatively low and you talk about, I guess, using some of the deferred tax asset. Can you -- given that situation, can you give us some guidance what the tax rate should look like in the second half and in 2014? 
Michael Neborak: Okay, so Jay, so it's rather complicated. And I say that because it has -- it's very sensitive to where that income comes in geographically. So, for example, here in the second quarter, I think at the end of the first quarter, I had mentioned that our tax rate in the Q2, 3 and 4 would be somewhere between 22% and 26% each of those quarters. And we came in here in the second quarter at rounded up to 21%. So I was a little bit low and off that range, principally because more income came in, in North America than what we had budgeted for. So the sensitivity of the situation is that it's a little bit perverse. The more income we have in North America, the lower our tax rate is going to be overall because that income is not getting a tax rate against it. So what I would tell you is that for the full year, I believe the full year rate will come in somewhere between 22% and 24%. Obviously, if we booked a tax rate of 19% in the first quarter and 21% in the second quarter, it's going to be higher in Q3 and Q4. I'd like to just characterize it as 22% to 24% for the whole year. Q3 is very difficult because it's our smallest net income quarter, so it's really sensitive to where the changes might be in the geographic distribution of that income. 
Jay Cohen: What about for next year at this point? I mean, it should still be, I would assume, aided by your tax situation. 
Michael Neborak: Next year is going to be similar, at least as we see right now to our situation here in 2013 because we'll still be within this 3-year loss period, if you will. So, therefore, more or less not permitted under GAAP to book a tax provision against our North America profits. 
Jay Cohen: So somewhere in 22% and 24% for next year as well? 
Michael Neborak: I'm sorry, Jay? 
Catherine Seifert: I'm sorry, somewhere between 22% and 24% for 2014, as well? 
Michael Neborak: Yes. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields of KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Can you -- this is just for -- a few modeling questions. The VAT charge and the accrual reversal, what segment were those? Where did they hit? 
Michael Neborak: So the VAT charge, about $5 million was in International and $2 million within our Global segment. So that's the $7 million. And then the accrual reverse basically was $5 million positive in Global, $3 million in International and $2 million in North America. 
Meyer Shields: Okay, that's very helpful. I think Dominic had mentioned 450 people added since the end of June or end of July of last year. Can you give us a sense of the timing of that so we can sort of expect it in expense growth? 
Michael Neborak: So 450 people. Just to give you -- so most of those happened in the third and fourth quarter of 2012 on a net basis. Here in 2013, I think we've added 80 people. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. And Dominic also mentioned delayed revenue to the International segment. Is that something that we should anticipate coming back in the third quarter? 
Michael Neborak: I think what Dominic meant delayed revenue meaning deals that got delayed, pushed into the third quarter, which kind of -- is an ongoing occurrence each quarter. So I think our third quarter -- I don't think you should look at our third quarter as being impacted by that comment. It's going to happen kind of -- and not be impacted very substantially by that at all. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. And do the modified credit facilities have any impact on the run rate for interest expense? 
Michael Neborak: No. They were all renewed at the same LIBOR plus 150 basis points that we currently pay. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Gelb of Barclays. 
Jay Gelb: Sorry, I wanted to touch base on the pretax adjusted margin. I know there were a bunch of onetime items in 2Q, and I'm just trying to get a sense, compared to the second half of 2012, is there anything to prevent that pretax adjusted margin improving, relative to the as-stated numbers from back half of '12? I just want to get a sense if there -- or any other anticipated onetime items. 
Michael Neborak: Well there's no anticipated onetime items in Q3 and Q4 coming up. I have to recall what happened in Q3 and Q4 last year. Maybe we can handle that off-line because I just don't recall what was there, but we certainly can go back and find that out for you. 
Jay Gelb: Okay. And then, I guess, more importantly, directionally, when you talk about the underlying perspective in 2Q, obviously you're showing 110 basis points of margin improvement year-over-year, but for a couple items. I mean, is there anything that prevent that from not showing up in the back half, in terms of dated margin improvement? 
Michael Neborak: We have to grow our revenues, like we grew our revenues here in the second quarter. And as Dominic mentioned, we continue to invest quite a bit in our growth markets and, at the same time, we're looking hard at reducing the cost in our lower growth markets. 
Dominic Casserley: I think we'll talk about this more at the Investor Day. 
Jay Gelb: Great. And then has there been -- given any thoughts to resuming share buybacks, since there hasn't been any for the past 3 quarters? 
Michael Neborak: Well, right now we have no plans to do share buyback, but we're going to talk about the topic of capital allocation very, very specifically at Investor Day on Tuesday. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Huff of Stephens Inc. 
Brett Huff: Two quick ones. You had talked a little bit about rates in North America and you'd kind of gone through some of the different major categories, and I only caught part of that. Could you -- I know you mentioned property, specifically, that you are seeing that might soften. Can you just go through those major categories that you outlined, again, for me? 
Michael Neborak: Yes, so I'll bucket it in just 3 areas: property, casualty and then financial lines, which we track as well. So in the property market, we see for the balance of year sort of a flattening to a modestly downward trend. In the casualty market, call it flattening to still modestly up, and a lot of that is going to depend upon jurisdiction, obviously, but not the same kind of trend we're seeing in property. And in financial lines, similar as to what I said in property, sort of flat to modestly down. 
Brett Huff: And the drivers of that, is this just an excess capital question? Is it, maybe, underwriters not being as disciplined? Sort of what's the driver of those? 
Michael Neborak: Well, I won't call it lack of underwriting discipline. But I'll -- definitely excess capital. Certainly, performance of the underlying portfolios within the various underwriters. And, frankly, the lack of catastrophes that we've seen in some of those areas as well. So all of those things kind of combined to create an environment depending -- again, depending largely on the product and the geography that you're operating in. 
Brett Huff: Great, that's helpful. And then one final question, too. I think you talked about construction as being particularly strong or a highlight in, I think it was North America. Can you just comment on that? It sounds like it's up year-over-year. But any particular color you can give us on that will be helpful. 
Todd Jones: Sure. This is Todd again. Construction had a terrific quarter and I, too, would like to offer my congratulations to my colleagues in that business. And it wasn't in one specific area. We saw it across all of our geographies, both in terms of size, of projects, sort of large and small. So it was really a balanced recovery, one I think aided by an improving finance market and some of these deals getting funded, but also the fact that we just had a very large and differentiated construction business across North America. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mike Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi: Yes, just one quick follow-up. On the financing, Mike, or actions, I guess, in terms of kind of delaying the maturity age of the revolver in the credit facility. Anything coincident about that in the option date of the Gras Savoye transaction. 
Michael Neborak: Well, I think we look at that, as well as a lot of other opportunities that may come to be in the market. And so we had the opportunity to extend it out and to increase the size of the revolver, which just gives us a lot more financial flexibility. So we took the opportunity that was presented to give us more financial flexibility, which may be helpful in Gras Savoye, might not, depending on what we decide to do about the option, and then just in a normal course of operating our business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. 
Joshua Shanker: I just wanted to go over the headcount a little bit more. You said you added, I guess, 80 people since the beginning of the year. I wondered if you could talk about what the gross adds were? The people you added, whether they were client-facing or not, and where you've been growing? 
Dominic Casserley: Generally -- it's Dominic here. We've been adding people in line with our strategy. So we're, obviously, adding people in where we see revenue growing opportunities. So in the growth markets, in Tim Wright's world of International. And we definitely added some people in Steve's world of Global and there had been some public announcements about that, about some people that had been added in that world. And Todd had -- continues to have year-on-year growth in the producer model. So when you added all that up, you see growth. At the same time as we grow the business, you have to moderately continue to grow the fixed infrastructure, compliance, audit, et cetera, take account of more activity. 
Joshua Shanker: To what extent -- have the new hires brought in new business at this point in time? And that's fueling some growth made particularly on the reinsurance side? 
Dominic Casserley: Steve? 
Steven Hearn: I probably think -- 2 comments, one to just elaborate on something Dominic said. But, yes, I can pick up the Re one, as well. In the Global number, will be headcount that came to us through an acquisition in London, which is of Prime Professions, which was an acquisition for us that I think brought in about 45 people. So you'll see that in Global. And then as Dominic says, we continue to invest in high-growth, high-margin operations. That includes our Reinsurance business, and we have hired some people in there and absolutely focused on production and client service and analytics, absolutely. This isn't about filling out back-office positions. It's very much about client-facing and dividend. 
Joshua Shanker: And to the extent that reinsurance growth related to new hires? 
Steven Hearn: No, you won't. As I said earlier, the key driver of revenue in Q2 was new business we won last year and business that we or on RFP tend to response, et cetera, last year. So it was existing resource. But, absolutely, as we bring in production staff into reinsurance, hopefully you'll see that recognized in successful growth going forward, for sure. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields, KBW. 
Meyer Shields: Just one that I missed. The corporate and other expense line was, I guess, lower than it had been for a while, $19 million. Is that a good run rate going forward? 
Michael Neborak: That's a good number. It's usually around somewhere between $20 million and $25 million. Sometimes as low as $15 million. But $19 million is a good number. It jumps around a lot because we have, obviously , items in there that are related to certain foreign exchange hit record in to corporate, balance sheet foreign exchange typically gets recorded in to corporate, so it does jump around. I mean, things like the amortization of our intangibles, which we keep are steady. But then there are items that create a little bit of volatility, like some of the foreign exchange that ends up being booked there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Thomas Mitchell of Miller Tabak. 
Thomas Mitchell: This is just a short follow-up. On the reinsurance business, we've heard that there seems to be a trend. Maybe it's a relatively long-term trend for primary insurers to gradually become increasingly sophisticated in their decisions on whether they're going to buy reinsurance or keep business, and where they -- slicing and dicing it by lines and by tranches. I'm wondering if that feeds into your strength or even if you agree that, that is a trend? I'm just interested in your comments. 
Steven Hearn: So yes, the trend is absolutely right. It's developed over a number of years, the client, in effect, becoming more sophisticated, their needs and understanding becoming more sophisticated. And this is really where analytics has come to its fore, being able to, as you describe it, slice and dice a portfolio to optimize the reinsurance spend in terms of where the premium's going to and what they're shifting from their own balance sheet into the reinsurance community, absolutely is becoming increasingly sophisticated. That plays to the intermediary who best deploys analytic capability to their client base. And I think we do that exceptionally well. And certainly in any research that we've done blindly on the reinsurance buyer's perspective on Willis Re, the feedback is generally, if not always, that we have a very, very strong analytics proposition, as well as very strong broking talent in terms of execution. So as the client becomes more sophisticated in their needs, we've been able to deliver upon those needs. And I would attribute a lot of the recent success to being very good at it. 
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, thank you, all, very much for your attention. And we look forward to seeing those of you who are able to join us on Tuesday at our investor conference in New York. Thank you very much. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-01 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Peter Poillon, Director, Investor Relations. You may begin. 
Peter Poillon: Thank you, and welcome to our earnings conference call, which is being hosted by Dominic Casserley, Chief Executive Officer of Willis Group Holdings. A webcast replay of the call, along with a slide presentation to which we'll be referring can be accessed through our website. If you have any questions after the call, my direct line is 1 (212) 915-8084.
 Please note that we may make certain statements relating to future results, which are forward-looking statements and that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated. These statements reflect our opinions only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update them in light of new information or future events. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year-ended December 31, 2012, and subsequent filings, as well as our earnings press release for a more detailed discussion of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website.
 Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release.
 I'll now turn the call over to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Welcome, and thank you for joining our quarterly conference call. By now you've had a chance to read the news release that we put out last night and have a copy of our slides at the ready.
 With me today are Michael Neborak, Chief Financial Officer; Steve Hearn, our deputy CEO and Head of Willis Global; Vic Krauze, Head of Willis North America; and Tim Wright, Head of Willis International. We will all be happy to answer your questions after Mike and I offer our introductory remarks.
 I'm now about 4 months into my new role, and I've had a chance to move throughout the company, working closely with our global leaders in London and also spending time in our key businesses in Europe, Asia, North America and Latin America. In fact, as soon as this call concludes, Vic and I will be heading to California to meet our top North American producers and visit a number of our offices in the Western region of the country.
 From Willis Global to Willis International to Willis North America and finding, among our people, even more confidence, commitment and optimism and a lot of great ideas that will propel Willis to the next level in the years ahead.
 So with that, let me turn to an overview of our results. Focusing on the top line, I'm pleased that we started the year with well-balanced organic growth of 4.1%, with each of our segments, North America, International and Global, achieving organic growth within 50 basis points of each other. North America led the way with 4.3% growth, with International and Global growing at 3.8% and 4.1%, respectively. My congratulations to Vic, Tim and Steve and their entire teams for continuing to build on the progress that was evident in the fourth quarter.
 Now digging into the numbers a bit. Our reported earnings of $1.24 per diluted share in the current quarter include the impact from the $46 million or $0.22 per share expense reduction initiative charge that we announced on our call in February. This action, which was completed in the quarter, will drive expense savings that Michael will discuss later in the call. So if you account for the impact of the charge, our adjusted earnings per diluted share for the first quarter were $1.46. That is up $0.14 or 10.6% compared to $1.32 in the first quarter of 2012. And just to make sure you're taking in the full picture, that first quarter 2012 EPS number does not reflect the negative $0.01 impact on earnings from changing our remuneration policy, as we outlined on our call in February. In addition, you should also understand that approximately $0.10 of the EPS improvement results from a lower tax rate in the current period relative to last year. Mike will also cover our tax rate in a few minutes.
 With those group-wide numbers as context, let's spend a few minutes looking at each of the segments in some detail. First, let's have a look at Willis North America. As I mentioned, North America achieved 4.3% organic growth in the quarter. In the year-ago quarter, North America organic growth declined. So this is a good result that follows on the back of a strong fourth quarter result. North America's growth was, again, well distributed geographically across the regions, a testament to the work that Vic and all of his national partners and their teams are doing to strengthen our business. The metro region, which covers the Northeast United States, and the Atlantic region led the way during this quarter.
 In looking at our practices, Human Capital put up a strong organic growth number in the quarter, coming in at mid-single digits. With Human Capital making up more than 20% of our revenues in North America, that is an important and robust result.
 Taking a look at construction, our second largest industry practice, our revenues grew by low-single digits. This aligns with views from the construction industry as a whole that construction spending in the U.S. is on the rise. We remain bullish on our construction business, as activity is clearly stronger than the year-ago period.
 Rates during the quarter were generally positive, and we estimate that it accounted for a little over 1% of our growth during the quarter. For those interested, we recently published our Marketplace Realities report that discusses our detailed view of North American market rates. The report is available on our website.
 In concluding these comments on North America, I think that with 2 consecutive quarters of positive growth, we are no longer looking back at the issues we have highlighted in past years and have set our sights ahead, ready for the challenges, certainly, but excited about the opportunities.
 Let's now move to Willis International. Willis International's organic revenue grew a solid 3.8% in the first quarter. With a number of promotions and key hires that you may have read about in recent news releases from Willis International, Tim Wright has filled out his leadership ranks across the globe. This strong team and these steady results for Tim's segment in the first quarter are welcome as we face very uneven economic conditions across the many parts of the world that we serve and especially given the weak environment across most of the Eurozone.
 Let me provide a little detail of International's results by region. Western Europe, a region that for Willis has had a very consistent record of growth in the face of generally weak economic conditions, reported a low single-digit decline in revenue. Weakness in the Nordics, after a strong fourth quarter, and flat results in Germany were partially offset by Switzerland, which was up double digits, and Iberia, up mid-single digits. Additionally, a few other important Eurozone countries, such as Italy and the Netherlands, managed low single-digit growth in the period.
 In Eastern Europe, a growing market for us, we saw mid-single-digit growth primarily driven by Russia. In the U.K., our business achieved low single-digit growth in the quarter. This is a steady result locking the third consecutive quarter of growth in a difficult environment.
 In Latin America, we continue to see great results, with growth in double digits. Brazil and Argentina were especially strong during the period. Despite a backdrop of political transition and significant economic challenges, our Venezuela operations were also very strong.
 In Asia, we were up double digits with Korea, Hong Kong and Indonesia all delivering strong double-digit growth, while China grew low-single digits. We remain very excited about our China business with its strong leadership, industry-leading footprint, substantial market growth potential and strong pipelines in place.
 Finally, Australasia, which had a difficult year in 2012, bounced back in the first quarter, as Australia delivered high single-digit growth. I believe Australia has great promise as a growth market to Willis, and I am very pleased with its performance for the quarter.
 Let's now move to Willis Global. Willis Global comprises Willis Re, Specialty, Placement and Willis Capital Markets & Advisory. Those of you who have listened to our calls in the past will notice that we have now implemented the simplest structure for Willis Global that Steve Hearn had laid out on our second quarter call last year. Under this new structure, we have combined a number of our divisions into larger P&Ls under a smaller number of management teams. This structure is bringing our highly successful global businesses closer together and enabling them to work more closely with colleagues in Willis North America and Willis International.
 Willis Global had a strong solid quarter, with organic growth of 4.1%. The reinsurance business grew mid-single digits in its seasonally largest quarter, with North America reinsurance reporting even stronger results. It was up double digits on the back of strong new business wins. International reinsurance grew mid-single digits, while Specialty Reinsurance was flat in the quarter.
 Willis Re found rates during the quarter to be broadly flat. Once again, Peter Hearn and John Cavanagh, respectively, our Chairman and CEO of Willis Re, published Willis Re's closely watched 1st View report on April 1. In that report, available on our website, you will find detailed information on our view of reinsurance rates by region and product.
 The Global Specialty businesses of Willis Global were up low-single digits, delivering good growth from new business. Faber Global had a strong quarter, recording mid-teen growth driven by new business. The Marine and Energy units grew mid-single digits, driven by strong growth in Energy. Offsetting this was weakness in the FINEX and Aerospace units.
 With that, I will turn it over to Mike to discuss the rest of the financial results. I will return later with some final comments before turning it over to you for questions. 
Michael Neborak: Thank you, Dominic, and good day, everyone. During my comments, I will be referring to the slide presentation that is posted on our website. In reviewing the numbers, all comparisons are to Q1 2012 unless otherwise stated.
 So turning to Slide 3. Reported EPS this quarter was $1.24 versus $1.28. That reported EPS number becomes $1.46 after adjusting out the $46 million charge we recorded to reduce our cost base. Since the $1.46 includes $0.10 from a lower tax rate and $0.01 of favorable foreign exchange, we consider the underlying result to be $1.35, which compares to $1.32 last year.
 The 19% tax rate in the quarter was driven by very low tax charge against U.S. income. As a reminder, our U.S. operations are in a cumulative 3-year loss position due to the goodwill impairment and a number of one-off charges recorded in 2011 and 2012. This requires us to maintain a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets so that very little tax charge is booked against our U.S. income. We expect that this will be the case until our U.S. operations are beyond the cumulative 3-year loss position period, which is likely at the end of 2014 or early 2015.
 The full year tax rate is expected to be 22%, so the tax rate for quarters 2, 3 and 4 should range between 22% and 26%. The quarterly tax rate is impacted by a number of factors, including the proportion of U.S. income to total income. During the time we remain in a cumulative 3-year loss position, higher percentages of U.S. income produced a lower tax rate.
 For example, in the first quarter, the proportion of U.S. income to total income is higher than the remaining 3 quarters of the year largely due to the North American reinsurance business. Therefore, the 19% tax rate is comparatively low versus what we expect to report in the remaining quarters. Again, the full year tax rate is expected to be approximately 22%.
 As Dominic mentioned earlier, we delivered 4.1% organic commission and fee growth, which was broad based across our 3 segments. The adjusted operating margin declined 90 basis points driven by 5.1% adjusted expense growth, which is shown on Slide 4.
 Excluding the favorable impact of year-over-year foreign exchange movements, underlying expense growth was 5.6%. You should note that Q1 2012 numbers are based on our old remuneration policy. If our new remuneration policy had been in effect during that period, the $1.32 adjusted EPS figure from last year would have been $1.31. The 5.6% underlying expense growth would have been 4.9%, and the 90 basis points of margin contraction would have been 50 basis points. The impact of this change in remuneration policy becomes more pronounced in quarters 2, 3 and 4. Slide 5 summarizes the quarterly information we provided on our last earnings call.
 To reiterate, our S&B expense in 2012 would have been $48 million higher had we been accruing for annual cash bonuses throughout 2012 instead of amortizing retention awards. And let me remind you that this change in remuneration policy had no impact on cash flow.
 On Slide 6, note that adjusted S&B grew 6.5% and underlying S&B, which excludes the year-over-year benefit from foreign exchange movements, increased 6.9%. The main drivers were an increase of approximately 500 full-time equivalent employees during the last 12 months and the year-over-year impact of annual salary increases. But again, this growth is overstated because of the change in remuneration policy.
 The purpose of Slide 7 is to highlight S&B growth assuming that we accrued bonuses throughout 2012. On a comparable basis, underlying S&B growth was 6.1% or 80 basis points lower than the straight comparison.
 Slide 8 shows that the underlying growth in other operating expenses was 1.4%, reflecting our focus on controlling these costs. As I mentioned earlier, we excluded from adjusted earnings a $46 million charge that was aimed at reducing our cost base in the future. We announced this charge last quarter.
 Slide 9 summarizes the charge. To be specific, we eliminated 207 full-time positions, resulting in a $29 million charge included in salaries and benefits. In addition, property and systems rationalization costs impacted other operating expenses by $12 million. Lastly, we incurred $5 million of depreciation expense related to fixed asset write-offs.
 While the total amount of the charge was slightly above the high end of our previously announced $35 million to $45 million range, there will be no further expenses related to this action in 2013. We expect the charge to generate savings of approximately $20 million in 2013 beginning in the second quarter. On an annualized basis, savings are expected to be in the range of $25 million to $30 million. Around 3/4 of the savings are expected to be S&B related.
 Now let me comment on the Associates line, which is primarily Gras Savoye. The first quarter is the strongest for the Associates line, which contributed $15 million this quarter, unchanged from last year. However, for the full year 2013, we continue to expect that the Associates line will come in lower than last year as Gras Savoye completes its operational review. As such, at this time, we still expect the Associates line to be a loss of $1 million to $3 million for the full year 2013, with the losses more weighted to the second half of the year.
 Let me wrap up with the balance sheet. We ended the first quarter with $531 million of cash, up $31 million from year end. Total debt outstanding at March 31 was $2.4 billion, up slightly from year end as well. As we do each year in the first quarter, we drew down our revolver to pay prior year incentive compensation. The drawdown in the first quarter amounted to $55 million, which compares to $85 million last year.
 With that, I'll turn the call back to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Thanks, Mike. Before we take your questions, I'll conclude our preliminary remarks by saying this. To sum up, I am pleased that our results were very well balanced and solid across all 3 of our business units. At the end of the day, growing our business depends delighting the clients we have, working on their behalf everyday to provide them with resilience for a risky world and winning new clients based on the outstanding service we offer. In addition to the underground engagement with our leaders and colleagues around the world that I talked about a few minutes ago, I've also spent as much time as possible talking directly to our clients and insurance carriers with whom we work and welcoming their feedback.
 All in all, I continue to be impressed with the quality of the global teams and the depth of service that we, as an organization, provide to our clients of every size and type in every geography. And that's just not my opinion. I've heard it expressed in so many meetings with our constituents, those we serve. But we can always do better. It is our intention to continue to improve on that client service, and doing so will only result in greater client loyalty, more new business wins, increased revenues and ultimately, expanded shareholder value.
 With that in mind, as we continue to review and analyze all aspects of our operations around the world, we will be making changes, investing in markets and/or products that we believe will provide the best growth and value opportunities. We look forward to laying out many of these initiatives and strategies at our Investor Day in New York City on the afternoon of July 30.
 Thank you. We will now be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jay Gelb of Barclays. 
Jay Gelb: The overall organic revenue growth of 4%, as we expected, that slowed from the sort of outsized growth we saw in fourth quarter of 2012. It would be helpful if we can get a sense of where you see the glide path of that heading forward, reflecting the rate environment, the economy and that new business growth. 
Dominic Casserley: Okay. As you know, we don't give guidance, but we remain optimistic and working with Vic and Tim and Steve. We are very, very much focused on serving our clients as effectively as we can and introducing new initiatives to meet their needs. So we remain optimistic for the outlook, but as you know, we don't give a specific guidance on our major P&L items. 
Jay Gelb: All right. And then switching gears to Gras Savoye, the option to assume the full control of Gras Savoye was extended by a year. Can you talk about what drove that decision and perhaps, ultimately, what that means for the ownership? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. This was pretty straightforward. We've been in dialogue with Gras Savoye for a while. As you know, conditions in the Eurozone have been interesting, and Gras Savoye is going through a restructuring, which Mike talked about and he -- we -- that's going to take place through most of 2013 and into bits of 2014. And in order that we inherit Gras Savoye, which is firing on all cylinders and to give us all full time to make sure that we are fully able to integrate and build all of the synergies that we want to build between Willis and Gras Savoye, given the present environment, we all make -- thought that it made sense to push the option back a year. It has no implications for our intentions. We continue to be very excited about Gras Savoye. It will give us a leadership position in a major market in Europe and of course, very interesting positions in Africa and the Middle East and Asia. So we are very excited about the opportunity and very excited about working closer and closer with Gras Savoye. However, as with any acquisition, when the time comes, we are going to look very closely not only at the strategic fit, which I just described, but also to make sure that the numbers make sense for the firm and our shareholders. And so that's the context of that decision. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Locraft of Morgan Stanley. 
Gregory Locraft: Just wanted to actually go -- get some color on the operating margin. 2 of the 3 segments actually, even with that S&B drag that you highlighted, actually showed year-over-year improvement. The one segment, Global, showed year-over-year declines. How do you think about sort of the operating margin by segment? How should we be thinking about Global going forward? And is the S&B impact really, from the change in the compensation, really centered in this Global segment? 
Dominic Casserley: Let me just give an overview, and then I'm going to hand over to Steve Hearn to talk specifically about Global. Obviously, we -- our objective is to grow our revenues faster than we grow our expenses, hardly a great insight, and we are very focused on that, and that's the way we are going to deliver ongoing shareholder value to our investors. And in that context, you saw what we did with our charge in the first quarter, but I would say that we are going to continue to invest in our growth businesses. And we do expect -- and you should expect us to continue to try and expand the business and grow where we see growth opportunities. But at the same time, the solution here will always be to grow our revenues faster than our costs. Now referring to specifically to Global in the first quarter, let me turn over to Steve. 
Steven Hearn: Thanks, Dominic. Thanks, Greg. Firstly, just to explain, the revenues in the core constituent parts of Global are growing faster than their expenses. So our reinsurance business and our reinsurance Specialty businesses, their revenue is growing faster than the expense. We are, as Dominic said, investing is those high-growth areas of our business, high-growth, high-margin areas of our business. Global also includes Placement, the Placement infrastructure on behalf of the organization, in totality, Willis Group analytics and corporate analytics, specifically, and Willis Limited, our regulated entity in the U.K. In the case of Placement and analytics, we've increased our investments year-over-year in technology and in people as strategic investments as we focus more closely on our Placement strategy, particularly executing Will Place, which we've talked about on calls previously. And the emergence of, as I've described it, the analytical broker as the corporate buyer is looking for more than just a risk transfer, insurance transaction, but looking for more consultative advice. We've invested in people in that area of our business. And finally, running a regulated entity anywhere in the world, particularly in the U.K., costs money. And there, we're investing in compliance, audit, legal, those types of areas in terms of supporting the development of that business. I'd tell you we're budgeted as a total in Global to expand our revenues at a faster rate than our expenses, per Dominic's introduction, and we continue to believe that's what we'll achieve for the year. That's our ambition. 
Michael Neborak: Greg, one other item I would just point out, on Slide 5, a majority of that difference in the first quarter that's shown to be 4 is in the Global unit. So that also is distorting the expense growth a little bit above what Steve just described. 
Gregory Locraft: Okay. That's great color, and I guess, if I could -- sort of reading between the lines, it sounds like the margin trajectory from a year-over-year improvement perspective in Global in particular is back-end loaded. 
Dominic Casserley: I think you could assume that from what we've said, yes. 
Gregory Locraft: Yes, okay. Perfect. Just shifting gears entirely, you mentioned pricing in reinsurance is flat. Pricing in North America is up 1. Can you give us some color on the international markets in terms of pricing? 
Dominic Casserley: I'll -- we'll give you some sense, of course. As your question points out, and I'm glad you phrased it that way, the very high-level headlines you hear about pricing in the markets hide enormous detail underneath, and you see these headlines about rates are firming in North America, whatever, and then you find the details are very different. So Tim has the difficult task here of trying to give a sense of what rates are doing across 3 quarters of the globe. But Tim, over to you with that task. 
Timothy Wright: Yes, thank you, Dominic. Greg, the overall picture for International is modest rate improvement overall, but that disguises a considerable variation from country to country. We see rate increases in the places you would expect to see rate increases, where we have catastrophic exposure and claims experience, which Steve can elaborate on from a reinsurance perspective, but those will be places like Australia and parts of Asia like Thailand. So it's very much a mixed picture country by country, but I'm glad to say, whereas in the past, we would have said, overall, we are having a headwind from rates in International, we are seeing them being either neutral or modestly positive. Steve? 
Steven Hearn: Yes, thanks, Tim. I mean, I think, I agree with both what Dominic and Tim said. I mean, rates are all over the place at a global level, and I've given up giving blanket answers, such as they're up x percent, down x percent, because it's just meaningless. You need to look, as Dominic said in his opening remarks, at the region, the specialty, the product line to get precise answers in terms of what's going on. What is interesting, we're seeing anyway, is the disconnection at the moment between reinsurance rates and primary rates. And again, we'll refer you to our website in terms of 1st View and what we came out with on the 1st of April in terms of reinsurance rates and likewise, as Dominic said, the Willis North America primary rates and what's going on there, which, again, which we have information on the website. The U.S. reinsurance renewal period, I think, is going to be very interesting, and we'll be watching what goes on there in terms of any rating indicators. But it's a very, very complicated world that we operate in at the moment, but at least, I think I would agree with Tim. We're not talking down everywhere and giving those sorts of blanket answers. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi: I guess just to drill down a bit on the Gras Savoye deferral, so how should we think about that extra year? Is it the context of providing more time to generate cash for the eventual purchase? Or is it more time to invest for growth to generate leverageable operating income growth? And also, if the extra year allows for Gras Savoye to improve its own operations, does the formula to calculate the purchase price result in a higher number? And just one follow-up. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, I think I'll just sort of reiterate what I said the first time. The extra year makes sense on both sides because of the specific circumstances that are all too well publicized, what's going on in the Eurozone and in France. And the actions that Gras Savoye is taking, very sensible actions Gras Savoye is taking to get the business ready for further growth going forward, which is taking place, as I said, a lot of the action, in 2013, which explains why our Associates line will be trending the way that Mike described earlier on the call. Given that, we thought it made sense, if we want to take on Gras Savoye, we want to make sure Gras Savoye is a healthy, growing company, has a proven track record of performance in a new structure, a new environment and that we have as much time as possible to build up the synergies between the 2 businesses. So as we looked at what was taking place in 2013 and the immediate outlook in the Eurozone, we just felt more comfortable pushing out the option 1 year. The terms of our contract with them and our negotiation with them are confidential, but I can assure you we obviously took full account of what might happen in terms of their performance to make sure we controlled anything we paid for the business. 
Michael Nannizzi: Okay. So it's not fair to assume then, if Gras Savoye makes more money that the formulas will render a higher purchase price. That's not a good conclusion then. 
Dominic Casserley: The terms are confidential. What I can absolutely assure you is we were very attuned during the course of the discussions, both the original discussions and these new discussions, to make sure that anything we paid reflected the true value of the business going forward. 
Michael Nannizzi: And then can you talk about any -- the underlying trends that contributed to growth in Human Capital? Just what were the -- any color on incremental drivers or the granular drivers would be helpful. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, let me turn over to Vic to get a sense of what was -- what were the underlying drivers there. 
Victor Krauze: Thank you, Dominic. Actually, I think the Human Capital business results were reflective the investment that we actually made in 2012. As you may recall, we spent a fair amount of money hiring what we would call regional wellness teams as part of our value proposition for the businesses we serve. And we started seeing results from that. So one of the questions that I saw come up was, is this reflective solely of our decision to take MDI in that space and it was not. We did not get a full year effect on MDI, and so it was basically underlying business growth across the regions, and I was pretty happy with it. 
Michael Nannizzi: Great. And then last one if could squeeze one last one in. In North America, how much did client retention, so higher client retention, factor into the organic growth? Or were there other factors involved that helped contribute to that nice number? 
Victor Krauze: Retention did help us in the first quarter. It was close to 200 basis points. We're very pleased with what we saw in our retention efforts and seeing that it came through, so it was helpful. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Klauber of William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: I guess, what's the potential for you to increase your free cash flow going forward? And what are your priorities for free cash flow? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, I think as we discussed on the last call, focusing on cash flow is one of the things we want to do. The key driver of that obviously is our EBITDA performance, and that is obviously driven by the equation between our revenues and costs. And we see great opportunities to grow our cash flow, but we will be very focused on that. Now we gave you a picture of what our cash flow was in 2012. We will probably do that on an annual basis or maybe semiannual in such as to what the best way of doing that is. And we are going to be very focused on making sure that number grows. As I said to you, it's organic growth that is the key driver of our free cash flow performance. 
Adam Klauber: And as to priorities for usage of that free cash flow? 
Dominic Casserley: Oh, again, as we discussed on the last call, we will constantly have a trade-off to make between investing for medium-term growth, so that we can continue to grow cash flow on an ongoing basis into the future and returning some of that cash flow to our shareholders. We signaled our intent to be very focused on the latter by increasing our dividend at the end of last year. And every year, we will be looking at the trade-off between investing for the medium term and returning cash to shareholders. And that is a decision we will take every year. And we've got to get the balance right because we've got to make sure that we continue to invest for the medium term. We're active in many growth markets, and we've seen many growth opportunities. At the same time, we are very conscious and cognizant of the need to return cash to our shareholders. 
Adam Klauber: Okay. And one follow-up on North American organic growth, clearly, nice rebound in the last 2 quarters. Should we think about that the last 2 quarters are coming off weaker comparisons? Or should we think about it as 4%, 5% is more potential baseline, and if the environment gets better, pricing goes up, audit premiums turn around, you could actually improve from there? Not asking for forecast but just how we should think about the base. 
Victor Krauze: Probably the best way I can answer that question is to say that we're continuing to focus on the 3 basics of the business that have helped us turn the business, and it's quite simply our new business pipelines, our recruiting efforts and our retention efforts. And I would expect that if we continue to do the things that we have been doing, we would continue to see results that improve over prior quarters, prior year's quarters. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Arash Soleimani, KBW. 
Arash Soleimani: Just had a quick question. Are there -- is there any update in terms of potential investments within the health care exchanges? And from what you've seen thus far with both AI and NMC [ph] establishing an exchange, is there any concern in terms of them having tried to poach any clients or clients that you have that are interested in that type of defined contribution health care strategy? Is there any concern about them leaving to go to one of those brokers? Or is that not an issue in your eyes? 
Dominic Casserley: When I first got to know the team at Willis, I was very impressed that thinking on this issue was very well advanced, and the team have been doing a lot of thinking about what best way for us to position ourselves in this space. We're making progress. So let me have Vic just describe how we're thinking about this. 
Victor Krauze: Sure. It is an issue we're watching very carefully, and we spend a lot of time and effort in terms of examining the space. It might be one of the things I look at more than most others right now. What I can tell you is that we are looking very carefully at the exchange space. We are looking at a Willis option in that space in order to compete in that area. My view is that it is not necessarily going to completely disintermediate the brokerage space. There'll be a portion of customers that'll be interested in exchanges in the DC world, if you will, and we have a make sure that we have an option for those customers that do that. And -- but I'm not as concerned that the 2 exchanges that are out there would necessarily cause us to lose business to them. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ray Iardella, Macquarie. 
Raymond Iardella: So just maybe touching back on Gras Savoye and the thought process in extending the option. Just kind of if I could your updated thoughts on sort of your capital flexibility and updated thoughts on potentially buying back stock debt or any other M&A opportunities out there. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, obviously, we are doing medium-term planning around our financing needs and a great confidence in our financial flexibility to be able to execute the Gras Savoye transaction should we decide to proceed with it. And on the financial flexibility, we continue to look at our financial structure on an ongoing basis, and make sure that it is fit for purpose. As I said, we are very focused on free cash flow and focused on how we use that cash flow to both drive medium-term growth and to return cash to shareholders, and we'll be making those trade-offs on an ongoing basis. But in terms of financial flexibility to meet the needs of the company to grow and to invest in Gras Savoye and any other acquisition opportunities that we think pass our very stringent tests in being attractive, we're very confident. 
Raymond Iardella: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe, Mike, do you have the CapEx for the quarter handy? 
Michael Neborak: The CapEx for the quarter was around $25 million. 
Operator: Brett Huff of Stephens Incorporated. 
Brett Huff: My question is on investment priorities. In the prepared remarks, you mentioned that you've been looking around as you're evaluating your organization, have already started making some investments in Global. But can you give us just a broad sense of what kinds of investments you're going to make? Will it be people? Will it be technology? Will that investment include organic -- I'm sorry, inorganic acquisition of talent or other channels, et cetera? Just kind of broad strokes, what are the different pieces that you're thinking about in terms of investment? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, Brett, we're in motion on that, and we hope to give you much more information on July 30 at our Investor Day. But it will come as no surprise to you that we're going to obviously be focused on opportunities to grow with attractive returns. And so we're going to be targeting our investments, I think, on growth areas. That does not mean just the emerging markets. It means growth areas throughout the world and in all our businesses where we see specific opportunities. And it will be organic growth is and actually our preferred way forward, but where we see attractive M&A opportunities that, as I say, pass stringent tests in terms of a strategic and cultural and integration fit and very tough net present value analysis of what the cash flows will actually bring us. And then we will also consider inorganic growth but again, focused on growth. 
Brett Huff: Okay. And just a quick follow-up, the expense reductions that you have going for, I think you said the annualized savings would be $25 million to $30 million or $25 million to $35 million. Should we think about that as dropping to the bottom line? Or should we think of that as part of the source of funds for some investments going forward as you guys look to the next few years? 
Michael Neborak: Well, we said, on an annualized basis, it would be $25 million to $30 million. And I think, to answer your question, both of what you referred to in terms of what we -- some will drop to the bottom line, and some will be used to invest for future growth of the business going forward. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Meredith of UBS. 
Brian Meredith: A couple of quick questions here for you. First, Mike, I'm curious. Could you just give us what the depreciation and amortization run rate's going to look like here going forward? 
Michael Neborak: Well, take the figure that's in the Q and subtract $5 million from it because the reported numbers I mentioned included $5 million related to fixed asset write-offs. Take that number, subtract $5 million and multiply it out by 4. So I think a number of about $21 million plus per quarter is really what you should model. 
Brian Meredith: Second question, just back on the benefits business and getting the contingent commission to change the compensation structure, what was the impact on the organic revenue growth rate from that in the North American business? And where are we in that process right now? I mean, what's the benefit going to look like going forward? 
Michael Neborak: Well, the benefit, though, looking forward is somewhat hard to calculate given the very nature of that revenue stream. Though, we think we'll do better on it as we move forward. As a reminder, we only started that, effective April 1, so we didn't get a full year run rate. So and it was approximately $2 million in the quarter, and we actually had some legacy HRH run-off MDI of close to $1 million. So the impact was not that significant. So I would expect it would be helpful downstream. 
Brian Meredith: Great. And then last question, what was the impact of Willis Capital Markets in the quarter in the Global business? Was it a benefit for organic growth hurt [ph] ? 
Dominic Casserley: Steve, do you want to... 
Steven Hearn: I'll take that, Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, thanks, Steve. 
Steven Hearn: No, it was a negative comparable year-on-year. We don't get into stripping out the absolute numbers in terms of the Capital Markets business. As it think we've explained before, it's a very lumpy business in terms of a small number of large value transactions, but it was down year-on-year, quarter-to-quarter. 
Operator: Tom Mitchell, Miller Tabak. 
Thomas Mitchell: I'm wondering if you could elaborate a little on the trends in reinsurance rates. There have been a couple of underwriters who suggested that reinsurance is less attractive as a place to be putting their capital, whereas certain parts of North America seem to be more interesting. I'm wondering what your observations are. 
Steven Hearn: Sure. I'll take that as well. Yes, again, I'll repeat. It is all over the place in terms of rating environment, and I'll point you back to the website in terms of some detailed commentary region by region, country by country and line by line. I certainly, my view is not that this is a place people aren't interested in putting capital at the moment, quite the reverse. We've seen all sorts of new capital turn up in the reinsurance world, particularly in the property cat area so far. But I think discussions we're having and hearing that capital is starting to look more globally in terms of where it's turning up and also product line wise is getting into some interesting places, relatively modest at the moment, maybe $35 billion, something like that, but growing. And we see more, not less of that, and again, I think that's probably a reflection of the macroeconomic environment of where capital can go to, to make a return. And reinsurance offers an interesting opportunity. So no, I think more capital, not less. 
Thomas Mitchell: And in terms of nontraditional but people who are raising cat bonds and other alternatives to traditional underwriting, are you seeing anything in that area that's a meaningful change from where it was, say, a year ago? 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, again, I'd say more not less is my summary answer. There's certainly a lot more interest and activity. There's been a lot of debate about the fickle nature of that capital, and whether it's a temporary development or something that's going to be more sustained. My personal view is it's more sustained, and it's coming from some places where you find long-term investments. And we'll see what happens, but certainly seems to be more, not less. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel of Langen McAlenney. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Dominic, I think these board announcements are often a lot more important than we investors, appreciate, and this -- you recently announced -- the company recently announced the Nonexecutive Chairman replacing Executive Chairman and a large investor on the board. Was wondering if you could sort of summarize where the board is coming from on these announcements? What they mean and what sort of skill sets these guys are bringing that you'll tap. 
Dominic Casserley: Sure. Well, the -- when I came on board as CEO, we moved to a structure of having a Nonexecutive Chairman and a CEO, and that's what we did. And then, as everyone knows, Joe Plumeri had announced his intent to retire in the middle of the year. So what we've done is to find within our existing board, Jim McCann to take over the role of Nonexecutive Chairman. And that's a wonderful transition. We're very excited about that, excited about the extraordinary leadership that Joe has provided this company for over 12 years and excited that an incumbent member of the board is stepping up to become Nonexecutive Chairman. So that's a quite natural transition. In the course of that happening, we realized that we needed to do some medium-term planning as to how the board might evolve, and that has been underway for quite some time. And we knew that with Joe leaving the board, we would have a board place open. And we have -- we've been going through this process, and we were in dialogue with Jeff Ubben, who is one of our major investors in the company, being -- began a series of very constructive dialogues over a prolonged period of time. And we're delighted to welcome Jeff onto the board beginning again in July. But that is a part of an ongoing process we're going through. We also announced -- you will have seen that we have 2 more vacancies emerging. And whereas in the middle of that process I described, and looking forward to announcing 2 new names in the near future. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Great. I just wondered if you could just tell me the skill sets that Jim and Jeff bring. And perhaps, what you're looking for -- what the board is looking for as far as depth that they don't have now? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, in terms of what we're looking for, generally, our business is a reasonably a complex global operation with deep operations North America and around the globe, Europe, Asia, Middle East, Latin America. So we, obviously, are looking for strong capabilities who can -- are used to leading companies in that world. And generally, we're looking for people who want to contribute to enabling us to be a long value-creating company in the medium term. The specifics around Jim and Jeff are, obviously, Jim is a very seasoned CEO and knows the company extremely well, having been on the board for many years. And so we're delighted to have him as Nonexecutive Chairman. And Jeff Harbin has very deep experience on a large number of public company boards, so they bring -- both of them bring great strengths to the board. 
Robert Glasspiegel: It'd be great if Mr. McCann could be at the Investor Day, so we can get to meet him. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes, we will certainly try to make that happen. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes of SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: Two quick ones. The employee benefits impact on organic growth in North America, was it positive? Or was it a drag? 
Michael Neborak: The employee benefits impact was positive. It was -- they had mid-single-digit growth, so it was helpful, it was in line with everything else we did. 
Dominic Casserley: Okay, great. And then we call that practice as our Human Capital practice. 
Mark Hughes: Yes. Right, yes. And then in terms of the Willis Capital Markets, the pipeline you have occasionally commented on it in the past, are there any larger transactions? Or what should we expect for the 2Q or the balance of the year? 
Steven Hearn: Yes, I'll take that one again. We have a fantastic Capital Markets business, a leader in the insurance industry in terms of our proposition and advice. It is very active. It has a very full pipeline prospects and existing engagements that it's working on. It is, as I said, a lumpy business because obviously its revenues and the announcements are dependent on a transaction, typically a transaction happening. So you see these periods where quarter-on-quarter things move around, but we're very, very happy with our Capital Markets business and expect it to be a contributor to growth of revenue and margin this year. 
Operator: Jay Cohen, BoA Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Cohen: I just wanted to follow up on the U.S. business. In the past, you've shared some metrics with us as far as producer count and what the new business pipeline looks like. I'm wondering if you can give us an update on those metrics. 
Michael Neborak: Sure, I'm happy to. On the pipelines, the pipelines are as robust as they have ever been. We are maintaining a level, I think I have indicated in the past, that our initial targets were 2x, and we had gotten to 3x, and we're in excess of that still. On the recruiting front, we're down, what I would call, a handful of producers. In the first quarter we traditionally drop a little bit. The recruiting dipped, as producers were looking to the hire, waiting to collect their bonuses from their previous firms. And then last one is retention, and where we came in for this quarter was above what we had traditionally done and in line with, aspirationally, what I'd like to hit. We target 95% retention. No one's ever done that consistently, but at 93%, I'm a pretty happy guy. 
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. 
Dominic Casserley: Well, let me thank everybody for attending our call. We are very excited about your interest in our company, and we look forward to continuing to engage with you in the coming months. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-13 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome, and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now, I will turn the meeting over to Mr. Peter Poillon. You may begin. 
Peter Poillon: Thank you, and welcome to our fourth quarter 2012 earnings conference call and webcast. Our call today is hosted by Dominic Casserley, Willis Group Holdings Chief Executive Officer.
 A webcast replay of the call, along with slide presentation to which we will be referring on this call, can be accessed through the Events and Presentations page in the Investor Relations section of our website. If you have any questions after the call, my direct line is 212-915-8084.
 As we begin our call, let me remind you that we may make certain statements relating to future results, which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated. These statements reflect our opinions only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update them in light of new information or future events.
 Please refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and for the year ended December 31, 2012, which we expect to file by the end of, February, and subsequent filings, as well as our earnings press release for a more detailed discussion of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release.
 I'll now turn the call over to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Welcome, and thank you for joining our call to discuss Willis' fourth quarter and full year 2012 results. It's a new year and obviously, a different voice on this side of the line. I'm honored to be here with you sharing important information about our company, serving our investors and working along with my colleagues to grow the value of Willis. In the weeks and months ahead, I look forward to more communication with you and meeting you in person.
 I should say in the outset that from the very start, Joe Plumeri has been terrific in transition. He greeted me with great warmth and has worked tirelessly to arm me with the wealth of knowledge and experience from his 12 years at the helm. I'm very grateful for that.
 Now, while my voice is new, there is a strong sense of continuity on this call. The people you come to know on these calls are all here. By my side is Michael Neborak, our Chief Financial Officer, who will provide commentary on our results after my introductory remarks. Also here are Steve Hearn, our Deputy CEO and Head of Willis Global; Tim Wright, our Head of Willis International; and Vic Krauze, our Head of Willis North America. Steve, Tim, and Vic are all ready to answer your questions after Mike and I offer introductory remarks.
 As today is my first turn before this microphone, it's worth spending a moment sharing what you should expect from me on these calls. My interest is in building total shareholder value for Willis and building interest among the investment community for buying more shares. We will always lay out for you in a clear and transparent way what you need to know about the performance of Willis and its main constituent parts.
 With that as context, today, we will provide you with an overview of our result for the past quarter and the past year, while highlighting items, both positive and negative, that we believe most warrant your attention. So while our prepared remarks will be brief, our intent is to provide a balance of our time together today for a healthy exchange of questions and answers.
 So let me start with the overview of our results. Our adjusted earnings per diluted share for the fourth quarter were $0.45 per share. That figure is, of course, net of the goodwill and remuneration charges that we announced in December and the deferred tax asset valuation allowance we announced in our earnings release yesterday. All of these charges came about as a result of the steps we took to pave our way forward. Mike will add more color on those charges in a few minutes.
 For the full year 2012, adjusted earnings per share were $2.58. It goes without saying that we, as a management team, view this figure as a disappointment. It represents a decline in group performance from the prior year and as such, is a result that we will work to reverse in the months and quarters ahead.
 However, as the management team stated a number of times during 2012, Willis states a series of obstacles that skewed comparisons to 2011. Now with the fourth quarter results in hand, it is important to record Joe's optimism expressed on his last call that certain metrics were pointing towards improving revenue growth. Today's results bear out that optimism, particularly in terms of the group's organic revenue growth, which came in at 7.5%. This number is the highest rate of growth for Willis since the third quarter of 2006. Importantly, each of our 3 segments, Willis North America, Willis International and Willis Global, contributed to the success. Let's spend a few minutes looking in some detail at each of the segments.
 First, Willis North America. We are pleased that North America achieved 5% organic growth in the quarter. Now we recognize that the 5% appears somewhat inflated when it is compared to the prior-year period, which included a reversal of improperly recorded 2011 revenues that we disclosed previously. That said, if you exclude the prior-year reversal, organic growth still came in at a little over 3%, which is better than we have done in North America since the second quarter of 2007. Now while we know it's premature to celebrate, we do believe it's a strong indication that the segment has turned the corner, moving beyond the number of operational challenges that Vic and the North American team have been grappling with. One metric that adds to our confidence is new business growth across the segment, which came in at a very strong level of 15%. In fact, that measure improved every quarter during 2012. Another metric the best calls scrutiny is our retention level. Our retention level for North America at the end of the quarter was 90%. This is up compared to the prior year period. And for the year, retention level for North America was solid at 91%.
 Now these good numbers were not just isolated in one geographic region. For the first time in many years, every geographic region in this segment showed growth in the quarter, with the Northeast, Canada and Mexico leading the way. Looking at the regions and instead of our practices, there was also good news. For the second consecutive quarter, construction showed improvement, a reflection certainty of the stabilizing situation in the U.S. economy. Organic revenue construction this quarter grew at 3%, an improvement over the 1% growth reported last quarter. Importantly, for the first time in many quarters, we saw growth in the Surety area of this group which we take as a promising sign.
 Taking a look at the operations of the North America segment, Vic and his team managed to increase our producer headcount by 3% on a net basis in 2012. Vic talked about the importance of producer headcount at the previous call, and this increase follows a number of years of decline. It is an important turnaround. We know that producers that have just come on board won't have an immediate impact on revenue growth, but having a growing base of expert people putting Willis front and center with new prospects is a leading indicator of further improvements ahead. 
 In my initial meetings with leaders across North America, there's a definite excitement from our success in having added new talent to our experienced core of producers. For the full year 2012, North America's organic growth was 0.6%. Again, we're not content with that achievement, negative 0.6%. Again, were not content with that achievement, but it is respectable when considered in the context of the difficult comparisons the segment faced in the first half of the year. 
 I have spent a lot of time with Vic since October, discussing both the challenges and the opportunities facing his segment. In the fourth quarter, we got a strong sense of the opportunities Vic has been describing. 
 Let's now move to Willis International. Willis International's organic revenue growth was a very solid 7.4% in the fourth quarter. This is a welcome result considering the economic conditions in many of the parts of the world that we serve. As in North America, our retention level in the International at the end of the fourth quarter came in at the strong level of 92%. And the other metric that we use to gauge our progress, new business growth, was also very good for International as a whole coming in at 13%. Moving from the whole to the parts, let's spend a few minutes looking at Willis International region by region.
 In the U.K., our business achieved mid-single digit growth in the fourth quarter and was about flat for the year. The U.K. business have been trending in the right direction throughout 2012, improving each quarter. We have just announced the hiring of David Martin, our new leader for our U.K. business, who bring substantial experience from the broker and carrier side, and our business in the U.K. is poised to continue its progress. 
 In Western Europe, the region continued its consistent record of growth despite the difficult economic conditions. Western Europe grew organic revenues mid-single digits, with particularly strong performances in Denmark, Sweden and Italy. As in the U.K., we have just announced Alberto Gallego, our new leader for Willis in the region, an internal promotion for the executive who has contributed greatly over the years to our success in Iberia. Again, this adds to a sense of new opportunity for Willis built on a continuity and the excellent track record we've had in Spain.
 In Latin America, we are seeing the fruits of a historically high-performing region for Willis that benefit additionally from its new leader, Luis Maurette, taking up his post in late 2011. In the fourth quarter of 2012, Latin America continued its momentum, growing double digits with particularly strong growth in Argentina and Brazil.
 In Asia, we were up low single digits. Within Asia, China grew modestly in the quarter, finishing the year as a whole with growth in the low double digits. In Japan, the changes we made earlier in the year appointing Dean Enomoto as our new retail CEO, contributed to a very strong result for our business there. And across the region, we are poised to maximize opportunity for Willis now that Adam Garrard, our former head of Willis in Europe, is established in Singapore as our new regional CEO. I had a chance to spend time with Adam in Asia recently and came away very impressed by our prospects.
 In Australasia, we did not achieve growth and have taken action that helped to stabilize our revenues there. Among the steps we took was to have Roger Wilkinson, a longstanding Willis executive, who has helped to grow our business enormously over the years across Asia, to relocate to Sydney and take over our business in Australasia. For the full year, International achieved 4.9% organic revenue growth, which is a testament to the strategy and focus of Tim Wright and his team. While Tim would be the first to say, there's still considerable room for improvement, we're excited by our opportunities for growth across the globe.
 Let's now move to Willis Global. Willis Global, as you know, comprises our Reinsurance division, the Global Specialties division, Willis Faber & Duma and Willis Capital Markets. While Willis North America and Willis International each brought welcome improvements in their performance in the last quarter of 2012, Willis Global proved to be the growth engine for the group, delivering 11.6% organic growth over the fourth quarter of 2011. Now clearly, to achieve that type of growth across the Willis Global segment, certain businesses within the segment have to put up some outstanding figures. 
 During the quarter, Willis Faber & Duma achieved low double-digit organic growth. This was driven by robust new business including major project wins. Reinsurance grew high single digits in what is a seasonally small quarter for that business. Within Willis Re, North America was up double digits while Specialty Reinsurance increased mid-single digits. Willis Re found rates during the quarter to be broadly flat. And for those interested in a broad rate discussion for Reinsurance of the 1/1 renewal period, our first view report, published on January 1 of this year, is available on our website. It is a comprehensive and useful analysis of the reinsurance marketplace and worth a look.
 Another part of Willis Global, Global Specialties, was up mid-single digits, delivering good growth from new business. Within Global Specs, Construction, FINEX, Financial Solutions and Marine, all grew nicely in the quarter, partly offset by the ongoing challenging rate and market environment in Aerospace.
 Finally, Willis Capital Markets in an active fourth quarter recorded $12 million of commission and fees compared to $2 million in the year-ago quarter. As we've discussed in our prior call, the robust activity and the fees generated came from a number of capital market transactions that had been delayed throughout 2012. All in all, while I'm very happy to have Steve Hearn by my side as deputy CEO, it's also great to have him wearing his other hat as CEO of Willis Global. Steve and his team have done an excellent job through the year retaining our clients, winning new business and securing a number of major deals that have kept the results solid and translated into strong 6.1% organic growth for the full year.
 You should know that Steven and I, along with our colleagues in the Willis operating committee, have been very busy these past few weeks taking the initial steps that will allow us to maintain our competitive edge and position ourselves for further growth in the quarters ahead. 
 Before turning the call over to Mike, I'd like to discuss one additional item that you saw in our earnings release. This had to do with a charge we will be taking in the first quarter of 2013 following our initial review of the organization. We have identified a number of positions that can be eliminated and leases we can exit. The charge, which we will expect will amount to approximately $35 million to $40 million, would deliver expected annual savings of approximately $25 million to $30 million, most of which from headcount reduction. With that, I will turn it over to Mike to discuss the rest of the financial results. I'll return later with some final comments before turning it over to you for questions. 
Michael Neborak: Thank you, Dominic, and good day, everyone. Over the course of the next few minutes, as I review the numbers, all comparisons that I'll make are to Q4 2011 unless otherwise stated. During these few minutes of prepared remarks, I'll be referring to the slide presentation that we posted on our website. So I'll give you a few seconds to pull that up.
 Okay, as Dominic noted, our fourth quarter performance reflected solid organic revenue growth and strong cash flow from operations. Let's start on Slide 3 of the deck. It shows balance sheet and cash flow highlights. You can see that we ended 2012 with $500 million in cash, that's up $64 million from year-end 2011. Total debt outstanding at year end for Willis was $2.35 billion, down slightly from last year. 
 Effective capital allocation is an important area of focus. During 2012, we generated $524 million of cash from operations, an increase of $85 million or 19% over 2011. It's important to keep in mind that the 2012 figure is after contributing approximately $140 million to our pension plans. It's worth laying out the math so that's very clear. So from the $524 million of cash flow, tracked $185 million for dividends paid, $135 million for capital expenditures and $15 million for debt repayment. When you do that, you're left with approximately $190 million. From that figure, we repurchased $100 million of common stock and spent $69 million on acquisitions. After all that is done, it leaves a small amount of cash generated during 2012 carried forward. Now, let me turn to the summary financial results for the quarter as shown on Slide 4.
 Please note that I started with the balance sheet and cash flow for a reason. While we recorded a GAAP loss in the quarter amounting to $804 million or $4.65 per share, the charges that we took during the quarter had no impact on cash. We are very pleased that the cash balance grew, and that the cash generated from operations improved nicely during the year. Our adjusted earnings per share were $0.45 or flat compared to the prior-year quarter. These results reflected improved organic growth across all of our segments, muted by higher salaries and benefits and a higher effective tax rate. I'll discuss expenses and this higher effective tax rate in a moment.
 Importantly, we grew adjusted operating margin by 40 basis points. Foreign currency rate changes increased EPS by $0.01. Certain items that were excluded from adjusted EPS are highlighted on Slide 5. These items include the noncash charges for North America goodwill impairment and a change in our remuneration policy where we eliminated the retention feature of our annual incentive program. Those 2 items were included in the 8-K we filed back in December. Additionally, we established a valuation allowance against our North America deferred tax asset. That item requires some explanation, so please bear with me for a minute.
 The U.S. GAAP accounting rules around deferred tax asset valuation allowances are very prescriptive. The charges we took in the fourth quarter, when combined with the operational review charges we took in 2011, caused a cumulative loss in the North America segment during the 3-year period going back to 2010. The 3-year cumulative loss in effect triggered the requirements to record evaluation allowance, which increased the tax provision by $113 million. Here are the key takeaways. First, the allowance relates solely to our North America operations and is directly associated with recording the sizable goodwill impairment, as well as North America's proportionate share of the charges related to the change in our remuneration policy. Second, the allowance is not indicative of our optimism towards the prospects of our North America business. And finally, as North America records net income in future years, we expect the tax allowance will reverse.
 Now let me talk about expenses, which are highlighted on Slides 5 through 9. On Slide 5, you'll see our total expenses on an adjusted basis, which excludes a large charges, total expenses increased 5.9% to $705 million. On an underlying basis, meaning excluding foreign exchange, our total adjusted expenses grew 6.5% in the quarter and 4.7% for the full year. The next few slides show the growth by major cost category. 
 On Slide 6, you see details of our salary and benefits expense, which is the largest component of our expense base. Underlying growth in S&B for the quarter was 8.6%. The drivers of this growth were 3 things in particular. First, there was a difficult comparison with fourth quarter 2011 as that quarter benefited most from the 2011 operational review. Second, there was an increase of approximately 400 FTEs during 2012. And third, there were annual salary increases. For the full year 2012, underlying S&B growth was 5.4%. 
 The purpose of Slide 7 then is to put the change in our remuneration policy into perspective. This is very important. In 2013, we are accruing cash bonuses. As shown on this slide, if accrued bonuses have replaced retention amortization expense beginning January 1, 2012, our S&B expense would have been $48 million higher. That is simply due to the change in accounting for the award. It's important for you to understand that the dollar amount and the timing of the award do not differ under the new policy relative to the old policy. So as you're thinking about this, you should evaluate this change as essentially cash neutral. Importantly, you should use the higher salaries and benefits expense figure of $2.071 billion shown on Slide 7 as the baseline when modeling S&B expense for 2013. 
 Now please turn to Slide 8, where the impact of a higher S&B expense is expressed as a quarterly reduction to our adjusted EPS as disclosed. In summary, if we had accrued bonuses throughout 2012, salary and benefits expense would have been $48 million higher and adjusted EPS would have been $0.20 lower.
 As our largest expense, the growth in S&B is clearly a focus for us, particularly as we continue to grow our business in 2013. Dominic mentioned earlier that we will be incurring a first quarter charge in the range of $35 million to $45 million, primarily for headcount reductions. That charge is expected to help curtail the growth in this line. In fact, we expect the action will result in savings of approximately $20 million to $25 million in 2013 and annual savings of approximately $25 million to $30 million. The savings in 2013 will begin in the second quarter.
 Slide 9 shows our other operating expenses. On an underlying basis, again, meaning excluding foreign exchange, other operating expenses grew a modest 0.6% in the quarter and 3.3% for the full year. Let me spend a moment on depreciation and amortization expense. On past calls, we've commented about our ongoing investments in technology and systems. If those systems go live, depreciation expense will increase. For 2013, we expect depreciation to be approximately $18 million higher than in 2012. Partially offsetting this increase is a scheduled decline of $5 million in our amortization expense. 
 Now on to Slide 10, which shows our adjusted operating margin. Adjusted operating margins for Willis improved 40 basis points from 18.7% in Q4 in 2011 to 19.1% this quarter. Obviously, the biggest factor in that improvement was a significant growth in revenues. This was offset by increased salary and benefits expense and declining investment income. You might ask with 40 basis points of margin expansion, why were our earnings flat year-over-year? The answer is taxes. As alluded earlier, the effective tax rate on our fourth quarter adjusted earnings was higher than expected. In fact, it was 33%, which compares to our more normalized 24% to 25% range. The high effective tax rate was driven by adjustments related to prior periods that were booked in the current quarter. These adjustments increased the tax provision by approximately $11 million, which equates to $0.06 per share. 
 For 2013, our effective tax rate should be approximately 25% but could fluctuate depending on the geographic mix of taxable income. And finally, let me comment on the Associates line, which is primarily Gras Savoye. For the quarter, that line recorded a net loss of $7 million, which compares to a net loss of $11 million in the comparable prior period. For 2013, we expect that the Associates line will continue to lag as Gras Savoye completes its operational review. As such, we expect the Associates line to decline $6 million to $8 million in 2013 compared to 2012 with a normal predominance of income recorded in the first quarter, and then net losses throughout the remainder of the year.
 And with that, thank you. And I'll turn the call back to Dominic. 
Dominic Casserley: Thank you, Mike. Before we take your questions, I'll conclude our preliminary remarks by saying this. Back in October, like many of you, I listened to the Willis third quarter conference call and heard Willis management state optimistically that they expected better revenue growth in the future. Joe Plumeri, the management team and all our staff delivered on that expectation in the fourth quarter. 
 I have been in my position of CEO officially for a little over 5 weeks. During that time, Steve and I have been meeting with our business heads, producers, operational managers, finance leaders from and others, who've been very constructive and candid about both the potential and challenges of the business. I've been very impressed with a depth of knowledge and experience throughout this organization. It adds to the level of excitement to the future of Willis that I expressed last October when I was announced as Joe's successor. 
 We will continue to use the next few months analyzing our operations and understanding where and how we can operate more productively and efficiently. My background and experience within the insurance and financial services industry and my sense of where growth opportunities lie around the globe leads me to believe that Willis' room for growth and improvement over the coming years. Of course, we are ever mindful of the changing and challenging economic conditions in many of the countries in which we operate that could challenge our growth. 
 I know that many of you might want me to comment today on my overall strategy for Willis on new initiatives for the company. But we are not yet prepared to share those plans. But as you can see from the charge we plan to take this quarter, Steve and I will not stand still. As we implement initial changes and manage the flow and process of our business over the first 2 quarters of 2013, our new strategy will begin to take shape. We then will look forward to discussing our plans with you in detail at an Investor Day in New York that we will host in early August or early September. And I hope to see many of you there in person. Thank you. We will now be happy to take your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jay Gelb of Barclays. 
Jay Gelb: With regard to the organic revenue growth of 7.5% in 4Q, clearly there's a huge increase versus the prior quarters. There were called out a few onetime items in there, so I think we're all trying to get a sense of the sustainability of that pace of growth overall or will you feel more normalized your overall organic revenue growth pace might be? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, Jay, as you know, we don't give guidance on our major revenue and cost items. But I will tell you this, we are obviously all very pleased and excited by what we saw in the fourth quarter. And we believe that many elements of the strengths of Willis came through. But at the same time, if I was thinking about the full year and just took the fourth quarter numbers and tried to extrapolate them across the whole year, I think that might be a brave thing to do. So that's as much as I think I'm going to can say on that. 
Jay Gelb: Okay. And then with regard to the actions you took immediately in terms of arresting the growth in salary and benefits, it seems that even in year one, Willis might be positioned on an adjusted basis to improve the operating margin. And when I say that, that takes into account adjusting for the $48 million of increase in the S&B line in 2012. So if we use I think an adjusted, adjusted margin of around 20% for full year '12, is Willis in a position to expand margins? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, Jay, clearly, that will be the result, but you and I can do the math as well together of how our revenues and costs develop over the course of the year. What I would tell you is the following. We absolutely believe that long-term value creation for Willis will be the result of the actions we take to serve our clients better and grow revenues, and the discipline we show at the same time in controlling our costs. We are quietly confident about the revenue momentum in the business and without, as I'd say, getting overexcited about it. And we have shown, I think from Day 1, that we are focused on the fact that our costs must be kept within a reasonable corridor at the same time. Clearly, we believe that value creation for Willis, one of the key elements of it must be a combination of revenue growth and margin expansion, and we are focused on achieving that. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Locraft of Morgan Stanley. 
Gregory Locraft: I wanted to just -- I think what a lot of us are wrestling with is what is the base EPS from which you're going to build the plan, and then it sounds as if you don't want to yet talk about the components of the plan. And I guess, in a way, it seems we're going to get that in August, is that sort of the message? 
Dominic Casserley: Let's answer that in 2 parts. On the -- when the plan will emerge in order to detail, that is right, you should focus on the Investor Day, which will either be in early August or early September depending on logistics and dates and things. That does not mean -- please do not take that to mean we're going to be sitting around doing nothing until then. You will see actions emerge, steps being taken as you saw already on this earnings announcement. But the whole plan, we will not -- we will lay out then. As for the earnings, Greg, go kindly back to Mike to go over that again. 
Michael Neborak: Yes, Greg. So what we are presenting there on the slide on Page 8 is $2.38 is the base going forward into 2013. And then if you do the math in terms of that additional $48 million that's referred to on Slide 7, that takes our margin down to a little bit greater than 20%. So those are kind of where we're looking at the base in terms of growing this business going forward into 2013 and later. 
Gregory Locraft: Okay, that's great. And then Dominic, over the next couple of quarters, it sounds like you'll be hard at work on the plan that's coming out as later this year. What are the top 3 things you're going to spend your time really digging into, the next couple of quarters? 
Dominic Casserley: Greg, one of the great excitements about Willis, and we should all understand is what one of its great strengths, is it has a truly fantastic global platform. And the things we obviously have to be focused on is how to take advantage of that global platform. And secondly, all the great specialty and expert capabilities we have across the world to serve our clients even more effectively than we do today. And I think the way in which we serve our clients and deliver value to them, which will end up delivering value to shareholders, is an absolute critical thing we will be focused on. We will obviously be secondly focused on how do we do that in a way which delivers growth. We are absolutely convinced that the underlying need to create shareholder value is -- will be driven by our ability to grow this business, so we'll be very much focused on how do we grow this business. And thirdly, in response to Jay's earlier question, of course, how do we do so in a way that maintains a very positive margins and thereby gross cash flow. That's how we'll be thinking about it. 
Operator: Paul Newsome, Sandler O'Neill. 
Paul Newsome: I just want to make sure we're clear. We -- this is going to be a step-by-step process as far as strategy is concerned, so we should be very aware of the possibilities of further restructuring announcements between now and the former layout in either August or September, is that right? 
Dominic Casserley: Paul, I think what you should think about is that over the next few months, we'll be developing our strategy. And as I've said, it's focused on growth because we think that's the key driver of shareholder value creation as long as we maintain and gradually grow our margins at the same time. So when you think about how that strategy might evolve, I would as much be thinking about how will Willis be thinking about where to invest, what are the growth opportunities which will drive the top line as much as I'd be thinking about restructuring, which is usually associated with a very large cost reduction. We may be doing one or the other, but bear in mind that growth has to be part of the plan. 
Paul Newsome: That's terrific. I also want to make sure that I just got some rough numbers here in my head right, but as I'm looking at your organic growth, which obviously was quite terrific in the fourth quarter, if I make an adjustment for the year-over-year benefit of the Capital Markets business and the adjustment for the revenue reversal that happened year-over-year, I'm coming up with a number that's sort of a couple of points less on a -- still extraordinarily strong. Am I directionally in the right idea to think about that, that way? 
Michael Neborak: Yes, Paul, this is Mike Neborak here. I think that's correct. So we started at 7.5%. If you exclude the fourth quarter reversal of revenues that we took in 2011, that goes down to 6.75%. And if you excluded half of the Willis capital markets revenues in the quarter, that would go down to 6%. So I think in that area there, you're looking at something that's without some of these items that perhaps were a little bit exaggerated in the quarter for good reasons. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel of Langen McAlenney. 
Robert Glasspiegel: I've got a couple of big picture questions, so you can take any direction you want, Dominic. But coming from a consultant background, you've experienced a lot of and seen a lot of companies like Willis firsthand. Now that you've been there a short period of time, what are the strengths of Willis that you see and what are the areas of weakness that need to be upgraded? And the second question is how long of a honeymoon period do you think you need before we can judge your results on being you running the company versus what you inherited? 
Dominic Casserley: I will answer the second part of that question, first, I think there is no honeymoon period in the world any longer. And we're all responsible from day 1. I take no credit for these fourth quarter results, which are a huge credit to Joe and the management team and all the staff of Willis that were in place during that fourth quarter. And as you know, I did not come on board until the beginning of January. But I think in the world we live in today, honeymoons don't last very long at all. And so we're moving this thing forward, we're responsible for quarter-by-quarter. I think we've just been saying that if you were waiting for the big strategy plan, that's not going to come until after into August or maybe early September. But just to be clear, we're responsible of delivering each quarter after that period and beyond. Remind me... 
Unknown Executive: Strengths. 
Dominic Casserley: Strengths and weaknesses, yes. So I think I've touched on these a bit, but let me reiterate some of them. We are very, very lucky through history and through the work of our predecessors, and many saw here  today, to have a wonderful global platform. And I strongly believe that our global platform differentiates us in the eyes of many of our clients. What is special about Willis in that context is our ability to play as a global team. We really do fly under 1 flag, and Joe gets enormous credit. One of his great legacies in years to come of what he left at this company as well as many other things is his focus on the one flag, and the way in which we play with clients and with markets is a fantastic strength of the firm. Another great strength is, therefore, our ability to attract, retain and develop the skills of wonderful talent. And in a world where, which is basically a people business, that is a great strength. And I think the fact that Willis has the platform, scale and the level of specialty and expertise, is a great strength for us and differentiates us from many others. If you were to think about challenges, the challenges are all of you because you are demanding and you want us to deliver consistent returns and growing returns over time. So we have to make sure that we do that and we have to be focused on that. And clearly, as it had been no secret and no one's trying to hide, we had a legacy of challenges in North America as the result of the state of the economy and the HRH integration. But I think what you are seeing, which Vic had been singling throughout 2012, and we have now seen in the fourth quarter, that we are seeing a turnaround of that and North America is now going to be a great strength to this company. So I see the world pretty much like that. 
Operator: Our next version comes from Josh Shanker of Deutsche Bank. 
Joshua Shanker: But you're happy to talk about Willis' strengths, I know you're not going to unveil the plan right now, but from your view right now, what are Willis' weaknesses? 
Dominic Casserley: I think I tried to touch on them a bit, Josh. The weaknesses are the ones that fates any broker/advisory firm is what we are, which is we live in a very competitive world and we have to win our business every day and we can rely -- we can't live on yesterday. We have a great talent offering but it's a competitive talent world and we have to make sure it's -- we're as strong as possible in it. This business, globally, is moving more and more to depend on analytics. We like to talk about the analytical broker around here. And in that world, the competition to develop the next insight, the next great capability, the great -- the next great offering and to retain the analytical talent you need is fierce. Now we have had a recent wonderful pipeline of new products and services we brought to the marketplace. But in any knowledge business like that, the life cycle can be quite short. And so our challenge is to continue to invest and build new products and capabilities. And the less way you're able to do so, over time, you fall behind. Now what I see at Willis is a great desire and interest to continue the product innovation we've shown over the last 18 months, 24 months. But if we were too slow, let tell you, we would soon see that in the marketplace. So I think the ways of thinking about this is not to say Willis must have some enormous specific challenge. Just to say this is a very competitive market and we need to be on our toes all the time. 
Joshua Shanker: So you don't think there's any technological disadvantages between you and your competitors? 
Dominic Casserley: Nothing that at the moment gets me very excited. No, all right? We always constantly have to invest and play but -- in what we're doing. Did you have a specific point you were trying to make there? 
Joshua Shanker: Well, I -- one thing which I -- obviously, the question of Will Place, how competitive it can be with GRIP and Marsh Connect. This is the question that we -- where we are not -- we don't yet from our end, but we hope that that's correct. And maybe you have some thoughts on that issue? 
Dominic Casserley: Well I am slightly confident, but let me turn over to Steve Hearn, Deputy CEO and Head of Willis Global, to talk more about that. 
Steven Hearn: Yes, sure. Thanks, Dominic. The -- Will Place technology and I'm placing it more generally, sits, from a management structure perspective, within Global, so it has a report line through to me. I'm familiar with our competitors' propositions and I guess it wouldn't be appropriate to get into the specifics of where I think some of their developments have been misplaced, but maybe to reference where I think we've done perhaps a better job. Our model has been built around the client, which I've said previously on previous earnings calls. The -- that is a very, very client-centric model that we've created with Will Place. So it isn't just about the relationship between us as an intermediary and the carriers within and we place the business, it's actually about the client and our relationship with that client in terms of sales proposition to them and how we articulate their needs within the context of the carriers that are available to place the business with, and getting a better match. So I think over time, that will deliver to us increased sales penetration. And we're seeing early stages of that and also should improve our already higher retention rates across our business. So I think Will Place we feel is of very significant strategic importance to Willis now, and that continues to be. Have you -- moving forward, I would see that continue to be a significant part of our platform as we move forward. 
Joshua Shanker: And finally, in your headcount reduction plan, is anyone in the 200 jobs have -- do you even announced yet, anyone -- or is this going to be -- begin going forward from here? 
Dominic Casserley: Begin going forward from here. 
Operator: Mike Nannizzi of Goldman Sachs. 
Michael Nannizzi: I guess one question, just looking at peers and you guys has -- a lot of other folks are deploying capital significantly either be it buybacks or M&A. Can you kind of talk about your ability to do either or both of those in a larger way? And maybe more broadly, how should we think about these cash flow uses? I know, Mike, you kind of laid it upfront but M&A, pension, CapEx and how soon will buybacks legitimately be on the table? And then one follow-up. 
Dominic Casserley: Yes. It's Dominic here. The way to think about that, I think, is if you look at the $500 million-plus of cash flow we had in 2012, it was roughly divided 50-50 between returns of shareholders and investing in the business, broadly rough numbers. And obviously, we are very sensitive to the fact that what we're really doing there is investing for the long-term shareholder value growth or delivering immediate returns. And we have to get that balance right. And so we're going to be very focused on that. As I've said, we believe that the sustainable value creation of Willis must be based on long-term growth. And so we will be focused on that as well as on delivering value, short-term value, to shareholders as we've signaled with our dividend increase. The -- if I think about 2013, I think we are going to be a bit more focused on investing for growth in 2013. But we have the potential, when necessary and when we think this is the right thing to do, to return more to shareholders through share repurchases. 
Michael Nannizzi: And then is leverage a factor in that consideration at this point for you? 
Dominic Casserley: Well, as you know, of the 3 global brokers, we are the highly -- almost highly leveraged. And so we just need to be cognizant of maintaining very strong credit rating and so we have to operate within that envelope. And when we're thinking about acquisitions, when we're thinking about our returns to shareholders, we're not going to do anything which violates our credit position in the marketplace. 
Michael Nannizzi: Great. And then just -- I did see there as an 8-K that -- it looked like a financial metric change from -- or to organic growth or organic EBITDA. So does that mean -- I guess does that kind of follow that point that you're going to be more focused on the notional number not that per share number, kind of more on the operating side from that perspective? 
Dominic Casserley: We believe that long-term shareholder value is driven by cash flow generation and so we're focused on revenue growth and EBIT -- organic EBITDA growth, which obviously therefore drives us to keep an eye on margin at the same time. We have other -- what you're seeing there is just reference to one of our incentive plans, we have other incentive plans, which will reflect some of the other elements that you are talking about, right? So we are -- we will not be losing sight of the individual shareholder and earnings per share issues. 
Operator: Tom Mitchell of Miller Tabak. 
Thomas Mitchell: I just wanted to go back for a second to the question of the salary and benefits costs that would have been $48 million higher if the cash bonus have been accrued through 2012, and I just want to double check on that. Would that -- would it be reasonable to assume that would have been about $12 million in the fourth quarter? 
Michael Neborak: You could -- if you wanted to spread it evenly, I think on Slide #8, we basically based on how the numbers fall, $0.07, so there'll be a little bit more than $16 million in the fourth quarter. 
Thomas Mitchell: Oh, okay. I'm sorry, I wasn't looking at the slide. And then the second question is more -- I know you're focused on both the costs and revenues, but if we look at sort of the normalized run rate of revenue growth in the fourth quarter at around, let's say, 5.5% and 6%, and then try to think about what -- not so much what is the normalized rate of cost, but if you were able to sustain, let's say, a 5% growth rate in revenues, what sort of under -- and that's organic growth -- what underlying growth in costs would you think is an appropriate way to look at it from this point going forward? 
Dominic Casserley: So Tom, as we've said again, we don't provide guidance on our major elements. What I can tell you is the following, I'll repeat what I said before. We are very clear that the drivers of shareholder value here have to be sustainable revenue growth and growing our costs a little bit less than that each year. So that you'll get a combination of growth and some margin expansion along the way. We absolutely recognize that. You should see in our actions in the first quarter, around the charts, that we understand that fully. And would be focused on this issue very closely in the coming quarters and years to make sure that for you, we deliver sustainable revenue growth and we manage our costs appropriately. 
Thomas Mitchell: I appreciate that. I think my underlying concern is that Willis has had -- in the past has come through with a series of restructuring charges, each of which was followed by a reduction in the expected cost basis but there was rarely a period of relief where the cause of the restructuring charges disappeared and the benefits of the cost savings clearly came through. And I have a concern that we may be entering another new period of repeated charges with adjusted earnings looking terrific but the adjusted -- adjusted going back may be more challenging than that adjusted number. 
Dominic Casserley: Tom, I understand your concern. There's not much I can do about it looking backwards. The -- going forward, I want you to very much focused on what we believe are the 2 drivers of shareholder value. 
Unknown Executive: Yes. 
Dominic Casserley: We have highlighted cash flow specifically for you to focus on because out of cash flow comes our ability to invest for the future and deliver short-term return, immediate returns to investors. And that is something we're going to be very much focused on going forward. And we will be managing this business exactly the way I described, and I assure you, for instance, in the charge we have taken in the first quarter, or when we eventually take it, we will be tracking very carefully that the costs we have taken a charge from actually exit the business in a timely fashion and do not get that backfilled left, right, and center or something. So that's what we will be working on. Now we may decide to take some of those cost savings and invest some of them in what we believe are high-return future investments, but we will be very focused on making sure the costs we are taking actually exits the business. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Ray Iardella of Macquarie. 
Raymond Iardella: Maybe just more a strategy question for you, Dominic. First, thinking about in the past, the commentary from Joe was there wasn't an expense problem, it's more of a growth problem at Willis. And clearly, fourth quarter results showed some improvement on the growth side. But with the charge and sort of the yield taking a fresh look at the business, what are you seeing, I guess, differently than maybe what the prior management team or prior CEO has seen? 
Dominic Casserley: I'm not going to comment on what Joe saw or did not see, or -- I think he has delivered over a long period of time terrific performance of this company. What I'm focused on is exactly what I've been saying, which is I want us to grow this business steadily based upon our franchises around the world because we are able to deliver distinctive value to our clients and thereby win new business and retain our existing client base. And we will be focused, in parallel, in making sure that over time, our costs expand at a slightly slower pace so that you get the combination of revenue growth and some margin expansion. And that's going to be the focus going forward. Will that happen every single quarter? I can't tell you, but that -- the pattern we want to produce is exactly what I described. And we, as a management team, understand that extremely clearly and need to make the right tradeoffs and decisions to deliver that. 
Raymond Iardella: Okay. And then maybe for Vic, since we haven't heard him on the call at this time. But maybe thinking about the growth in North America, I know employee benefits is a big part of that business. Maybe can you talk -- was there any benefit from contingent commissions? And then maybe secondly, Dominic, any update on your opinion on contingent commissions or maybe it's premature as well? 
Victor Krauze: Thank you, Ray, this is Vic, appreciate it. The short answer is no. In the fourth quarter contingents, or any type of income like that, did not help the quarter. Anything we've received on the employee benefits side would be in the first quarter of 2013. 
Dominic Casserley: And on the general issue, the way I think about this is actually more broadly thinking about market-derived income, of which contingent commissions are a part, and there are many elements of MDI. Our position has been very clearly that we think that whatever we do in this space has to be in the interest of our clients and has to be completely transparent. And that posture, I think, is a sustainable and appropriate one for us to take, and we will continue to take it. And that applies across the whole area of MDI. And I think it is a sustainable and the right position which aligns us with the clients and is clear to one and all. You have seen that we had a position a few years ago that we took no on our contingent commissions. And then because of the changes in the marketplace and competitive issues, we took the decision to take them in employee benefits in North America. And as Vic said, we will probably see some revenue from that in 2013. More broadly, we will continue to keep this under review. Again, in the context of what is right for our clients and what is right -- where what is transparent because we believe that posture is best for shareholders. That posture is best for shareholders. It is a sustainable position in the marketplace and we will continue to keep this under review to make sure we are serving our clients right and doing best by our shareholders in the long-term. 
Raymond Iardella: Okay. I appreciate that response, Dominic. And one more if I can squeeze it in. In terms of headcount, just broadly speaking, the change in compensation, the bonus payout, I mean, has that helped you guys in increasing the talent in the organization in the first couple of months of 2013? 
Dominic Casserley: Well I'll turn to it -- and then my colleagues will want to add, but I think it's too early to tell, generally. I think it's fair to say that the change had been welcomed in the company. The retention program we had was absolutely appropriate in past periods, it was -- seemed to be a good way of awarding talents. We came to a conclusion that a change would be in the best interest of the business and that's why we made the change. And I think it had been well received. I think it's too early to tell whether it has made a difference in recruiting whatever. Steve, do you want to add... 
Steven Hearn: Yes. I'd probably give a bit of a perspective. I think the working hypothesis should be that it should make it easier for us to attract talent -- not that we haven't attracted talent, obviously, over recent years with the previous reward structure and issue around retention. But it should be an enabler, it should it make easy. We're weeks into having that all available to us. I think Dominic's right, there's no impact yet. 
Operator: The next question comes from Meyer Shields of Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Meyer Shields: Dominic, the 200 people or 200 headcount reduction, is that basically focused in a single unit or is it spread more broadly? 
Dominic Casserley: It's spread broadly. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. Are you seeing any indications of another slowdown in the U.S., may be driven by consumer spending or the things seem like the momentum for last year is continuing? 
Dominic Casserley: Vic, why don't you take that question? 
Victor Krauze: Happy to. We have not really seen any signs of a slowdown yet, that's evidence itself in the business. It's a longer term sort of view we would have to take on that. I mean I can read the news like everyone else and surmise what might happen. But frankly, our new business activity is picking up and our pipelines are getting stronger. So until that changes, I'm going to retain my optimism. 
Meyer Shields: Good, glad to hear it. And Mike, 2 quick numbers questions if I can. Corporate expense still at about $25 million a quarter? And for Gras Savoye, should we expect the decline in income to be spread evenly over 2013? 
Michael Neborak: To answer your first question, your assumption is correct in the corporate expense. And as you know, as I mentioned, we typically in the Associates line, which is predominantly Gras Savoye, in the first quarter, it's very positive. So that positive will get reduced down versus the same quarter in 2012 and then the losses in the quarters 2, 3, and 4 will get a little bit higher. So it will be spread more or less evenly throughout the year, as best we can tell at this point. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes of SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: The goal of a sustainable revenue growth and then cost increases or cost leveraging, would you anticipate that you'd be able to achieve that, say, in North American and the International business by the end of the year or will that be a longer process? 
Dominic Casserley: Well I think Vic and Tim should commented on that, but I think it is our view that all our segments should be contributing on that basis. And that's what we're working towards. But Vic -- Vic why don't you go first and then Tim can talk about International. 
Victor Krauze: I think that from a North American perspective, we should be able to contribute. While there were some challenges in 2012 as I look at this business going forward, if we grow our revenues we will always -- I think we'll always intend to grow our expenses at a lower level. We managed to grow our producer headcount last year but we did not increase our S&B. And so we take a pretty disciplined view of the business and plan on continuing that. Tim? 
Timothy Wright: Thank you. I think it's a different story around the world but the conclusion is the same. As I've said before, in International, we have opportunities to grow actually in most markets, with us seeing those businesses that have experienced decline or low growth taking share in markets which are low growth markets such as Continental Europe, which we've shown in the fourth quarter in this year, and more than making the most of growth in emerging markets. And that revenue dynamic is reflected also in the costs, by creating opportunities for a positive spread, as Dominic described. So in different ways in different parts of the world, the same conclusion. 
Mark Hughes: Right. Rates in North America, how sustainable do you think the recent trend has been? Seems like at mid single-digit according to the broader survey. Do you think that is sustained here in 2013? 
Victor Krauze: This is Vic, and I think that they will be sustained. I think from -- based on what we're seeing that any increase in rates is flattened out. So the trend is not going up. But I don't expect any major changes in rate from the past couple of quarters as I look forward. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Ron Bobman of Capital Returns. 
Ron Bobman: Vic, you made a -- I'm sorry, not Vic -- Dominic, you made a comment regarding North America in Vic's business, and I think it was in the Q&A. Basically -- and I'm sort of putting words in your mouth, but it was something close to North America is on -- it has improved, it sort of turned around, it's going to be positive or improving from here. And I'm wondering if assuming I'm in sort of in the ballpark of what I think I heard you say, Vic, could you expand on that, please? 
Dominic Casserley: That's a little tough. Let me repeat what I said and then sort of sped up to answer you appropriately rather than having words put in his mouth. It is clear from what you have seen Vic report and say during 2012 and what we reported today that a number of indicators in North America are now turning the right way. We have growth in producers, we have positive organic revenue growth and many of the forward-looking indicators are positive. Now -- so that is all very good. And the pipelines that Victor's kept a very close eye on are looking strong, so that is all good. Now as we go through our strategic review, we are going to be looking at all our businesses around the world, all our businesses around the world, to make sure they can contribute fully to growth and margin expansion and that includes our businesses in Taiwan, that includes our businesses in North America. But the base in North America is clearly heading in the right direction, which is great news. With that, let me hand over to Vic for his commentary. 
Victor Krauze: Thanks, Dominic. All I can do is go back to what we actually started in 2011 and really try to drive through 2012, which is what I believe drives this business, and that's pipelines, that's recruiting and that's retention of our clients. Those are our leading indicators. We seem to be improving in each one of those. And so while we can't give guidance, all I can say is I feel like we are on the right path. 
Operator: At this time, we have no further questions. 
Dominic Casserley: Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you very much for your interest in Willis and taking part in this call. And we look forward to meeting many of you in person, and of course, preparing for that Investor Day I talked about in August. Thank you very much.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-24 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, please disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the conference over to Mr. Peter Poillon, Head of Investor Relations for Willis Group. You may begin. 
Peter Poillon: Thank you, and welcome to our Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. Our call today is hosted by Joe Plumeri, Willis Group Holdings Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. A webcast replay of the call can be accessed through the Investor Relations section of our website at www.willis.com. If you have any questions after the call, my direct line is (212) 915-8084.
 As we begin our call, let me remind you that we may make certain statements relating to future results which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated. These statements reflect our opinions only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update in light of new information or future events.
 Please refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and subsequent filings, as well as our earnings press release for a more detailed discussion of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release.
 I'll now turn the call over to Joe. 
Joseph Plumeri: Thanks, Peter. Hi, everybody, and thank you for joining our call today. You've read our news release, you've had a chance to look at our results. We're in London today, and like you, we've had a chance to read your preliminary reports. And we're going to limit our remarks today so we can quickly get to answering your questions. 
 So with me are Mike Neborak, our CFO; and Vic Krauze, our Head of North America. Both make comments after my introduction. With us are also Steve Hearn, Head of Willis Global; and Tim Wright, Head of Willis International. They're available if you want to drill deeply into those business units. But the most important thing is that we mix it up and we talk about the things that you want to talk about, and we have a lot of time for questions that you'll have. You all saw our news release last week and wrote about it, and I'm sure there are questions out there because it's the last time I'll sit in this seat to be able to answer them. Three months ago, you'll also recall you heard from Vic, Steve and Tim. It was important that you got their strategies from their mouths so that they've all been promoted into their positions within the last 2 years and you hadn't had a chance, obviously, to meet them. And the purpose of those calls was to give you a chance to understand what they were, with the direction they were taking their business in. And as you saw from our news release about the third quarter, the businesses are fully embarked on the strategies that they laid out for you in early August. 
 We're now in the fourth quarter, my last as CEO of Willis. The third quarter, and what we're talking about today, has been, I think, a watershed, one which the team strategies had put in place and all of those overhanging issues that we talked about over the last few calls are out the door. We're leaving a clean slate behind for Dominic, Steve, and what I think is an outstanding team. So the purpose here is to take your questions to eliminate any doubt that the noise has quieted. Your judgment should rest on the results that Willis delivers when its numbers are added up at the end of the fourth quarter, 3 of the costly and distracting issues you had to sift through these past months. So let's talk about the third quarter.
 When you unpack our 2% organic growth, Willis International is back to its historic range of 5% organic growth, aided by an impressive turnaround for our U.K. business. And Willis North America came in flat, both substantial improvements from the prior quarter. And you saw that Willis Global came in with 3% organic growth with some real standout performances within the unit. 
 The results are starting to come in, these are great leaders with great businesses. In January, Dominic will take over an outstanding company and a truly wonderful team. Recall that our second quarter earnings call, we laid out our reasons for optimism about the second half. 2% for the third quarter is not where we wanted to be as we talk to you today. Our optimism remains high, actually, right up to the end of the quarter. Without getting granular deal by deal, those final days of the quarter saw about $12 million of revenue deferred to the fourth quarter and beyond. It's just the way it goes sometimes. That equates to about 160 basis points of additional organic growth right there. So what happened? Most notably, a number of deals that our Willis Capital Markets team has been diligently working on haven't closed yet, waiting for regulatory sign-offs and the like. Those deals closed -- closest to closing, while not guaranteed to close in the fourth quarter, we feel fairly certain that the associated revenues will close in the near future. 
 Movement of revenues happened in this business. Take Venezuela for example. There was a delay in Insurance-buying there ahead of the recent presidential elections. People were worried about currency fluctuations. The political uncertainty there, in a country where we're dominant, had a real effect on our results. We also saw a noticeable deferral of revenues for future periods in China and South Africa. But none of these regional bumps down dull our genuine enthusiasm for our business and prospects that we laid out for you after the second quarter. To the contrary, you'll hear on this call, we progressed during the quarter, how North America is no longer negative, Willis UK achieved positive growth and our pipelines continue to improve. These are all important positive forward indicators that will set Dominic, Steve and the team up when the next time you'll meet. Let me offer a brief overview of the numbers before I pass the phone on to Mike.
 Our fully diluted adjusted earnings per share came in at $0.22. Excluding the $0.01 of positive foreign exchange, earnings were $0.21 per diluted share. That compares to a year-ago quarter of $0.41 per diluted share. Much as I would like to say no explanation is necessary, our underlying earnings results are better than they appear at first glance relative to the prior year results. So let me expand on my quote in the news release to provide some more background so I break it down for you and I explain why it doesn't look as it appears. 
 First, last year, our third quarter included the impact from a profitability initiative in our Reinsurance business that amounted to about $5 million or $0.02 a share. Those revenues did not recur. 
 Second, our third quarter results last year also included $5 million of expense benefits, from release of funds related to potential legal liabilities. We talked about those in some detail a year ago. That difference equals another $0.02 a share relative to prior year. 
 Third, in last year's results, we benefited from the catch-up tax adjustment to align our effective tax rate based on our year-to-date results at the time. That amounted to almost $0.05 a share. In the current quarter, we recorded a similar but far smaller tax adjustment. So that's another almost $0.05 differential. 
 Fourth, as I discussed last quarter, North America had a lopsided comparison related to the fraud we uncovered and reported earlier this year. And I know I'm tired about, talking about that fraud too, but it's over. That hurt our current quarter earnings by $0.01 relative to a year ago. The third quarter is the last quarter where we have a negative comparison related to that issue. 
 So you can do the math to pro forma last year's results and compare it to this quarter's results, and after you do that, obviously, we're still below last year's results, so there's a few other things I need you to keep in mind. One, consider that our current quarter investment income is $3 million, or about $0.01 lower, simply due to lower yields. Two, our Associate line, which primarily, Gras Savoye's most -- as most about, is about $12 million lower, and that is an after-tax figure. Gras Savoye, as discussed last quarter, is in the midst of an operational review this year that we expect will drive improved profitability in the future. And we said we expect far lower results this year relative to last year. 
 Now finally, if you weigh everything we just laid out and add to it the revenues that moved in the last few days of the quarter, you'll see a picture that emerges that's quite different from a headline reading, "Adjusted Earnings Per Share Falls $0.19". 
 So let me be clear as I say that. We own our numbers and I'm not making any excuses, but it's important that I clarify a lot of these comparisons for you. The discussion about one-off comparables this quarter to the prior quarter is simply offered to provide insight and a better understanding of our results year-over-year. Everyone at Willis is clear about what we need to do, our job is simply to generate more revenue in the periods ahead. I'll say that again, our job is to simply generate more revenue in the periods ahead. I am supremely confident in our ability to do just that. I'm equally confident in our business strategies and the teams that are executing those strategies. Our leadership team remains excited about growth opportunities throughout our businesses over the coming several quarters.
 Before I turn it over to Vic and Mike, let me run through some numbers and go into a little bit more detail on our businesses. 
 Organic commissions and fees growth for the company came in at 2%, as I said earlier. For North America, and you'll be hearing this in a minute from Vic, I'm pleased to report that organic commission and fees for the quarter are flat relative to the third quarter last year. Flat growth isn't usually something you're pleased about, so I'm not jumping for joy, but considering that last quarter, we were down 3% and dealing with a bumpy economy and uncertainty with healthcare reform, we consider this a strong achievement. And I believe Vic and his team are doing a great job of turning the business around. 
 And yes, if you were to put aside the impact of the fraudulent activity we talked about before, North America is actually up 1%. 
 For International, organic revenues were up 5%. That's a great uptick over the 2% growth we reported last year, and it's back in line with the unit's historical growth levels of 4% to 6%. If you remember, I said that International in the second quarter was an anomaly, and now you understand why. Importantly, within International, our Willis UK business returned to growth. The fresh numbers are a tribute to everyone in our U.K. business for making that happen. 
 Beyond the U.K., we saw a relative stability in our businesses within the eurozone, with Spain returning to growth, which is an amazing thing to do especially with the economy in Spain, and across the world as from several of our Latin American and Asian businesses. 
 Lastly, our Global segment exhibited steady growth in the third quarter, coming in at 3% year-to-date. Global has grown 5%. During the quarter, Global specs grew mid single-digits, with strong results from Financial Solutions, FINEX and Energy. Willis Faber & Dumas grew low single-digits even though it was one of those businesses that experienced a negative timing in the quarter. 
 Reinsurance came in slightly negative, but remembering that list of comparables that I laid out a few minutes ago, it also was one of those areas where the comparison between this third quarter and the last one was going to create an uneven picture. If you allowed for the exclusion of those nonrecurring prior year revenues, that business was up mid single-digits in the quarter. Willis re-performed particularly well in the International region, with very strong growth from our Asian and Latin American operations. All told, Willis Re has delivered significant growth year-to-date. 
 With that, I did want to ask Vic to join Mike and me on the call to give some positive things that we are doing to improve our financial results into the future. Vic? 
Victor Krauze: Thank you, Joe. I do want to start off by saying I am really looking forward to the day when North America joins International and Global in delivering sustained organic growth. And I can join Tim and Steve in being available solely for questions. As Joe mentioned, we're making good progress at Willis North America. While the flat number isn't what we were aiming for, it is definitely an improvement from recent quarters. And while we know it, it would have been in positive territory, if you exclude the fraud Joe mentioned, it's now in the rearview mirror. But we did feel it in our Human Capital business, where it accounted for approximately 400 basis points of the 5% decline in that business. 
 Within Human Capital, we are seeing some rate improvement. The impact of that rate has tempered a bit due to carrier compensation model shifts we've spoken about before. These shifts, as we said, are due to healthcare reform and rising healthcare costs.
 Despite those challenges, we expect this business to improve, thanks to significant investments we've made in regional resources to take advantage of the volatility presented by healthcare reform. 
 In a different area of our business, and it's been quite a while since we've been able to say this, Construction, our second largest business, saw a 1% growth this quarter. And it was driven by several new business wins in the Northeast. While we love this good news, we have to remain cautious on the overall Construction business as surety revenues continue to be impacted by lower rates. 
 Moving across our practices, we saw good results with financial services, M&A, tech and telecom, Financial and Executive Risk. And they all did well in the quarter.
 Also, across all of Willis North America, new business came in at low double-digits in the quarter. If you look at it sequentially, each quarter in 2012, we've seen increases at each juncture. That gives us a good deal of confidence that our growing pipeline is converting the new business. I'll talk more about those pipelines in a second. 
 I also know rates are very much on your mind, let me give you a brief update from our perspective. We continue to see improvement in certain lines in geographic regions during the quarter, but it was relatively modest. On property, we're seeing average increases of 5%, driven by cap-exposed risks, down slightly from last quarter. Non-cat is now flat year-over-year, as we predicted on our last earnings call, due to an abundance of capacity in the market and carriers looking to diversify their portfolios. In casualty, we saw an average of 4%, driven mainly by workers compensation, with liability increasing at a lesser amount. Also, we continue to see a positive rate in our FINEX business, up 3.5% on average. And as I said last quarter, the overall rate improvement so far in 2012 has not had a material impact on our revenue base. To the extent it's helped, it's been offset by Insurance program restructures and a reduction in products purchased. The economic environment remains a headwind, with many of our clients actively managing their Insurance expense. 
 So, echoing Joe's comments, it's good to put some of the noise in our comparables behind us, it's also good to see progress in our strategy to improve our business. But as I have said before, there's still more to do and we're busy doing it. 
 With my a few minutes remaining, I'd like to update you on 3 key initiatives we believe will improve the business: pipelines, recruiting and retention. First, on pipelines. Our rolling 12-month pipeline has now improved to 3x our new business goal, that was the target we gave our teams and I'm pleased we've achieved that target. Since January, our pipelines have roughly doubled and they continue to grow. That goal achieved, we're now increasingly focused on conversion of that pipeline. And I'm sure you're wondering about that conversion time for our pipeline. Unfortunately, it's a little difficult to answer. I expect you'll see some of our pipeline converting to revenues in as little as 6 to 9 months, depending on certain business, while other businesses can take up to 18 to 24 months. This all depends on the complexity of the account and the type of business. It's just important that you appreciate that there is a gestation period between the pipeline and our financial results.
 Second, we're continuing to build a sustainable recruiting platform that attracts experienced recruit -- producers to Willis. Our headcount remains positive for 2012 and we're still working towards a goal of increasing producer count 3% to 4% annually, while actively managing underperformers.
 Third and last, I am pleased with our retention rate of 91% in both the quarter and year-to-date. Building up our retention levels underpins our growth objectives. We're working hard to retain our current clients, ensuring we understand how they view our performance so we can make it better. 
 Beyond those 3 priorities, we also continue to expand our Sales 2.0 rollout across North America. Through the first 9 months of the year, we've held around 1,700 Sales 2.0 meetings with clients and prospects. Of those, we've converted over 18% of those meetings into new business wins. We've trained over 2,600 of our Associates in the Sales 2.0 process, and close to 600-plus producers are using the process as they interact with clients and prospects. That's a good start to a program that I take very seriously. I fully expect it will continue to gain traction amongst our Sales Associates and drive increased revenue. 
 So overall, I'm pleased with the progress we're making in North America. The economy notwithstanding, I firmly believe that if we maintain and execute on our 3-tier strategy of improved pipelines, increased producer headcount, improved retention levels, we'll return to delivering solid organic growth and improved margins. 
 With that, I'll turn it over to Mike. 
Michael Neborak: Thank you, Vic, and hello, everyone. In reviewing the numbers, all comparisons are to Q3 2011 unless otherwise noted. All references to adjusted figures exclude those items that we disclosed in the supplemental financial information in our press release. 
 Reported net income was $26 million or $0.15 per diluted share. That compares to $60 million or $0.35 per diluted share. Excluding the impact of adjusting items, adjusted net income was $38 million or $0.22 per diluted share, that compares to $72 million or $0.41 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2011. Now let me provide some more detail on the adjusted figures. Excluded from adjusted net income in the current quarter is an $11 million settlement with our former joint venture partner in India, recorded in other operating expenses and the related $1 million loss from dissolving that joint venture. This settlement will allow Willis to move forward with a new partner in India where we believe there is great opportunity for growth. 
 Excluded from adjusted net income in the third quarter of 2011 was $15 million of expenses related to our 2011 operational review. $7 million of that cost was recorded in salaries and benefits while $8 million was recorded in other operating expenses. As noted in our press release, foreign currency fluctuations positively impacted our third quarter 2012 results by $0.01 per share. In total, foreign exchange reduced revenue by $17 million and reduced operating expenses by $21 million, producing the $0.01 per share benefit. The $21 million expense benefit was broken out: $13 million to the salary and benefit line, and $8 million to other operating expenses. 
 Now let me talk more about expenses. Total reported expenses were up $14 million or 2.1% from $670 million to $684 million. Total adjusted expenses increased by $17 million from $655 million to $672 million, or 2.6%. When the $21 million benefit from foreign exchange is excluded, underlying growth in our total adjusted expenses was $38 million or 5.8%. That 5.8% can be broken down in terms of underlying salary and benefit growth of 6.8% and underlying growth in other operating expenses of 3.6%.
 As a reminder, our third quarter 2011 other operating expenses were favorably impacted by a $5 million release of funds related to liabilities that were not -- that did not show up. There was no similar benefit in our third quarter 2012 results. Excluding the impact of that expense credit in Q3 2011, expense growth was 5% in the current quarter.
 Let me expand on the 5.8% underlying growth in total adjusted expenses by business unit. In North America, total expenses grew $8 million to $9 million, which is about 3.5%. International expenses grew just shy of 7%, and expenses in Global grew a little bit over 8%. But I'll remind or I'll mention that excluding the nonrecurring expense credits which were in that business, adjusted expense growth in Global would have been 5.5%. The important point here is that our expense increase is focused on our higher revenue growth in margin businesses.
 Recall from previous discussions, we commented that in 2011, we were investing in new hires in key geographic regions such as Latin America and Asia. At the same time, we were developing our infrastructure and investing in support areas of the company such as compliance, our new European data center, our operations in Mumbai and in investment technology. So as you would expect, we're seeing the increased run rate of those investments here in 2012. Year-to-date, total adjusted expenses grew 4.1% excluding foreign exchange. 
 Now let me tell you about salaries and benefit, which as you know, is the largest component of our expense base. Adjusted salaries and benefits were up approximately 4%, or $20 million from $482 million to $502 million in the current quarter. Excluding the $13 million of positive foreign exchange I referred to earlier, salaries and benefits, that growth was $33 million or 6.8%. You should note that on our salary and benefit line, excluding the favorable impact of foreign exchange, has been very consistent over the first 3 quarters this year, coming in each quarter in a narrow range of $512 million to $515 million. In contrast, last year, our SMB line declined throughout the year as we benefited from actions taken in our operational review.
 Another factor which increased our SMB line this quarter is that we incurred unexpected salary and benefit increases in Latin America, totaling over $3 million for a number of reasons, including mandatory pay raises in Venezuela driven by the presidential elections. Year-to-date, adjusted salaries and benefits grew 4.3% excluding foreign exchange. 
 The other large component, other operating expenses, that line on an adjusted basis was down $3 million or 2.2% in the quarter from $138 million to $135 million. But if you exclude the $8 million favorable impact from foreign exchange, other operating expenses grew by $5 million or 3.6%. All of that growth can be attributed to the $5 million of expense credits recorded in the third quarter of last year that did not recur this year. Year-to-date, adjusted other operating expenses increased close to 4.2% excluding foreign exchange.
 There were many comments overnight about our operating margin and the disappointment with it, so let me explain why our adjusted operating margin contracted 290 basis points from 13.8% in Q3 of 2011 to 10.9% this quarter. First, 40 basis points of that contraction came from lower investment income. Obviously, there's little we can do about that in the current yield environment. And then we saw the impact of nonrecurring items. 60 basis points from the nonrecurrence of expense credits, 40 basis points from Chicago fraudulent activity, 40 basis points from the elevated Latin American salary and benefit expenses and 60 basis points from the nonrecurrence of the Reinsurance profitability initiative. 
 To summarize, we had approximately 200 basis points of negative impact on our margin from the nonrecurrence of several items that occurred in the third quarter of last year. Some of that was offset by 70 basis points of beneficial foreign exchange, so that leaves 120 basis points of the decline from adjusted expense growth exceeding revenue growth. On a tax side, if you exclude the impact of certain nonrecurring items, the estimated effective annual tax rate for the quarter and the 9 months was 24%. The number that you'll see in the press release, if you do the math, is about 26%. That's purely because the adjusting item I referred to in terms of the India joint venture cost is not tax-deductible for tax purposes, so that elevates our book tax rate.
 At this point, we expect the 2012 effective rate to be approximately 24%. Let me touch on the Associates line, which as you all know is primarily Gras Savoye. For the quarter, that line recorded a loss of $2 million, consistent with what we've told you last quarter and compared to net income of $10 million in the year-ago period. This is a $12 million swing or $0.07 per share. I also said last quarter that we expect the Associates line for the full year 2012 to be down $6 million to $7 million versus 2011, including our expectations for Q4 to show a loss of $5 million to $6 million. 
 On our balance sheet, total debt outstanding at the end of the quarter was approximately $2.4 billion, and our debt-to-adjusted EBITDA on a latest 12-month basis is approximately 2.7x. During the third quarter, we generated approximately $150 million of cash from operations. We had positive contributions from working capital. Capital expenditures in the quarter were about $34 million. We repaid $30 million of our revolver, leaving a balance outstanding of $20 million, and repurchased approximately 1.2 million shares of our stock at a total cost of $42 million. We've now completed the $100 million share buyback that we announced earlier in the year. 
 And finally, at September 30, our cash and cash equivalents on our balance sheet amounted to $424 million. That compares to $407 million at June 30. And with that, I'll turn it back to Joe. 
Joseph Plumeri: Thanks, Mike. Before I offer some concluding remarks, it's important that I comment on one additional matter that was included in our earnings release last night. Here's the background. Willis has nearly $1.8 billion of goodwill related to North America as of September 30. The majority of that goodwill was recognized when we made our acquisition of HRH back in 2008. Each year, we're required by, as you know, U.S. GAAP accounting rules to test goodwill vigorously for impairment. Willis regularly performs this test in the fourth quarter and we're in this early stages of that work right now. The test, as you also know, is very technical in nature, a lot of science, and requires a determination of the fair value of the segment. We conduct this test by doing a thorough analysis of our past results and a conservative estimate of future projections. As you've heard before and heard again from me and Vic today, the North America segment results lagged over the past few years as its 2 biggest businesses, Employee Benefits and Construction, have been hit hard by the economic downturn in the U.S. The unit was also hindered by integration issues, stemming from the HRH acquisition, which included producer defections that we've all talked about before. 
 As such, at this time, we expect that they -- that we will record a onetime, noncash goodwill impairment charge for our North American unit during the fourth quarter, which may be material to our earnings reported on a GAAP basis. At this stage, we don't have an estimate or a range for the amount of the expected charge. As soon as we finalize the analysis, we'll file an 8K and certainly disclose the amount. 
 Now it's not unreasonable for you as investors and analysts, to ask if this potential goodwill impairment contradicts our view of North America's prospects going forward. It's natural for you to suggest that. I don't believe it does. If we incur the impairment charge, we'll do so because it's the prudent and responsible measure based on specific accounting requirements and because of continuing uncertainty in the market. And so, until the North America results objectively demonstrate sustained growth, we as prudent managers of our business, believe we are following the appropriate course of action. But let me add, we remain very optimistic about the growth opportunities of North America business and are passionate about delivering growth there. We're confident about the future because as Vic outlined for you, we believe our pipelines are solid, our producer headcount is growing, our retention is steady, and repeating what we've said before, we believe the integration issues are fully beyond us -- behind us. So in sum, Vic and his team are positioned for real progress going forward. 
 As I conclude, let me also address one other question that I know is on your mind, having read your reports. You, our investors and analysts, and me, have had an open and honest transparent dialogue for 12 years. You've asked, I've answered and importantly, we, Willis, have delivered handsomely for our shareholders. You've made mention about who will next sit in this chair to answer your questions and deliver your results. You've written that our CEO-elect, Dominic Casserley, had a stellar CV, with 30 years at McKinsey, working for the best companies in our industry. Well, you've also said you don't know him and haven't a chance to meet him. Let me tell you something, that when you do, I think you'll agree with me and our Board that he's an outstanding choice to lead our firm along with Steve Hearn, making the decisions, building and growing the business in the best traditions of Willis, a firm with 184 years of proud history, and the last 12 of which I've been honored as its steward. 
 But for the third quarter and the next 2 months or so, the fourth quarter, the duty is mine, the results are mine and the responsibility is mine. And so before I take your questions, let me conclude on a couple of remarks. The quarterly results did not come in the way wanted them to. As a management team, we were disappointed, we anticipated, that we last spoke, it would be better. That said, we remain optimistic about our business going forward, we try to explain what happened. 
 As you've heard from us today, the forward indicators for growth are in place, they're working, and we remain excited about the future. All of the negative comparisons to the prior year's created by such things as Loan Protector, the fraudulent activity, the expense credits, and all the other items that we've explained in, I think, gory detail, are all behind us. There is nothing that we know about between now and the end of the year that's going to come up. Unless there's some surprise, everything is behind us. The fourth quarter is a clean slate. I speak on behalf of everyone here at Willis when I say with affirmation, that we are looking forward to presenting clean and clear financial results going forward. 
 Before I ask if you have any questions and I'm sure you do, since this is my last call, a lot of you have covered Willis since I began this great adventure 12 years ago. Every one of these calls, numbering almost 48, have been balanced. They've been courteous, you've been professional, and you've treated me with a great deal of dignity and I can't tell you how much I appreciate that. Moreover, not only have you been balanced and professional, but you have trusted me, trusted what I have told you, and they gave me a credibility that I have been very, very honored and feel very honored to have been given. So I want to thank you, for this is my last opportunity, for having been given the opportunity to serve this company and serve you, and to give you the kind of returns that we have given you, and I am very, very proud of and proud of this company, so I want to thank you very much for everything that you have done for me and your support. Now I'll turn it over for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is from Greg Locraft with Morgan Stanley. 
Gregory Locraft: Thanks, Joe, and congratulations on the upcoming transition. And certainly, it's been a great ride. You've done a great job growing revenues considerably, earnings and the stock price. So hats off. So since you are on the Board and going to stay on the Board, can you give us a little color behind what attracted the Board to Dominic in the search process? What were the attributes? And I know you did go into it a little bit, but what specifically over other candidates really, really stood out at the Board level for him? 
Joseph Plumeri: Well, I think that -- and I'm not giving out all the gory details, I mean, obviously, when you hear from him, this is a man who's been at McKinsey, 29 years. But more importantly than that, as a global figure, he's lived in the United States, he's lived in Asia, he opened our operation in Asia, he's run the Global operation out of London, he's traveled the world, he understands the globe, this is a global company. He's advised financial services companies, a lot of them all over the world, he's very, very involved in and knowledgeable in insurance and financial services. I don't think that when you look at that kind of background, the globality, the experience and the fact that he understands these businesses, puts him in a better position to be able to lead this country into -- the company into the future. I think it's all about taking it to the next level, they're all passages we go through. When you look at what he's done, and you look at the next level we need to take it through, I don't think they could have made a better decision. 
Gregory Locraft: Okay, great. Any -- you'll be Chairman of the Board for a bit, so you'll be his boss in the early days. Any sort of specific things that you'll be watching for in the first 6 months or so? 
Joseph Plumeri: I'm going to make sure he stays in shape. 
Gregory Locraft: Okay, great. Shifting gears, on the capital deployment side, you did exhaust the buybacks in the quarter. I assume there's no more coming in 2012 and will then revisit that in 2013? 
Joseph Plumeri: Yes. 
Gregory Locraft: Okay, great. And then last, on the goodwill charge, $1.8 billion in North America is obviously almost 2/3 of the total equity of the company. Any kind of covenant issues or anything to call out at this point in time on your debt outstanding that might -- equity owners might not be as focused on right now as you go through that process? 
Joseph Plumeri: None whatsoever. 
Operator: Our next question is from Adam Klauber with William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: As we look going forward in a challenging economic environment, it doesn't seem like in the U.S. or globally we're growing quite rapidly. What do you think the key is to balancing continuing to grow the producer for us yet hold expenses in line? 
Joseph Plumeri: Well I think that -- I think a couple of things. I think that if you look at the experience of the last 3 or 4 years, it's pretty obvious that the results and the fact that we haven't grown the earnings per share has been predominantly due to the acquisition that we made. I think somebody made a comment that I read overnight that it was a mistake. It was not a mistake. I think it was bad timing, that had we known the world was going to fall apart, I'm not sure the decision would've been made. But it was not a mistake. I guarantee you 3 or 4 years from now or even sooner, somebody's going to look back and the history is more clear indicator than current events are. So I do not think it was a mistake. I think it purely and in a great foundation supported the fact that we have locations all over North America that will serve the middle market very well and beyond. I don't think growing the producer headcount is -- when you see that, lots of you always believe because we talked about this before, that that's going to mean that the expenses are going to go and it'll go up a lot. The expenses in North America had been kept to a very low minimum. So we have room in North America as we begin to grow the revenue and we put a lot of the comparables and the issues that we've talked about behind us, I think we have enough room on the expense side to be able to use the money, to grow the headcount and to be able to grow the revenues as that's happening. So I mean the lowest expense growth in the company has been North America. So I think there's room to selectively recruit, Vic's doing a lot of that now, so don't believe that the expenses are going to go up through the roof just because we're going to increase our headcount and is going to be selectively at that. Vic, do you want to add anything to that? 
Victor Krauze: The only thing I'd add, Joe, is our target is to grow our producer headcount 3% to 4% a year on a net basis. That's 30, 35 producers. That is not exorbitant producer recruiting in my mind. 
Joseph Plumeri: And also remember that I think that the worst of the employee benefit and the Construction issues, as Vic said, are behind us. In the last quarter, we didn't mention this, but the Employee Benefit business, in terms of new accounts, grew substantially. And that is very heartening for the Employee Benefits going forward. So I think when you start to see the revenues improve in North America and you start to see the headcount go up nicely. We have not had, as Vic mentioned in the last call, any defections of any note for now almost a year in North America. And you're starting to see a runoff that's now getting very, very slim as it relates to the defections that occurred in '10 and '11. So all the stuff are starting to come together and you're going to start to see the cleanliness of North America start to show. 
Adam Klauber: And one other follow-up. We think Global, which has been for the highest growth unit, Reinsurance has been one of your -- --  probably the primary driver of growth there. As that market softens a little and probably gets more competitive, can Reinsurance still be the driver that it was and are there any other segments of the business that can come up and take its place? 
Joseph Plumeri: I think a lot of the answer to that question has to do with a lot of restructuring that Steve is doing. I'll let him answer the question. 
Steven Hearn: Yes. Thanks, Joe. I think probably a couple of comments. Firstly, relative market share. You're absolutely right, the Reinsurance business has been at the heart of driving the growth in our Global segment. It's roughly half of the Global's turnover and significant profit driver for Global and for the company more generally. But we have relative market share to look at in terms of where we are in that business. So if you took Europe, we have dominant market share in some industry sectors in some countries. If you looked at somewhere like North America, arguably the most mature reinsurance environment, our market share would be in high single digits. And if you took our 2 larger competitors of the intermediated business, their market share would be as much as north of 70% of that market. So we have huge space to grow even somewhere like that. If I get to China, an emerging reinsurance opportunities, again significant growth potential for us. As Joe said, this touches on the more strategic work that we've been doing in terms of transformation of Global as well in so far, as I've talked about in the previous couple of calls, the transformation that we've been doing in Global in terms of connecting our reinsurance and insurance and placement businesses more closely together, and I think through there you'll see good growth. One of the things with Reinsurance, as you may know, is the success of the this year is actually born out of the results of next year. And I can tell you, we've had a very good run of new business wins around the world during this year and should bode well for next year. 
Operator: Our next question is from Mark Hughes with SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: The International business expense is up 7%. It sounds like there was some unusual items in the quarter. What should we expect for expense growth there over the next 6 months? 
Joseph Plumeri: I'll ask -- answer the first part of the question. We had a couple -- as Mike said to you, we had a couple of unusual items in South America, where we had to give raises to everybody in Venezuela prior to the election. It's a good way to get elected, by the way. Just make sure to buy -- get the raise and make them feel good when they go to the polls. And we have a big operation we dominate in Venezuela. That's where everybody buy raises there and a few other unusual items that jack the expenses up. So they really were not ongoing operational expenses. So they were much lower than that. Tim, you want to answer the second part of the question? 
Timothy Wright: Yes, Joe. I think that's absolutely right. There are a number things together that drove up expenses in this quarter. One was Venezuela situation as we've talked about. Second was some restructuring of certain operations that we're looking to turn around, which we've talked about on prior calls. Also, we are investing in this business. We see a lot of growth potential in certain parts of the world and we've invested behind that. So these are out of line with long-term expense expectations. 
Mark Hughes: Any comments on the International business especially in Europe, Spain returning to growth, U.K. was positive. How about -- and it sounds like you're taking a share, how about the underlying demand for Insurance? How did it fare this quarter compared to prior quarters? 
Timothy Wright: That's absolutely right. Obviously, U.K. and the rest of Europe is a considerable part of our business and the economic environment that we face there probably means that the overall market we're operating in is flat or down. The evidence that we have is that we are taking share in those markets. It varies from country to country. And actually, we think there continues to be share-taking opportunities across the U.K. and the European market. So we think we're actually doing well in a difficult environment. 
Operator: Our next question is from Dan Farrell with Sterne Agee. 
Dan Farrell: Can you talk a little bit more about some of the underlying trends at Gras Savoye and maybe some of the strategies that are being put in place there on a go-forward basis? And then I apologize if you've commented on -- but if you haven't on guidance for both the affiliate line and the amount of interest line for 2013, if you can give us any indications of what you're thinking on that? 
Joseph Plumeri: Well, the first part of that Gras Savoye, I'll answer, is that we're going through in Gras Savoye, as we've talked about before. We have a new CEO who is looking at the business, doing operational review and you're going to see that take place over the course of the next 12 months or so. We feel very good about Gras Savoye, we feel very good about our affiliation, our possibilities in the future. The company is run by one person for 37 years and bringing new face in with a fresh attitude strategically and operationally is just going to take a little time. And to get rid of a lot of cost in a place like Gras Savoye is not so easy. In France, there's a lot of things that you got to go through. So I don't want to get more specific other than generally to tell you that there'll be a big operational review, and I think that will breed a lot of profits for us in the future as the years go by. And you got to remember too, they got great strength in part parts of the world that will be, I think, very fertile economically in the years to come, especially Africa where there's 27 locations. So at one point in time in the future, Dominic and the rest of the team will be looking at 30-plus locations in Africa alone. So this all bodes very, very well. As it relates to 2013, I can only tell you we haven't given guidance, but I can tell you that you enter the fourth quarter, as I said earlier, without these comparisons that we've gone through, without this baggage that we constantly said, without these comments like without this and without that, it would have been this, it's done, it's over. These comparisons are gone and I feel very good about the fact that and so is the team, is that now you'll start to see the real Willis start to emerge in the fourth quarter and beyond and we feel very good about that. 
Operator: Our next question is from Bob Glasspiegel with Langen McAlenney. 
Robert Glasspiegel: You're a large shareholder of Willis and we're going to sort of watch whether your shareholder matches your words of optimism. What should we expect to see about your holdings looking out over the next few years? 
Joseph Plumeri: I've been in this business, the stock business, Bobby, with you for a long time. That's why we've known each other for a long time. And usually, what happens is that when you buy stocks, you like to buy industries that you know and management that you know and businesses that you know. I don't think I know anyone better than this. Other than the fact that because I've been the CEO, I've had to, and I am honestly answering this question, I have not sold a lot of stock over a 12-year period of time. We all have personal responsibilities and things of that nature that we have to have in terms of diversification, but I will tell you that once I get over that bit and get over the personal claims that you have to do, you will see that the preponderance of my holdings will stay intact. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Okay. We will look and see whether you're seeing what you're doing outside of Willis with great interest. 
Joseph Plumeri: I'll let you know. 
Robert Glasspiegel: You used the word clean slate I think to describe the goodwill accounting charge. Are you saying that you therefore scrubbed the entire balance sheet and we shouldn't look for any further charges beyond the goodwill? Because normally, when you get a management transition change, insurance 101, management, as you take charges, blame it on the prior management team and give yourself a little  legal room to manage through the future. I guess the question is, how carefully have you scrubbed the balance sheet to allow Dominic the clean slate that you say is good? 
Joseph Plumeri: I can't speak for him, Bobby. But obviously, he's going to do what he should do and I obviously would endorse anything that he believes should happen. But from this perspective right now, from a balance sheet point of view, it's clean. What he decides to do is something for him to analyze and for him to talking about. I can't make any predictions about that. But from a technical point of view, and as you say 101, that's a clean balance sheet. There's nothing in the balance sheet that is unclean about it. But as it relates to future charges, I can't make predictions about that. 
Operator: Our next question is from Al Copersino with Columbia Management. 
Al Copersino: You gave a little bit more clarity around the coming goodwill charge. You said it may be material to GAAP earnings. I don't recall if the GAAP earnings phrase was in the release. Material to GAAP earnings, my understanding, is means more than 10% of revenues. Are you able to give us any sizing around that? 
Joseph Plumeri: I can't. I simply wanted to make sure that I covered all the bases. I really don't know. If I knew, I'd tell you. That's why I'm giving you a heads-up about the fact that the probability exists and I say material simply because it's a possibility. So I want to get it all in. I simply do not know. But as soon as we know our 8-K, you'll know. I don't want to get you blindsided. 
Al Copersino: Right. Another question then was on the expense front. And looking through the press release, it seemed like some of the third Q 2011 items were one-off favors that you were looking at the and some of the third quarter 2012 items are ongoing negatives. So I didn't quite take the comfort that the paragraph perhaps was meant to give me about the margin comparison. Could you react to that? 
Joseph Plumeri: So as it relates to the third quarter 2011, most of those were nonrecurring. But in terms of the current quarter, the Chicago fraud activity is nonrecurring. The elevated Latin America expenses, they've become elevated and they stay there, they're not going to continue to elevate, at least as much as we know. So I would characterize that is nonrecurring in terms of getting to that level. And then, those are really the 2 items in the current quarter, which added up to 80 basis points. The other 2 items I referred to were really the absence of those from the third quarter 2011. When you take -- let me just add something to that, if I can, Al. What he said also was is that when all of that sorted itself out, we were still 120 basis points decline if you took that into consideration. If you add back on our revenue side, the things that did not hit or deferred, which were greater than 120 basis points, then this margin picture would look much different and so would the earnings per share. 
Al Copersino: That's helpful, I appreciate that. If I can sneak one more in, if that's okay. Joe, you referenced the revenues that were pushed into the fourth quarter, perhaps beyond that, I guess my question is, I assume there's always a movement back and forth of revenues, if you get of revenues in the third quarter that perhaps were originally expected in the second quarter and so on. Could you give us a sense for what the gives and takes where this quarter? Where there some revenues this quarter that perhaps had been expected 3 months earlier? What's the net impact of that move? 
Joseph Plumeri: That's a legitimate question. There's always going to be, on a quarterly basis, because of the nature of the business, Al, a movement here or there. I will tell you, though, that in this particular quarter, the movement has been more profound than usual. As a matter of fact, more profound that I've ever seen it. That's why I went into detail earlier in my comments. When I said up until a couple of weeks before the end of the quarter, there was $12 million movement where our expectation was much greater than the 2% that you saw. So I would tell you that, yes, you're right, there's always movement here or there but much more profound this time. For example, in Willis Capital Markets, there are deals that have already been announced that simply had not closed that were supposed close in the third quarter that amounted to a large part of that $12 million. Then you add on the China that I talked about, you add on the Venezuela that I talked about and some other items. And all of a sudden, you're not looking at 2%, you're looking at well over 4% and close to 5%. So that's how profound the quarter was so when you get rid of those comparisons and you add back in the things that should hit and all of the issues that my associates have talked about, you get that much different picture of what Willis is and that's why I think you should judge it when you see the fourth quarter. And you've got to remember also, my colleagues remind me, that the third quarter is the smallest quarter for us. 
Al Copersino: So have to see more volatility. I got it. That's very helpful. I appreciate it. 
Operator: Our next question is from Josh Shanker with Deutsche Bank. 
Joshua Shanker: So, just tagging onto Al's question a little bit. If we went through it segment by segment, trying to figure out what normalized organic growth is, taking out all the usual items for comparables, where would we be by each segment? 
Joseph Plumeri: It's tough to do that because if I do that, I'm giving you close to guidance as possible in estimates and then in the next quarter, you're going to be all over Dominic and say, Joe said this and Joe said that. I can tell you the following, that International is now shown itself to be more normal than the anomaly in the second quarter. And I think it's pretty responsible to say that we're comfortable in that area. In Global, I think we said it correctly, it showed 3%, but if you took away the profitability initiative that was mentioned earlier, it's really 5% and I made a mention of that. So 5%, 6% area is what's more normalized. I feel that there's comfort there. I'm looking at Steve and I'm saying that that's not a guesstimate, that's what's really been running. In Vic's case, he gave you a good sense of Employee Benefits, so I gave you a good sense of Employee Benefits. He's given you a good sense of pipelines, he's given you a good sense that Construction might be a little bit better than what we've experienced over the last 4 years. We've had no defections. We got the tail end of the weight of accounts leaving, which obviously, disallows us to show real growth because of the weight of what's rubbing up against it. So when you look at all of that together, you're looking at, I think, a revenue picture that we feel very confident about going into the future quarters that will exceed our expense growth. 
Joshua Shanker: I'll take it. And then on the North American segment, if we look at the commentary from carriers and we look at just the somewhat small growth that we're seeing in the U.S. economy, your commentary is that you're getting rate but it's being offset by negative exposures. Why, from your seat, are you still seeing negative exposure in the North American segment, which contradicts what we're hearing from carriers in the broader economy? 
Victor Krauze: This is Vic. The overall rate impact that we actually see across of our revenue basis is maybe is less than 1.5 points. So it's not significant rate impact that we're seeing and it's spread across different lines and different geographies. And then you'd take a look at the surety business, which is actually quite compressed and when you're only growing 1% x the issues we talked about, it doesn't take a lot to make an impact. So it's -- when we're growing 4% or 5% in the future, which I hope to one day, then it would be a less of an issue. 
Joseph Plumeri: I also think that it's important, Josh, to mention because I tried to read as many of the reports with regard to the insurance companies and rates. I don't know that they make a distinction well enough between the renewable book and the new business. The renewal book, it's higher rates than the new business does because you're fighting for new business and there's a pressure for rate there. So it's certainly firmer than it was, but I don't know that if you break it down geographically, by product area, new, renewable, et cetera, you're going to get the same kind of picture that's being shown. And in addition to that, our job as brokers is to get the cheapest possible price that we can for our clients. And a lot of cases, people forget that our brokers are trying their very, very hard to do that on a day in and day out basis. Throw the exposures in, throw the higher deductibles in, throw the economy in. In a lot of cases, businesses look at insurance cost as a T&E. It's an expense and they try to get it down as much as possible, especially when the businesses aren't growing. So I've looked at that and I've questioned that. And Vic will tell you, I'm looking at him as we're talking, what about rate, what's going on here, they're getting ready, I talk about all the time. I'm pretty convinced that we are doing what we could as brokers and that we're not allowing rate to get away from this, if you will. 
Joshua Shanker: Well, I appreciate the comments. 
Operator: Our next question is from Meyer Shields with Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Meyer Shields: A couple of questions again on the expense side. In North America, we're talking about 3% or 4% headcount growth and we typically see the revenues lag the initial expenses when there is recruitment, and then there's sort of a normal upward influence on salaries and benefits and so on. Does that mean that organic expense growth in North America is somewhere in the 5% to 6% range? 
Joseph Plumeri: No, I really don't think it does. Actually, if I look at SMB for the year-to-date, it's down across North America while we've actually still are growing our producer headcount. The discretion costs are down. We actually watch the expense line very carefully and it's a difficult needle to thread, to grow your headcount in areas you want to grow while still managing the overall business. But I actually feel very comfortable with where we stand on that. 
Victor Krauze: As I've said, Meyer, I think the best expense controls, because we have had an unpredictable ability to able to know what our revenue growth will be, the biggest discipline we've had, the best discipline we've had in expenses has been in North America. Starting way back with acquisition, where we took a lot of cost out, because of the economic depression that we were in, so I'll have any issues, nor should you, with regard to expenses in North America and going forward. The issue is a revenue issue, it is not at expense issue. 
Joseph Plumeri: The other point, Meyer, that Vic was referring to, when the referred 3% to 4%, he was referring to the producer population, not the employee base in North America, which are much different. Producer population is about 800-plus total employees. 
Victor Krauze: The total headcount is down. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. What was the total headcount? I'm sorry, I missed that number. 
Joseph Plumeri: The headcount for North America, he was talking about 3%, 4% with regard to the producer headcount going up. The total headcount in North America has gone down for 4 years. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. What percentage of North American employees are producers? 
Victor Krauze: The 800 out of a number that's somewhere between 5,000 and 6,000 people. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. All right. That clearly makes the difference. 
Victor Krauze: That's why he said 3% or 4% is 30 people. 
Meyer Shields: Okay. That's very helpful. When we look at the revenue shift that you're talking about this fourth quarter, we're looking at $12 million, but I understand it's a bunch of different pieces. Are all those revenues already booked in the third quarter or are there any revenues -- I'm sorry, are all these expenses already included in the third quarter? Are any of those get pushed out until revenue can actually be booked? 
Joseph Plumeri: I can't think of -- I'm thinking through -- the reason I'm hesitating is I'm trying to think through if any expense will follow and I can't think of anything other than the bonuses that are normally accrued. But operational expense has already been taken so the revenue has yet to come. 
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Nannizzi with Goldman Sachs. 
Eric Fraser: It's Eric Fraser for Mike. A quick follow-up on America exposures. Are you seeing any bifurcation between smaller and larger accounts? 
Joseph Plumeri: I don't really think so. I think every client out there is looking for ways to manage their Insurance cost, so I don't think we could really come up with a segment for you on that line. 
Eric Fraser: Okay. And then can you just reiterate that if there are any one-offs in 4Q '11 that we should be aware of as we think about comparison to the fourth quarter of this year? 
Joseph Plumeri: None. As I said earlier, at this moment, as I speak, all of the comparables, the negative comparables are gone. I can't speak for something that will happen in the next couple of months that I don't know about like Venezuela came up in the last quarter, but there's nothing that I know about at this juncture that's a negative that still exists. 
Eric Fraser: Sure thing. And then just one last piece of handing over a clean slate might be considered a litigation. Can you provide any update on the Stanford proceedings? 
Joseph Plumeri: I'd give you an update on the Stanford proceedings in that there is nothing new from the last time we spoke. My General Counsel is sitting next to me, Adam Rosman. Adam, is there anything you want to add? 
Adam Rosman: The only thing I'd add is a key part of the case, the key part of the case to be that of Supreme Court's review. And they recently have asked the Associate General for his opinion on whether the Supreme Court should take the case. We view that as a positive development. Can't obviously predict it, but most importantly, as we've said for the beginning, we will fight this case every step of the way and we believe it's baseless. 
Operator: Our next question is from Brett Huff with Stevens. 
Brett Huff: Two questions, one in the goodwill write-down. I know you can't really size it for us yet because it's in process, but could you give us -- is there something that you would all see now that you didn't see, I guess, last fourth quarter or even the fourth quarter before that when you did these annual reviews? Any insight on that, that drove the particular trigger this time that you can tell us? 
Joseph Plumeri: No. As I said in my comments and now I'll say in the vernacular, when you go through the process of looking at impairment, there are strict bridges and architectural procedures that are very scientific that almost suggest that you have to guarantee that growth takes place. And we go through those scientific procedures, that gap allows you or forces you to do, you can't come up with that science that makes a predictable, especially in an uncertain economy and an uncertain world. That's the reason why we're going through the impairment process. That's the science of it. From our point of view, I'm looking at pipelines, I'm looking at retention, I'm looking at all the things that we talked about, and my feeling about North America is much different than what that science forces me to do. And so when I look at it scientifically and I have to on a GAAP basis reinforce that the predictability of North America based upon the that bridge, which is very scientific, it I can't do that. So my prudence tells me that you've got to be able to look toward impairment. 
Brett Huff: That's helpful. And then the second question is more of a trend on Construction. We haven't heard a lot of good news on Construction in a while. Can you give us some more color on that? And I guess, specifically, it sounds like it might have been more Northeast. Is that an isolated item, is it share-taking, is it a restarting generally that you're seeing a broader trend? Any comments there? 
Victor Krauze: This is Vic, I'll jump in here. It's actually rewarding to see some growth in Construction. It's been made many, many quarters since we've been able to claim that, and that business has struggled really since 2008 for us. Actually, at the start of this quarter, as I travel the country and I talked to our Construction teams and I look around the environment, I was heartened to see and I would -- by this is very cautious optimism that dirt was starting to move, projects were starting to be let, our teams are starting to feel like they are having more activity and I was hopeful that would translate into some more new business. It was not just the Northeast. We're actually starting to see more activity around the country. It hasn't all translated into business yet. And my teams would be very cautiously optimistic again as I remind you. But we had new business on the P&C side. We have some projects going. Surety holds it back still, market is still soft. But I'm cautiously optimistic. And as their second-largest business, it's one that if Construction does take off like I hope it will, it will bode well for Willis North America and Willis Group. 
Brett Huff: And is it mostly new or is it restarting of existing? 
Victor Krauze: I would say it's all of the above. Contractors that are currently operating at 1/3 of what they used to do in 2006, 2007 are starting to see a pickup in their business. Projects that had not had funding and had not been built, they're starting to happen. It's all of the above. I think Construction hit its bottom and we're starting to see some signs of life. I what to see that translate into several quarters of growth before I have a parade. But like I said, I'm starting to see something. 
Joseph Plumeri: A little light at the end of the tunnel. 
Operator: Our next question is from Ray Iardella with Macquarie. 
Raymond Iardella: Just one quick question I guess for Steve to start out. Just curious, I'm not as familiar with the sort of role of Deputy CEO. I'm just curious, could you give us a little bit more color on what the sort of duties are and then how you plan to manage those duties alongside running Global? 
Steven Hearn: I had the pleasure of meeting Dominic for the first time 2 months ago through this process and I think it's been a matter of a lot of speculation that I was a candidate for the position of CEO as well. And I can confirm. I went through a very rigorous process with our Board and advisors in terms of that process. As the outcome of that was, as you've seen, that I'm Deputy CEO elect and in the new year will take on that position. I met Dominic back in the middle of the summer as part of his process and found somebody, maybe going back to an earlier question, to what clearly brings with him a brain. That's obvious, I guess, with the 30-year career he's had at McKinsey. A strategic one at that. But also somebody I think who I can work with it and the leadership team here more generally can work with very well going forward. I'll retain my responsibilities for our Global businesses until such time as Dominic decides that he has other things for me to do. I'm also the CEO of Willis Limited, our U.K. regulated entity, and I will continue in that capacity working with a non-executive chairman of that business, Rodney Baker-Bates. And I think Dominic and I have concluded we have lots of other things to be getting on with in the meantime and through that list of lots of other things, I'll pick up some additional responsibilities. I hope that satisfies my colleagues in the room, if not you, Ray, in terms of an answer. 
Raymond Iardella: I appreciate to additional color. The only other question I wanted to touch quickly is sort of the India joint venture. Just curious, how large was that? And then B, why are you guys so comfortable in terms of this new joint venture in India, if I think I heard you correctly going forward? 
Victor Krauze: We had -- as you know, we can only own 26% of the business in India. So you had to have a partner. And we had a partner when I got here 12 years ago and it simply didn't work out. The license is not ours, if you will. It's the joint venture partner's because they own the majority shares. They had an issue, I can't get into the gory details, as you could appreciate for legal reasons, but they had an issue in India. And then when they had an issue, we had an issue. And so to be able to disconnect ourselves from that issue, we had to pay an amount for our business, if you will, and that's the money that you heard Mike talk about. We weren't talking about enormous amounts of money, but we're talking about double-digit, low double-digit numbers in the millions. So that's over with. That's done. That's another example of just another thing that occurred over the last few years that happens. And we seem to have gotten more of the stuff happen than anybody else. It's not quoting, well, it was me, but it happened and it's over with. The new joint venture partner, I'm excited about, because we've actually been in business with them without being on the license basis with them for over a couple of years. So we know them quite well. We basically process whatever we do on an unpaid basis with them. So it's not like we started anew on a Monday with them and don't know them. So we're pretty comfortable, we're waiting for the approval process to happen, we're waiting for the -- all the legal processes to take place. And so, were ready to go and we've got this behind us as well. It's another example, thanks for bringing it up, of something that's behind us. 
Operator: Our next question is from Cliff Gallant with KBW. 
Cliff Gallant: My questions today really have been answered, so thank you and good luck, Joe. 
Joseph Plumeri: Is there any other questions? 
Operator: I'm showing no further questions. 
Joseph Plumeri: Thank you very much, everybody. Goodbye and so long. 
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. Thank you very much for joining. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. Now I'd like to turn the meeting over to Peter Poillon, Head of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin. 
Peter Poillon: Thank you, and welcome to our Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast. Our call today is hosted by Joe Plumeri, Willis Group Holdings Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. A webcast replay of the call can be accessed through the Investor Relations section of our website at www.willis.com. If you have any questions after the call, my direct line is (212) 915-8084.
 As we begin our call, let me remind you that we may make certain statements relating to future results, which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated. These statements reflect our opinions only as of today's date, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update them in light of new information or future events.
 Please refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and subsequent filings, as well as our earnings press release for a more detailed discussion of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release. 
 I'll now turn the call over to Joe. 
Joseph Plumeri: Thank you. Good morning, welcome and thank you, everybody, for joining our call today. With me as usual is Mike Neborak, our Chief Financial Officer. Mike and I will make our regular remarks as usual, but this quarter I also want to do something a little bit different. In less than 2 years, our 3 main business units, North America, International and Global, each have new leaders, but leaders who have come up from post within our organization. You haven't heard a lot from them on these calls, so today, after I offer some introductory comments, I've asked Vic Krauze, Tim Wright and Steve Hearn to offer brief report on their businesses. And as usual, we'll be happy to answer questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. 
 You've obviously seen some of the other brokers' reports and our earnings already, the positive trends that they've talked about are very encouraging for the industry as a whole and we'll offer our own perspective on the industry environment in a few minutes. But as you saw our release last night, and compare it with those who've already reported, it's fair to wonder why Willis isn't in historical position at the head of the pack. Leading organic growth and leading margins has been the Willis way. I know it's on your mind and I want to address that up front. 
 While our top line shows modest 2% organic growth, there are several things offering compelling evidence of our strengths. Willis Global, for example, produced 7% organic growth and looking forward, robust sales pipelines increased recruitment of new producers and improved retention across our businesses we believe we'll provide revenue momentum in the future. And remember, as we've been telling you over the past few calls, a number of things have dragged on in our North America results, most with roots going back to our merger with HRH. These things have taken time to course through the system, which Rick will dissect in detail in a minute, but I think that this quarter represents sort of the end of all of those things that have to be flushed through. 
 Compounding that, what we see in the end of a difficult comparable guidance for North America has been a brief plateau this quarter for international. So all things can happen at the same time. And like our competitors, there's effect of the euro zone crisis. But Willis also had to put up subpar numbers for the U.K. and Australia, which also had an effect on our international numbers. We'll talk about that in a little bit as well. Both at the end of the -- or both are at the end of a restructuring process. Those international numbers are, we believe, an anomaly and not indicative of any trend. 
 So what you'll hear from me today, Vic, Steve, Tim and Mike, as an acknowledgment that despite our growth, we didn't come in as high as we wanted to this quarter. That said, you'll also hear a very upbeat assessment of what lies in store for the second half. Both for what our industry faces as a whole and for the many important things we're doing at Willis to regain our sector leadership position. 
 Now let me review the results with you. Our fully diluted adjusted earnings per share came in at $0.59. Excluding the $0.06 of positive foreign exchange, earnings were $0.53 per diluted share; that compares to a year ago quarter of $0.61 per diluted share, and obviously, that's not acceptable. Now before zeroing in on our bottom line numbers, we feel that our underlying earnings results are better than they appear at first glance relative to the prior year results. Now allow me to give you some of the background. 
 You've heard us talk over the last few quarters about Loan Protector. I love Loan Protector. I keep talking about Loan Protector. I told everybody here we're not going to talk about Loan Protector again and how its drop-off in performance created a difficult comparison with its results in the first half of 2011 and prior. This quarter, Loan Protector hurt our earnings by $0.01 relative to the year-ago quarter but this is the last quarter of the lopsided comparisons. Loan Protector is over. Vic's going to talk about that in a minute, I'm sure he's going to be glad to say the same thing here. 
 We also had a difficult comparison related to the fraud we uncovered and reported earlier in the year that happened in North America. That hurt our current quarter earnings by $0.01 relative to a year ago. So right off the bat, you got a couple of cents, and you got a couple of things that hurt top line growth as well. 
 Our second quarter results last year included $9 million of expense benefits from a release of funds in reserves related to potential legal liabilities. We talked about Bose in some detail a year ago. We did have $3.5 million of somewhat benefits in the quarter but that difference between the 2 equals $0.02 relative to the prior year. So you start to see a build up in what would have been versus what you see. Actually, and additionally, our Employee Benefits business in North America experienced some pressure on commissions that hurt the current quarter. But we should get contingent commissions in that business later this year or next year to make up for that, because as you know, insurers are charging or paying us less than they paid before, which is the whole reason we decided to accept contingents in the first place on that business. So that should catch up to itself. 
 And lastly, we had some notable pieces of business that we expect to shift from the second quarter to the second half of the year. They were quite notable. And they would have made a pretty decent difference in the top line growth that you see. But this is what happens on our business, but it's worth sharing with you so you know that revenue generation would have been better, but for some unfortunate timing, it's better than it appears. Both on a top line basis, as I'm explaining to you, and a bottom line basis as well. 
 In total, we have to take the results as they close. But as I mentioned, my colleagues and I feel good about the strength of our businesses and franchises and we are each excited about what we're doing going forward in the future to grow the business over the remainder of the year. 
 Before I turn it over to the team, let me provide some headlines. The commissions, as I said, and fees grew 2%. Our Global segment was again very strong at 7% organic growth led by great results from our reinsurance business that enjoyed low double-digit growth, just outstanding. In a few minutes, Steve will outline how he's making our high-performing businesses even more integrated and I think we'll be even higher performing in the future, which will drive that performance from Global. Steve has a lot to talk about just in terms of results and his vision for the business. So I would tell you what's going on in our Capital Markets business, which is also part of the Global segment. 
 Willis Capital Markets Advisory continues to gain traction and momentum in the insurance advisory and capital raising arena. During the second quarter, Willis Capital Markets Advisory and revenues were down a little bit on a comparable prior year, but you know that that's lumpy. It's a result of deals that we expected to close, again, slipping into the second half. However, the pipeline or backlog of transactions that WCMA is involved with is robust, and a lot of that activity will probably manifest itself in the second half. 
 In the International segment, the organic growth was at 2%. IT's very low. It's an anomaly for them. It's below its historic growth range. You should know that we believe this is more than an anomaly than a new trend and we believe that we're poised to do even better in the future. But we have to temper that with slow overall growth in continental Europe, partly with the result of euro zone issues, and our own efforts to turn around our U.K. and Australasia businesses, which will end up restructuring phases, so that has an effect on international as well, but everything being considered, we had excellent growth in Asia and Latin America. 
 Later, Tim's going to provide you with some insight into the areas where we're seeing improvement, including Willis U.K. As the year goes on, Willis U.K. gets better on a comparable basis and so does Australia. So, as I said, again another positive element in the second half. Tim will also tell you about the depth of our pipelines in the business and the initiatives that cause us to be excited about the growth opportunities in this segment. 
 In North America, excluding the impact of -- there it is again, Loan Protector, organic commissions and fees declined by 2% in the quarter and is down 1% over the first 6 months of this year relative to the first half of last year. While that's disappointing, for all of us here, regardless of the context, that business has a lot of positive things going on, including improved pipelines, the most -- the best pipelines I've seen since I've been here, a positive trend and producer headcount -- headcount is up -- and strong retention and solid new business trends. North America's retention is back to its historic levels in the low 90s despite covering business loss due to producer defections in the second quarter of 2011. That's a lagging indicator. So anything you see now is kind of at the tail end of what happened a year ago. And that might have had an effect as well on some of the North America numbers, both top and bottom line. But the reduction level is actually as a lagging indicator, as I said, and Vic will talk about some of the leading indicators that he monitors like pipelines and producer headcount, both looking far better today than they did at the beginning of this year and he'll tell you why that's the case. 
 With regard to group expenses, our group organic expense growth came in at 4.3% for the quarter and 3.3% for the first half of the year. Mike will provide an overview of our financials for the quarter and spend some time talking about expenses. 
 With that, I'm going to turn the call over to Vic, Steve and Tim, who will review this past quarter, and importantly, share insights into the initiatives that give us reason to be excited and optimistic as we look ahead. Vic? 
Victor Krauze: Thank you, Joe, and good morning, everybody. I want to begin by saying that everyone at Willis North America believes we can deliver a better top line than we saw in the second quarter. We are highly focused on producing better results for the second half of the year. First, I'd like to give you a brief overview of what drove these second quarter's results, and I'll spend some time talking about what we're doing to improve that going forward. 
 So now looking back, organic commissions and fees declined 3% in the second quarter. The decline was driven by several factors including, as Joe mentioned, the lopsided comparison in the Loan Protector business. This is the last time I expect to mention Loan Protector as going forward. It will no longer have a disproportionate impact on comparables quarter-over-quarter. So excluding the impact of Loan Protector, organic commissions and fees in North America declined 2%, a full percent less than we're reporting. Beyond Loan Protector, let me list a number of other factors that drove the decline in North America's organic revenues. First, as we've discussed in previous quarters, our Employee Benefits business, which accounts for almost a quarter of North America's revenues, has experienced some pressure on compensation structures from the healthcare insurers as being driven by healthcare reform in the United States. That compensation compression resulted in approximately 1% negative impact on North America's revenue growth in the second quarter relative to the second quarter last year. 
 But I also want to remind you that this pressure from healthcare insurers is why we said we'd take contingents on this line of business beginning in April of this year. Going forward, we should see some positive impact from contingents in late 2012 or early 2013. 
 Second, as Joe mentioned, our Employee Benefits results in the second quarter last year were affected by the fraudulent activity we discovered and disclosed. That business overstated revenue by about $2.4 million in that quarter, which regardless must be compared to in terms of revenue growth. That totals to about 3 quarters of 1% of North America revenue in comparison. 
 The final note is our one-off in surety revenues primarily construction-related. We're still not seeing a lot of construction projects as that industry has not yet recovered. That lack of projects caused almost 1% decline in revenues in the quarter relative to the prior year. So if you add up those 4 items, Loan Protector, for the last time, employee benefits compensation, the fraud we staffed and the one-offs, that accounts for more than 3% decline we're reporting. 
 On a positive note, North America's retention came in at 91% for the quarter, despite some accounts that left due to producer deflections last year. Our year-to-date retention's also at 91%. We're pleased to see that metric is back to our historical and expected levels, but we'd aspire to and believe we can do better. I'm going to address that detail in a few moments. 
 Also in the second quarter, we signed new business coming in at low double digits. That's good, but I think we can do better at that as our growing pipeline converts in new business. With regard to rates, we continue to see rate improvements in certain lines in geographic regions during the quarter. 
 On property, we're seeing average rate increases as of 8%, predominantly driven by catastrophe-exposed risks, non-cat is up 2% to 5%. I should note however, that we are seeing property rate starting to level as capacity is entered the market. In casualty, most insurers are seeing modest increases on renewal. We saw an average of 3% on casualty, which was driven mainly by worker's compensation. Liability rates were flat to up 2%. And then also for the first time this year, we're starting to see positive rate in our FINEX business, up 2% on average. Our Human Capital business, which encompasses Employee Benefits, is also seeing some rate increases. Again, the impact of that rate is tempered somewhat due to the carrier compensation modelships that we spoke about. 
 More broadly, the overall rate improvement we've seen so far in 2012, has not yet had a material impact on our revenue base. To the extended as help, it has been offset by reductions in exposure units and higher client risk retention levels. Shouldn't come as a surprise that, in this economic environment, the majority of our clients are simply not able or willing to absorb the increased cost of insurance and actively managing the expense and it's our job to help them manage that expense. 
 Across our industry practices, financial services, environmental, life sciences and real estate, they all did well for the quarter. Further, our M&A business had a very good quarter continuing their strong performance from Q1, while deal flow has not been as robust as last year. They are maintaining consistent new business. They were up in Q2 by 13% and up 15% through the first 6 months of the year. So while we expected this quarter to be challenging, we are not satisfied with how we ended up. So for the next few minutes, I'd like to discuss some of the initiatives that are ongoing in North America that lead me to believe that the future is brighter than this past quarter may indicate. 
 We are intently focused on 3 things that we believe will improve this business. They are simply: pipelines, recruiting, and retention. First, on pipelines. Since we bought HRH, we were totally focused on integrating the company even as the economic meltdown created turbulence around us. The first task was holding onto our people and keeping our existing accounts. Looking back, filling our pipelines with new opportunities took a backseat. That's all changed now. Since I assumed my post in early 2011, we have been relentless in returning the pipeline management with the sales force. As a result, our pipelines have improved dramatically in that period. Our rolling 12-month pipeline has improved from less than 1x our new business scoped over 2.5x. That gives us a lot more clarity on future revenues. My goal is to get pipelines at 3x by the end of the year. Since January, our pipelines have roughly doubled and they continue to grow, while these opportunities take time to convert and obviously, we won't win on 100% of our opportunities, I know it will translate into improvement in our already-good new business metric that I mentioned a few minutes ago. 
 Second, on recruiting. We are building a continuous sustainable recruiting program that attracts experienced recruiters -- producers to Willis. While that might seem basic, after the HRH transaction, a lot of our efforts were devoted to retaining the HRH producers that came to Willis with the transaction. The tide has now shifted. We're very pleased that, in 2012, our producer force is up slightly and my goal is to increase producer count 3% to 4% annually, while actively managing underperformers. In doing so, we'll manage overall growth and headcount to approximately flat to keep our SMB expense in check. So this will not be a recruiting spree by any means, but rather an extremely selective process in our search for experienced producers. 
 Third, with regard to retention. An important role to remember is that we do a good job in retaining our current clients. New business growth becomes much more impactful to our organic growth level. Our historic retention levels in North America have been in the 90% to 92% range. And we're pleased to be back at that level. But we aspire to be even better at around 95%. One key aspect of client retention is great service and I know we do a great job there, but equally important is associate retention. Insurance broking is a relationship business. If we keep our people, we keep our business. We're making great headway on that score by engaging producers in training and supporting them with what they need to grow. Our Sales 2.0 program is a great example of that. There should be no better working environment than at Willis. And while we still have work to do, we're making steady progress, which bodes well for future business growth. 
 And since I just brought up Sales 2.0, let me give you a brief update on that initiative as it's been rolled out throughout North America. To the first 6 months of this year, we've held over 1,500 Sales 2.0 meetings with clients and prospects and have converted over 10% of those meetings in our new business wins. That's a fair start to a program that I take very seriously and I expect it will continue to gain traction amongst our sales associates and drive increased revenue. We've trained over 2,500 of our associates in the 2.0 process and close to 600 producers are using that process as they interact with clients and prospects. 
 Like all companies, we are operating at a difficult environment, but I believe that if we maintain and execute on the focus we adopted last year, the improved pipelines, increased producer headcount and improved retention levels, they all will return us to delivering solid organic growth and improved margins. 
 With that, I will turn it over to Tim to discuss International. 
Timothy Wright: Thank you, Vic. Good morning, good afternoon or good evening, everyone. I'm delighted to have the opportunity to talk to you about our International segment, an exciting set of businesses with a wealth of potential for the Group. Since taking up the leadership of Willis International last October, I've made a point of visiting as many of our 40-plus countries in which we operate as possible. And I'm happy to report that our 6,000 Associates in the U.K., Continental Europe, Latin America and Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Africa, are doing a great job. Between them, they generate around $1 billion in annual revenues today and can generate a lot more through the series of actions I'll describe later. 
 While these actions cannot insulate us from the broader economic conditions, we believe that they can help capture opportunities even in the most turbulent markets. We reported 2% organic growth in the second quarter, down from International's historic levels of 4% to 6%. As Joe mentioned, the primary reasons for the lower than historic growth were the ongoing turnarounds in the U.K. and Australia plus the relative weakness in the euro zone. Together, these businesses account for half of our International revenues. 
 But with the geographic spread as large as ours, these negatives have been partially offset by strong performance in a number of our higher grossed markets. For the next few minutes, let me run through some of the notable developments in these Willis International countries. 
 The U.K. business, which accounts for almost 20% of our international revenues annually, has improved significantly from its weak showing in late 2011. Although organic growth declined below single digits during the quarter, the improvement was in line with my expectations of the business and reflects the hard work done by the U.K. team to address the operational issues noted in 2011. We have applied much greater client focus, which has manifested itself improved service metrics and business retention. Additionally, we had a major focus on sales, instilling one of the best sales management disciplines across the whole of International. Willis has always been a major player in the U.K. and the steps we've taken should ensure it remains so. 
 In Continental Europe, I'm happy to report that, despite the overall economic pressures across the region, we still managed to deliver low single-digit growth. Most countries in the region reported positive results. Including Germany, which was up low-double digits. Italy, up high-single digits and Denmark, up mid-single digits. Ireland was flat in the quarter. While Spain was down for the second quarter, its fabulous sales culture has allowed it to deliver low single-digit growth year-to-date. A tremendous achievement given the economic headwinds faced by that country. Eastern Europe, which is dominated by Russia, delivered somewhat slower mid-single-digit growth in the second quarter but has achieved strong double-digit growth on a year-to-date basis. Latin America grew high single digits. The stories in each country of the region are unique. There was steady growth in our Brazil and Argentina retail businesses as well as in our reinsurance businesses as across most countries. But some of these advances were offset by declines in Colombia and Venezuela. 
 Willis has a great business and a great future opportunity in Asia Pacific, Middle East, Africa. And Joe and I have made a point to visit the region and many of the countries in the first half of the year. It is also a region we have recently reorganized, which I'll talk about in a moment. Asia, continued to do well with high single-digit growth, driven by strong contributions from China, Korea and Hong Kong. Australia was flat compared with last year, which was a nice improvement compared with last quarter when we declined significantly. And finally, South Africa exhibited strong double-digit growth in the quarter, maintaining positive momentum from the first quarter. 
 Vic talked about retention in his remarks and we're as passionate about retention in International as he is in North America. Our retention remains healthy at 93%, about the same as last year. Likewise, new business generation was about the same as last year and rate was neither a head nor tail wind during the quarter. So with that backdrop, like Vic, I'd like to share with you some of the key actions we've implemented since I took responsibility for International last year. 
 We believe these should provide a strong foundation for the future. Firstly, we have sought to bring much greater structure, discipline and consistency to the way we manage the business. Under a new CFO and HR Director, we've established common reporting and management information, which provides us with much greater visibility over the business. 
 Secondly, like Vic, we've had a major focus on sales. Implementing segments, specific strategies, building our sales capacity and making selective investments hires. During the period in which I served as Group COO, we developed and delivered Sales 2.0 working with Vic's North American team. We have now deployed this model across an additional 16 international countries. Now like Vic, we've held over 1,500 Sales 2.0 meetings and also like Vic, we've seen more than 10% of those meetings convert into new business wins. More generally, our sales pipelines have improved significantly, increasing by almost 2/3 since the start of this year. 
 Thirdly, we recently announced a restructuring of our large and strategically important Asia-Pacific, Middle East, Africa region in order to reinforce our focus on growth. Roger Wilkinson, formerly Head of the overall region, is being relocated to become Executive Chairman of our Australasian region. Adam Garrard, formerly Head of Continental Europe, will ran our Asia business, a business he ran in its infancy from 2002 to 2005. And Scott Pickering runs our Middle East, Africa region based out of South Africa. 
 Finally, we know the power of delivering the whole of Willis to our clients and are connecting much more closely with our colleagues some elsewhere in the group, especially Steve's global businesses. A few examples would help illustrate this point. We're working hand-in-hand with Global on joint prospecting for both large accounts -- for large accounts in both Europe and Latin America. We've introduced new leadership in our reinsurance business in Latin America and we're building our construction and FINEX business in Asia and Australia. 
 To conclude on International, although we can't control the effects of the global economy, we're excited about the opportunities across the different businesses and believe that the actions that we've taken provide us with a strong basis for reducing historical growth levels in future. 
 I'll now turn it to Steve to discuss the Global segment. 
Steven Hearn: Thank you, Tim, and good morning, everyone. The comments Vic and Tim have all fit well with what we're doing in Willis Global as well. We spent a lot of time together with Joe and the other members of the operating committee and I echo their view that we're working as a tight unit to make Willis Group stronger and more unified to capitalize on the enormous opportunities available to us in the months and years ahead. 
 This morning, I want to focus on 3 items with regards to the Willis Global segment. Firstly, I want to report on yet another strong quarter for the businesses, which comprise Willis Global. Secondly, I want to update you on the strategic transformation work that I described during our Q1 earnings call. And thirdly, I want to update you on the progress we've made on the implementation of Will Place, our client-centric broking platform. 
 You may recall that there are 3 core operations within Willis Global. These are Willis Re, Global Specialties and Willis Faber & Dumas. Q2 was another strong quarter of strong growth in our global businesses with organic growth at 7% compared with the comparable quarter in 2011. This growth was led by our reinsurance operation Willis Re, which had another outstanding quarter with double-digit growth year on year. This growth resulted from both significant new business growth and some rate improvement in both Willis Re to International and North American business units. Willis Re continues to be one of the jewels in the crown of the group and I congratulate the leadership team and the associates in Willis Re for their continued high performance. Global specialty, as you will recall, is our specialty insurance operation with businesses including aerospace, marine, energy, construction, financial solutions and our financial lines business. This part of global group single digits during Q2. Many of these industry segments remain challenged by flat or even softening rate environments. And as such, I'm very pleased with the overall results here. 
 A number of the units in global specialty achieved double-digit growth in the quarter. Willis Faber & Dumas is our wholesale facultative and third-party facing group of businesses and the third core operation of Willis Global. WF&D declined by low single digits, but that was after a Q1 that showed low double-digit growth that benefited from some favorable timing of revenues. 
 For the first half, Willis Faber & Dumas achieved solid single mid-digit growth. So taken together, the second quarter, overall, represents another outstanding result for Willis Global. Like Vic and Tim, we're focused on the future and what we can do to produce even better results. So then, let's look forward and take a few minutes to look at our strategic transformation work. 
 Our Global businesses represented more than 40% of the group's EBIT in 2011. Many individual parts of Willis Global are industry and market leaders. Common to each of these businesses is a strong culture of innovation, technical ability, strong work ethic and deep industry knowledge -- all very important parts of the Willis Cause. Historically, the Global business has grown well was producing significant EBIT and high-quality income for the group. We announced in the first quarter a new vision for Willis Global with a new structure to enable the vision to be executed. We concluded that, despite our strong historic performance, we could grow even faster by creating a simple structure, which would enable our highly-successful businesses to come closer together. We feel this will bring sustainable benefit to each of our core stakeholders, our associates, our clients, our carriers, and of course, our shareholders. We're delighted to report we made huge progress in the last 3 months: we've launched the new vision and structure internally and externally. We're hugely encouraged by the response that we've had to this new strategy. We're now building a catalog of examples where we've already been able to drive benefit for our clients and ourselves through the work that's being done. 
 With an overview, we've simplified the structure of the Global segment by creating 3 clear parts of the Global. The first is Reinsurance, which now also includes Faculative. The second is Specialty, which combines Global Specialty and Willis Faber & Dumas and the third is Placement, which permits our clients to capitalize on the significant power of the over $40 billion of premium that we placed into the insurance marketplace. 
 Under this new structure for Willis Global, we've combine a number of our divisions into larger P&Ls and a smaller number of management teams.  This structure also enables us to work more closely with our colleagues in Willis North America and Willis International. Willis Global, as a whole, is now in a period of detailed business planning and the newly-formed teams. Our mission is simple. Exploiting the opportunities for growth with an even faster rate than we've achieved historically. Our intention is to have this work concluded by the beginning of Q4; we'll then be fully operational under our new structure with these new growth plans from the 1st of January 2013. 
 Willis Global has grown well for many years. Our intention is to turn it up a notch or 3 over the coming years. We all know the opportunity is there for us to exploit. Finally, I want to update you briefly on our progress on the implementation of Will Place. To remind you, Will Place is a unique application built by us to enable our associates to demonstrate to our clients and prospects optimum solutions in terms of market selection, coverage, price, security and other factors. Will Place is a worldwide enterprise for Willis, embracing Willis International, Willis North America and Willis Global. It's been eagerly welcomed across our businesses. 
 When we started this development in late 2010 through a successful pilot in Willis Italy, we're delighted to report we've now trained thousands of our associates around the world on this new technology, its purpose and its benefit for our clients. We're now operational with Will Place in all of our largest volume territories and more than 14,000 placements have been made using this new process. The algorithms that are at the heart of Will Place technology are powered by client preference and a view of the carriers appetite for the client's business and by data that supports the choice of 1 particular carrier over another. This is clever stuff, unique in its client-centric approach and very powerful indeed. Based on our close evaluation of all of the competing approaches, we'd rather have Will Place than any other platform that serves Willis, and more importantly, our clients the best. 
 Our team's done a tremendous job here, both the people in central placement team and the insurance professionals in our retail and global businesses. Willis has a very strong and uniquely-collaborative culture. Will Place is Willis at its best. You can tell I remain excited about our opportunities, and again, I know I speak on behalf of the entire team in Global and saying we're very optimistic about our future. 
 With that, I'll hand over to Mike Neborak to discuss our financial results. 
Michael Neborak: Thank you, Steve, and hello, everyone. Have you heard? We've made substantial progress building our business in Q2. Key areas of focus remain expense management, infrastructure investments and allocating capital as highlighted by repurchasing shares and reducing debt during the quarter. In reviewing the numbers, all comparisons are the Q2 2011, unless otherwise noted. All references to adjusted figures exclude those items that we disclosed in the supplemental financial information in our press release. 
 Adjusted net income from continuing operations was $104 million or $0.59 per diluted share. That compares to $107 million or $0.61 per diluted share in the second quarter 2011. As noted in our press release, foreign currency fluctuations positively impacted our results by $0.06 per share. To get a bit more granular on FX, the P&L benefit had 2 components. First, we recorded foreign currency translation adjustment to both our revenues and expenses for the period. Since many of the currencies in which we do business weakened against the dollar, this resulted in a $24 million reduction of our revenues. It also resulted in an $18 million reduction in expenses for the period, recorded as a $14 million reduction in salaries and benefits, and a $4 million reduction in other operating expenses. So the translation component is opening a net $6 million negative impact to our pretax earnings. 
 Second, we recorded foreign exchange in the amount of $19 million as a reduction to other operating expenses from revaluing assets and liabilities denominated in non-functional currencies. That result was primarily driven by the revaluation of pounds sterling denominated net liabilities in our London market operations. In total, foreign exchange reduced revenue by $24 million and reduced operating expenses by $37 million, producing the $0.06 per share benefit. 
 Now let me turn to expenses. Total reported operating expenses were down $42 million or 6% from $705 million in the second quarter of 2011 to $663 million. On an adjusted basis, total operating expenses decreased by $8 million from $676 million to $668 million or approximately 1%. When the $37 million benefit from foreign exchange is excluded, our adjusted operating expenses grew $29 million or 4.3%. If you exclude the impact of lower expense credits in the second quarter of 2012 versus second quarter 2011, expense growth was 3.5%. On a year-to-date basis, adjusted operating expenses grew 3.3% excluding foreign exchange. 
 Now let me talk a little bit about the component pieces. First, adjusted salaries and benefits were up 1% or $5 million from $495 million to $500 million in the quarter. Once again, excluding the $14 million positive impact from foreign exchange, underlying growth was $19 million or 3.8%. The largest driver of salaries and benefit growth was increased amortization expense related to cash retention awards, which grew $10 million from $44 million in the year-ago quarter to $54 million in the current quarter. In addition, annual salary increases, which take effect in the second quarter, and as we discussed last quarter, the investment in new hires throughout the second half of 2011 impacted the year-over-year comparisons. Year-to-date, adjusted salaries and benefits grew 2.9% excluding foreign exchange. 
 The second piece, other operating expenses on an adjusted basis were down $12 million or 8.2% in the quarter from $146 million to $134 million. Excluding the $23 million favorable impact from foreign exchange, other operating expenses grew by $11 million or 7.5%. Approximately 1/2 of that growth was due to a year-over-year decrease in expense credits derived from the release of funds and reserves related to potentially legal liabilities. In the second quarter of 2012, we recorded $3.5 million expense benefit compared to a $9 million benefit taken in the second quarter last year. 
 In addition, as we have discussed in previous quarters, we continue to invest in technology and systems, which also impacted year-over-year comparisons. Year-to-date, adjusted other operating expenses grew 4.9%, excluding foreign exchange. As you know, operating margins are a key measure of performance and tracked very closely by management. In Q2, our adjusted operating margin contracted 80 basis points from 21.5% to 20.7%. Excluding foreign exchange, our adjusted operating margin declined 290 basis points to 18.6%. Several factors impacted this result. 35 basis points from lower investment income, 65 basis points from the difference in expense credits and 35 basis points from the impact of Loan Protector. And the remainder, approximately 155 basis points from adjusted expense growth proceeding revenue growth. 
 Turning to tax. On an adjusted basis, income tax expense for the quarter was $34 million, resulting in an income tax rate of 24.1% compared to 24.5% in the year-ago quarter. We continue to expect the 2012 effective tax rate to be between 24% and 25%. 
 Now let me discuss the associate's line, which is outside of our operating numbers. As you know, the associate's line consists primarily of our share of the after-tax earnings from Gras Savoye, France's leading broker. For the quarter, that line recorded a loss equal to $1 million versus a loss of $3 million in the year-ago period. Most of our income from this line is booked in Q1 and is driven by the seasonality in Gras Savoye's business. Like many businesses located in the euro zone, Gras Savoye's operations are being pressured by the economy. In addition, Gras Savoye recently appointed a new CEO and is undergoing a business review that is designed to drive growth in revenues and operational efficiencies. As a result of these 2 factors, we expect the Associates line for full year 2012 to be down $6 million to $7 million versus 2011. 
 More specifically in the third quarter, we expect the Associates line to be a loss of $1 million to $2 million; in Q4 we expect the line to show a loss of $5 million to $6 million. While these are our best estimates, keep in mind that we do not control the numbers produced by our Associates. However, we recognized that many of you model our Associate's result using prior-year amounts as the base, so we thought it necessary to inform you of these developments. On our balance sheet, total debt outstanding at the end of the quarter was approximately $2.4 billion and our debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio was approximately 2.7x. During the quarter, we generated approximately $100 million in cash from operations, capital expenditures totaled $27 million, we repaid $35 million of our revolver leaving a balance outstanding of $50 million, and we purchased more than 1 million shares of stock for a total price of approximately $37 million. On June 30, cash and cash equivalents amounted to $407 million; that compares to $436 million at June 30. 
 With that, I'll turn it back to Joe. 
Joseph Plumeri: Thank you very much, Michael. I know this call is running late, we started late because we wanted to make sure as many people that could be on, would be on. And I'll just finish with a couple of comments. The first half of the year is behind us. And as you probably heard, each of the segment had discussed their businesses and some of the issues we faced this year and we're very confident that because the first half of the year is over that a lot of things go away and many things show up in second half. Importantly, I hope you have an appreciation as to why we're optimistic about the second half of 2012. Loan Protector, that comparison is behind us, thank goodness. And last year's fraudulent activity, that we talked about has just one more quarter to go in terms of difficult comparisons and that goes away. But this company's not watching in a rearview mirror. It's all about the road ahead and about doing everything we can to drive revenue growth and expand margins in a continuing difficult global economy. We spent the first half of this year relentlessly executing our revenue initiatives with great emphasis on building pipelines. Sales 2.0 and Will Place are starting to kick in, as you heard, and we believe our pipelines are primed and expected they should benefit our top line going forward. 
 As Vic mentioned earlier, our producer headcount in North America is finally on the upswing after years of playing defense against defections. Retention is back up, and that, combined with those filling pipelines, should mean more revenue. Tim and Steve are in the process of reorganizing their businesses in order to optimize top and bottom lines. We're already seeing good flow of transactions across our businesses, including a few large deals that I said earlier we expected we're closing the second quarter, but we're pushed into the second half of this year. And we will continue to manage our expense growth as you come to expect us from us here at Willis, where the revenues exceed the expenses, which did not happen in the second quarter, which is the reason why most of decline on the margin took place. I'll end it there with the hope that you can sense that the excitement that we feel going forward into the second half of this year is real. 
 Thank you very much and we'll take questions at this point. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Keith Walsh, Citi. 
Keith Walsh: Quickly for Vic, a couple, and then I've got something for Tim. So Vic, in EB, the contingents, will they completely make up for the commission squeeze we're seeing on revenues and earnings? 
Victor Krauze: It's hard to predict that exactly because we haven't received any of them yet. We've also just started implementing those contracts for April -- in April as opposed to for the full year, but I expect that in the long haul, they will replace it. 
Joseph Plumeri: In think that and the fact that you'll have better revenue growth in the second half because of our EB platform. So the combination of growth, better growth in EB and the reception of the contingents together, Keith, I think will make for a better outcome. 
Dan Farrell: And then secondly for Vic, even if we adjust for the items you mentioned in North America, you're still lagging the peers there. And I appreciate the clarity around the initiatives, around pipeline, retention, and recruiting. But we're 4 years post-HRH, why are we talking about this now and not a couple of years ago? 
Victor Krauze: Well, all I can tell you, Keith, is from when I stepped into the job, I have to take a look at the basics of the business. It's, in my mind, not a very complex business, and you have to focus on pipelines, you have to focus on growing producers, and you have to focus on retention. I can't really comment on my competitors, but I know what it takes to get this business growing and that's what I'm focused on. 
Joseph Plumeri: I'll make additional comment, Keith. When we did the HRH transaction, we did it the worst possible time we could do it and people forget that. We closed that deal in October 2008. The timing couldn't be worse. It was a good deal to do it, timing couldn't be worse. We bought a company that had 280 different -- before, 280 acquisitions were all disparate. And to integrate all of those offices and to make one company at a time when interest, when the economy was bad, when the markets were terrible, the credit markets were closed, and obviously, rates were very, very soft, and to do all of that at the same time and create a culture is difficult. So you're not going to spend time with new accounts and pipelines, you're going to spend time keeping people, changing systems, integrating cultures, that takes long in itself, and then you throw the economic conditions on top of that in the U.S. just simply took longer. So instead of concentrating on pipelines, you're concentrating on holding onto accounts, people that left, people weren't making as much money, other people who are trying to get them by giving them more money and guaranteeing them deals over a period of time. I mean, all of this stuff we have fought, and I would tell you that at this stage of the game, halfway point to 2012, even though it's 4 years later and even though it's taken a lot of time and a lot of frustration, I think most of that's over. When you have the deal like the fraud that took place in Chicago that we talked about, we needed like a hole in that. But those things happen and you fight through it and you got to separate structural systemic problems from issues that occurred because of what happened with HRH, what happens in the economy and the things that we've been through. And I think we're through all that. So the question about why all of that now had to do with what you were doing at the time to make sure that the business was right, it was being downsized, things we're merged, offices were integrated, we integrated on over 60 offices in the U.S., which was a chore in itself. But that is all behind us and I think we're ready for growth. If you add up all the things that Vic talked about, which is we have one lost account, which probably caused us 1 point. We had the EB issues would probably cost us another point. You had EB fraud, Loan Protector and all of those things. When you start to add it up, you're in positive ground. And when that stuff goes away, which most of it will go away, we got one more quarter of the fraud in Chicago, you're going to start to see the growth that we expected to see all along. It just happened to start late because we were playing different game than everybody else. So if you compare us to the others, I don't think it's a suitable comparison because they didn't go through where we went through. But that's the way the game is played. We made the deal, I'm glad we made it now, we got a great platform in the U.S., it just took a little bit longer. 
Keith Walsh: Okay. And just for Tim on International. I mean, Joe mentioned in his script, the 2% growth is an anomaly, I believe you said so. Specifically speaking about the U.K. and Continental Europe, if you could walk us through the math on how you improve. Currently, you got good retention, it sounds like instable new business, how do you improve on that to offset what is likely shrinking exposures and flat at best pricing we're probably going to see in that part of the world in 2013? 
Timothy Wright: Keith, a few things. And the story is different by country. As you know, the U.K. business is in turnaround. We reported in the fourth quarter of last year a 16% decline in that business, and that is being cut substantially to low single-digits in the current quarter. And we expect that turnaround momentum to continue. So the math on that, that's a big business, Keith. That's almost 20% of international. Just being flat in that business has a positive impact on our earnings and we're not going to be satisfied; in fact, we want to grow that business in the future. In terms of Continental Europe, again, it's a mixed story by different parts of the region. In Northern Europe, we've actually seen pretty good growth in a number of markets. In Southern Europe, as you know, those are the economies, Spain and Italy that have borne the brunt of the euro zone crisis. We're fortunate in that -- we're not going to be immune to that, but we're fortunate that we have strong management there who leverage the full capabilities of the group, have a strong sales culture, follow their clients around the world. And they're able to grow, maybe a little bit more modestly, but grow despite the environment. And of course there's Central Eastern Europe, which has provided a lot of growth. So the math, Keith, to have improved growth in this region is a combination of turning around performance in the U.K. and share gain in the other European markets on the back of our sales initiatives and sales pipelines. 
Joseph Plumeri: I think you'll see, relative to what Tim just said, I think you'll see and we're looking at in terms of our numbers, were looking at probably a restoration in the second half to what the numbers that we've usually put up in International return, Keith. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Cliff Gallant, KBW. 
Cliff Gallant: This might be a simple question but I just want to understand the pipeline discussion. How do you define what a pipeline is? Like you say it's doubled year-to-date, how did that come about, what drove the increase? 
Joseph Plumeri: Well, we track pipelines very, very heavily in the company. We've always tracked them, I think, remarkably closely on a week-to-week basis. And basically, what we believe is, is we look at our business plans and we say how much new business has to be done to reach certain levels of revenue activity. And then what we say is that we take 30% or so that we need to convert a prospect to one account. So the coverage in our pipelines, you'll have to be robust at least to the tune of 2x or 3x that which we actually need to be able to generate the business that we want to generate. So what we're saying is, is that one time would be kind of close to the best, 2x gives us enough coverage. So you heard Vic talked about approaching 3x by the end of the year. I would say that the company's in the 2x to 2.5x range. Vic's made a point of the fact that it's a big deal now. Simply, Vic, because they got time getting new business rather than holding on the business, which is the point that he was trying to make. So this is something we're very excited about. And so when you see, it's like how many ships are going to come in, tell many how you many ships you sent out. And I'm telling in our case, these pipelines look very, very good, so it gives us a greater sense of predictability as it relates to the future, Cliff. 
Operator: Adam Klauber, William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: On comp expenses, can you give us any visibility what the amortization of a word should be next year? It seems like the growth is over 20% this year. Are we looking at flat next year or is it still going to be growing next year? 
Michael Neborak: It's going to grow next year, but at a lower rate than it's growing this year. So I think in the past, Adam, I mentioned that the year-over-year increase, that meaning the increase 2012 versus 2011 was going to be somewhere around $35 million. And I said next year, it will still grow but at a much lower rate. So I also mentioned they'll probably be in the low $20 million to $25 million in terms of a growth. So down from $35 million growth to $20 million, $25 million growth. 
Joseph Plumeri: So what you're seeing is as you remember it was $65 million last year, $35 million this year and he's telling you that it's in the 20-ish range. So every year's going to be growing less. So you're picking up $15 million or whatever the case may be, which is also all going to auger well with regard to our numbers next year and look pretty confident that, that's the number. Again another example of as the world continues to go on for Willis, the numbers get better. 
Adam Klauber: Okay. And then how did capital markets do this quarter? Was it added to -- was it additional to growth? 
Joseph Plumeri: The capital markets did great. The problem is, is that the deals that they did great with didn't hit. As I said in my commentary, we have a high expectation that there'll be a lot of activity in the second half that will result in, I think, in a considerable amount of business. I just can't tell you how much. It's very lumpy. We have no control over these things closing, but I can tell you that they're in the stage, stages of closing. In one case, one deal was 2 days into the quarter. I just can't announced what that was, but I can tell you that the second half should be pretty bountiful, frankly. And I know that that's a big word. 
Adam Klauber: Okay, that's helpful. Also on North America, did I hear right where there also some deals in North America that got pushed in the second half or was that mainly in the global business? 
Joseph Plumeri: Now that was mainly in the global business since Steve mentioned that. 
Adam Klauber: Okay, okay. And then finally, how much -- it's good to see some buybacks, could you give us an idea how much cash you have available for buybacks in the second half of the year? 
Michael Neborak: Well, our cash balance as I mentioned at the end of June was a little bit more than $400 million. Not a lot of that cash is available in terms of like for general corporate purposes, we have it in various entities that are regulated or we need to keep cash. So I'd say on the balance sheet right now, there's probably about $30 million to $50 million that I'd call available for general corporate purposes. 
Operator: We have a question from Greg Locraft, Morgan Stanley. 
Gregory Locraft: Just wanted to get an update on the CEO succession plan. 
Joseph Plumeri: Was that me? 
Gregory Locraft: Yes. 
Joseph Plumeri: You could refer to me as something like Joe or something. 
Gregory Locraft: Are you staying or you're going? And what's the plan and what's the timing around it all? 
Joseph Plumeri: As I said before, the succession planning process continues, the board is obviously concentrating on that. Everybody knows my contract is up next July. I'm concentrating on this business, which you can hear, I hope you can hear in my voice is, I think, going to be very, very exciting going forward. And they're worried about succession and I'm worried about running this business every day. I'm going to eliminate the word worry. I'm excited about running the business every day and seeing the clarity get better and better and better. 
Gregory Locraft: Okay. In terms of timing though, how do you -- and I know you can't speak for necessarily for the board, but how does -- I mean, it's a big job, there's a lot going on at the corporation, when do you guys kind of put this in place and so everyone can kind of move on and know what's happening? 
Joseph Plumeri: I obviously can't answer that. But you'll get -- as soon as I know, you'll know. How's that? And everybody will know at the same time. But it's something obviously, that the board is working on and I mean it. The succession planning, when you get somebody that's been around as long as I have, you take very seriously, you start, you go through a big process and I let them do that, and we're doing this. And hopefully, you get a sense that what we're doing here is exciting. I think it is exciting. I think that the worst is over. A lot of stuff that we had to trudge our way through is almost behind us except for a couple of things in the third quarter, which should not affect the third quarter in a big way. I think all that stuff is behind us. But I can't tell you anything more than that. I mean, it'll happen, it'll happen. And we'll let you know, obviously. 
Gregory Locraft: Great, no, I totally appreciate that. One other one totally different. It's just from your level, Joe, sort of what is the minimum organic growth rate you need to drive operating margin improvement in the business? 
Joseph Plumeri: I think it's obviously, higher than what it is now. And the 2% is not acceptable. What we've tried to do very hard is to give you a sense of all of the things that aren't in there, that if you added them back in, what you would get is more than 2%. And that -- by virtue of that, we think we would cover our expenses very well. So without telling you that, I've tried to give you examples of, if you added 1% more back for this and 1% more back for that and 1% more back to that and then what didn't hit in capital markets, et cetera, et cetera, you're not 2% anymore, you're up there pretty good where we think your level where our expenses are covered. 
Gregory Locraft: And then I guess you may dodge this one, but when do you think we're going to get that? I understand you... 
Joseph Plumeri: I am so pissed, come on. 
Operator: Dan Farrell, Sterne Agee. 
Dan Farrell: In your prepared remarks on the segment discussion, you've obviously focused a lot on revenue and pipeline, but there's been less focus on costs. To what extent do you think the margin pressure in your view, is it more of a revenue issue or a cost issue? I mean, I can certainly understand the negative organic pressures in North America, but you've had some positive organic international and those markets have decline in a greater pace. And then could you also talk a little bit about some of the cost issues? 
Joseph Plumeri: Yes, I think it's a revenue issue. I don't think we have a cost issue. I think we do cost pretty well in this place, we always have. That's been one of the things that people have always suggested that we do very well. I think that it's simply a revenue issue. When you have International at 2% when it's usually 6% or 7%, that doesn't help margins, and if you listened and you guide North America, at minus 2% or 3%, depending upon that word again, Loan Protector, that's going to be positive one day, because that's going to go away. And I think the global will continue to grow and continue to be strong if you heard what Steve had to say. So I think it's more of a revenue issue, which you're going to start to see coming to the fore like it used to in the past. So I don't think it's a cost issue at all, that's why we didn't spend a lot of time talking about it. I think we've been very judicious about our cost, the issue is revenue. And when you're generating 2% revenue in a quarter, maybe for all the reasons we mentioned, but it is 2%, that's got to improve and we believe it will, that's the reason why we spend so much time trying to give you some comfort around the fact that we're concentrating on that. If you'll look at the margin that Mike went through, 150 basis points of the margin decline came from the fact that the revenue was less than the expense. And not because we spent too much, because you got 2% revenue growth. You're not going to do wonderful things. That's the issue, which we think and hopefully you've heard in our voices, we think will change. 
Operator: Thomas Mitchell from Miller Tabak. 
Thomas Mitchell: Along with the issue of succession at the top, there's been a tremendous amount of change in your cadre of executives in recent periods. And this of course, it's sort of a double-barreled issue. On the one hand, it presents us, those of us who follow you, with a picture of, okay, there's change and the change is presumably valuable and important. But on the other hand, it also raises the issue of what was wrong before. And especially, when we're talking about how your performance rates against other insurance brokers, the question comes up of whether or not you are treating as extraordinary issues that would be more considered in a part of the way that you run a business year end and year out. How do you respond to that? 
Joseph Plumeri: I'd be glad to respond to it. First of all, you heard from the people who run our businesses. And you could hear, hopefully, you could hear, they're very articulate, they know what they're doing, they might be around here a long time. Vic's been around here for over 12 years. Steve's been around here since the HRH acquisition 4 years ago and has run reinsurance and run Glenn Karent [ph] before that, and now runs the global businesses. These are not neophytes. Tim's been around for more than, if I count the times that he was here helping us on a consultancy basis, has been here a long time. These are seasoned executives, so that we're not filling these holds with people who don't know what they're doing, that's number one. Number two, we had, and I could really appreciate that if I were you, and I'm sitting on the other side and I'm looking at some of the difficulties Willis has had, and then I see people leaving, it doesn't feel right, it feels like something's wrong in the place. And I'm saying to myself and I say to my colleagues, these people think there's something wrong. The fact of the matter is that there's nothing wrong structurally or systemically. We simply had 3 people that left, 4 people actually, 3 of whom, let's put it this way, we left on a mutual basis, 1 decided to go pursue something else, and that was Grahame Millwater after 26 years of being here, and the other was mutual and I don't want to give into that. But it wasn't because that caused any structural or systemic problem or there was any issue in the company or there was a revolution or there was any of those things, but I could understand how it would appear that way on the outside when you couple the results and you couple people leaving, you'll say that's a shift that really bothers me, that might be going in a direction we don't want. That is not the case. That would be a big mistake to assume that. 
Thomas Mitchell: Okay, I can accept that. I think that's interesting. I really appreciate your laying that out. The other question I have is totally unrelated, but it was almost a year ago I think that you discussed going after more of the big international multinational corporate business and Martin Sullivan's responsibilities to that. Haven't heard anything lately in the last couple of quarters about that. How is that going and is that still really on the front burner? 
Joseph Plumeri: Not only is it, I think, is it going well, but I will allow you to speak to Martin Sullivan himself. Martin? 
Martin Sullivan: Thanks very much, Joe, and good morning. In fact it was hard to believe it was actually close to the 2 years ago that Joe announced the initiative, and I'm pleased to report that we've got very good momentum. We're very focused, we're very disciplined and expand in the penetration into the Global 1220 as we've defined it, which is the segment of client success of $7 billion in revenues. I think we've got an outstanding value proposition and we're delivering that across the organization in various geographies. And just to give you some indication, I think in a previous call, we gave some information out that we've touched about 27% of the Global 1220 2 years ago. We're now up to close to 40% penetration into that segment. I.e., that means we have a share of wallet of approximately 40% of the Global 1220. So as Joe said, it's going well. The great thing, the most exciting thing is the size of the opportunity out there. Just so we remain very disciplined in our targeting and our marketing to those clients and prospects. 
Operator: Matthew Heimermann, JPMC. 
Matthew Heimermann: Question for you. Just when you're talking about some of the things that dragged on 2Q this year, are you telling us that we should feel, whatever our view was for the second half, we should feel comfortable on that view, or we actually if some of those things hit, should be feeling better about? Like actually potentially thinking that things could be better than we were thinking about originally? 
Joseph Plumeri: For every, that's a tough answer because I don't know how each individual of you feel. Everybody has different aspirations. You've got different estimates for the second half. All I can tell you is how we feel. And hopefully, I've expressed how we feel and we feel very good. We've experienced stuff that I've never experienced in 45 years, to be honest with you. But I'm a fighter like everybody else, and you go through those patches, you go through slumps. And it's the people who dust themselves off and get back in the game, and I hope you're getting a sense that we've gotten back in the game and we're in the game in a big way. And the second half is going to be better. Relative to what each individual of you think better is, I can't tell you that because I can't give you a single answer against what each individual might feel. You're going to have to figure that out for yourself. But what you're getting is we feel like the second half is going to be better. 
Matthew Heimermann: Then just on Will Place, can you give us a sense of maybe the kind of the key things that Will Place that are a little bit different than some of the other things, some of your competitors on? And kind of what, why those differences or how those differences make the platform appealing to customers? 
Joseph Plumeri: Thanks for that question, because that is a great question, and Steve Hearn's going to answer it. 
Steven Hearn: Thanks, Joe. Yes, it is a great question. We're obviously familiar with our competitors' platforms and how they've approached this. We started with a client and it's a very, as I said, in the words I delivered earlier, it's a very client-centric system. So as part of the sales process in our Retail business and I don't know what our Global business is, is we engage with the client, we understand what their appetite and tolerance is for various factors around security, risk, pricing, the quality of the capacity that's provided, et cetera. So there's an engagement with the client directly in putting their appetite in terms of those types of characteristics within the system. The system then through its algorithms, looks at our global marketplace in terms of the carriers and their appetite to write certain risks either in byproduct class, geography and their appetite in terms of engaging with our client base. So it's very, very client centric. Other systems, without being too specific, are driven, I believe, by the desire of the organizations that have built them rather than being necessarily client centric. And that's the key differentiator. And I think that's recognized and recognized by the marketplace with which we trade. 
Matthew Heimermann: And then so is this effectively what it does for -- if I'm a broker working out Willis, it allows me to be more efficient because I might go to with a particular client? If I'm in North America, and 1 client can fill the -- 1 underwriter can get, is all I need to place the business, I can get down to the 2 or 3 that are most necessary. And if I'm in London, putting a wholesale slip together and I need 5 to 10 carriers, I'm not going to waste time because it's going to call the list down to where I'm likely to get hits and everything that's going to fit together. Is that the right way from an internal perspective way to think about it? 
Steven Hearn: Yes, yes. It's actually a very good description of it. Absolutely, there are efficiency gains which we can get out of our broking activity as well, but it is absolutely about matching the right carrier with the right clients. And that takes out some efficiency, and there's all sorts of benefits out of that. Economic, certainly compliance in terms of making sure we've got the right proposition in front of the right customer, all sorts of benefits. But your description's accurate. 
Matthew Heimermann: Okay. And then is this something that potentially could electronically, effectively bind business as well or is that on potential easy-standard policy type things or is that far in the future? 
Steven Hearn: Yes, I think no. It doesn't do that at the moment. I wouldn't want to mislead you obviously, but not do that at the moment. Yes, so I think probably if you envision further down the track in a couple of years time, we've got simplistic transactions where we have facilities in place, where the transaction is simple, absolutely. The moment we'll place hits on top of the core accounting and settlement transactional systems. So there's a way to go, I think, before we'd be in that position. But yes, absolutely part of our vision for the future. 
Operator: Jay Cohen, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Cohen: Maybe just one quick follow-up on the last question on Will Place. Is there a big investment to be made in Will Place? Will that have at least some of the dragging effect on the earnings at all? 
Steven Hearn: Shall I take that, Joe? 
Joseph Plumeri: Yes. 
Steven Hearn: The fundamental investments already been made, actually. As I said earlier, we've now rolled this out in all of our key volume territories, the technologies in place in those operations. It's capitalized cost in many respects and the big investment's done. I mean, you've got that reflected in our numbers. 
Joseph Plumeri: If you're asking, is there more big expense to come to fill this out? The answer is no. Whatever expense is going to come from Will Place is actually going to be in the rollout and implementation phase which is nothing compared to the technology in building the algorithms, Jay, that went into that. I might also add that's really unique about this, that it's also coupled with the Willis Quality Index, which gives us the ability to show our clients what quality measures we've given each carrier in various categories of measure of service. So the quality index is part of selling to the client. This is the best match for you, and you ought to know this is how we scored the carriers against each kind of category like service, claims, paying, how quick they send out the contracts and things of that nature and policy. So it is different than everybody else and this is just something that will be full bloom and manifest itself certainly in the second half of the year and certainly next year. 
Jay Cohen: And then the other question I had was on the global segment, it sounds like there's some -- your potentially some decent-sized transactions that will come in in the third quarter. Just looking at my model, it looks like last year, third quarter, you had some pretty sizable one-time benefits in the Global segment, I think in reinsurance. And I'm just wondering, just for modeling purposes, how though is that comparison in the third quarter? 
Steven Hearn: Yes, we did some work last year in terms of profitability around reinsurance relationship dividend which, as you say, had some benefit in Q3. The track on our reinsurance business, as you've seeing yet again, continues to perform very well. And as I said earlier, born out of new business and some REIT, also good retention and that we expect that momentum to be continued through Q3 and Q4. So I don't see that being an issue for us in Q3. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brett Huff, Stephens Inc. 
Brett Huff: One quick question, you mentioned that these couple of deals that had slipped, is the expectation that those will be a 3Q or 4Q event or have -- is there news on any of them closing? Any other specific timing color on those? 
Joseph Plumeri: Definitely by the end of the year. 
Brett Huff: Okay. And then on the retention, amortization going up, what kind of metrics have you all seen as it relates to that? The benefits that you've seen from that, how are you kind of measuring the return on that sort of expanded bonus pool? 
Joseph Plumeri: Well, if you're asking, a, it's going up. But as I said earlier, and Mike said earlier, it's going up at a lesser pace, at a lesser rate. So it will cost us less next year. If you're asking has this method of paying people, retained them, because it's called the retention award, I think the answer is yes. There are a lot of people, I can't give you a metric, all I know is that our turnover is low, it's in the low double digits, the 12% to 10% range, which as you know, pretty low for a large corporation, but we've never done a survey to find out whether or not the retention award has kept people here. But our sense is, that if you look at the numbers, that it has. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Meyer Shields, Stifel, Nicolaus. 
Meyer Shields: How much were the fraud revenues in the third quarter of 2011? 
Joseph Plumeri: Say it again, please, I'm sorry. 
Meyer Shields: The fraudulent revenues in 2011, just for modeling, how much was that? In, sorry, the third quarter of 2011? 
Joseph Plumeri: I'm sorry, I didn't hear the first part. 
Meyer Shields: Okay, the revenues associated with the fraud in Chicago that you said will post a little bit of a drag to revenues in the third quarter of this year, I'm just trying to get a sense of the number. 
Joseph Plumeri: No. It was $4 million in the second quarter. 
Meyer Shields: And third? 
Joseph Plumeri: Third quarter, it should be about the same. And then it's over. 
Meyer Shields: When you talked about the contingence and employee benefits, are those predicated on growth or profitability? 
Joseph Plumeri: Grab the... 
Victor Krauze: This is Vic. Those are going to be based on predominantly growth, but some of them may have profitability components. Every one of those contracts is negotiated individually state-by-state because that's the nature of that business. So there's going to be a variety of different ways we achieve those. 
Meyer Shields: And last question I guess for Steve. If I ascribe to the series that it's the number of insurance companies that are fighting for share that impact pricing, are the -- Steve, the pipeline for capital markets transaction is something that you think will shift the marketplace? 
Joseph Plumeri: I guess I can answer that question. I can only tell you that from a capital markets point of view, I have never seen the pipeline be as robust as it is today. And mainly in M&A activity. I'd say almost exclusively M&A activity. We're doing a lot of cap bonds, cap bonds have picked up, as you know, a lot. If you want to hear about that, Steve can talk to you or Peter can talk about that. But the M&A activity in the pipeline is huge, I think we'll see lots of deals hit in the second half. But it's almost daily now when Tony Ursano is telling me we've picked up this and we picked up this and we're getting a retainer on that and there's just a lot of things going on. Now I don't know what that tells you other than the fact that I guess insurance companies are looking at the future and saying, "How could we consolidate and sure up our businesses?" 
Steven Hearn: And I think, if may add, Joe. I think your thesis right. I mean, if we take a longer-term view in terms of consolidation in that area, there've to be more transactions and that we have close connection between our reinsurance business and our insurance businesses as well as the capital markets business. There should be an increase in, and as Joe says, robust pipeline for Willis Capital Markets, no question. 
Operator: Next question comes from Iardella, Macquarie. 
Raymond Iardella: A couple of quick questions, first of all maybe for Vic, and you talked about the pipeline a lot more recently. But maybe talk about the conversion rates that you're seeing there, is that something that's getting better, has it been pretty steady as the pipeline grows? 
Victor Krauze: I would say that the conversion rates still need to improve in my mind, we've been tracking them. The first thing we needed to do is fill the pipelines, get to a point where we had something to measure and track. And as we go forward, I would expect them to improve. 
Raymond Iardella: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe for Mike. Any impact going forward in terms of FX if the exchange rate stay where they are? 
Michael Neborak: Not significant. 
Raymond Iardella: Okay. And then I guess last one for Joe, maybe the hot topic sort of with July coming sooner and sooner everyday. I mean, is there something in the company's bylaws that would sort of prohibit them from maybe offering you another contract or extending the contract for another year? 
Joseph Plumeri: No, there's nothing in the company's bylines -- bylaws, excuse me, that have to do with age or ethnic consideration. There's nothing that says you can't hire an old Italian American. 
Raymond Iardella: And so if the board would ask you to stay on for an extra period of time, how would you respond to that? 
Joseph Plumeri: There's nothing to -- I'll respond to it by saying there's nothing in the bylines that prohibit that. 
Operator: Our last question comes from Mark Hughes, SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: Did have you said any uptick in Employee Benefits post the Supreme Court decision? 
Joseph Plumeri: No. I mean, I'll let Vic answer that, but I don't think so. 
Victor Krauze: I don't think we signed any uptick in Employee Benefits due to that. We still feel very bullish about that line of business. We're investing in that business because I think if you have the resources and the specialties in place, volatility gives you an opportunity to distinguish yourself, and that's why we're looking at it. 
Joseph Plumeri: All right. Our business, you got to understand, Mark, is a middle market business in the United States and the middle market is whether Obamacare stays in, stays out, whatever, these people have lots of issues one way or the other with regard to how they're going to take the dollar they have and be able to use it on a maximum basis. And our platform, which is called Total Rewards, allows people to make decisions based upon how much they have to spend on a voluntary basis against the backdrop of each employee. That's why we're so bullish about our Employee Benefits business or what we call human capital, because it does just that. 
Operator: I show no further questions. 
Joseph Plumeri: Okay, thanks a lot everybody. Have a great day. Appreciate the questions. Thank you. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participating. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-27 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. [Operator Instructions] Today's conference is being recorded. If you have any objections, you may disconnect at this time. Now I would like to turn the meeting over to Mr. Peter Poillon. Thank you, you may begin. 
Peter Poillon: Thank you and welcome to our first quarter 2012 earnings conference call and webcast. Our call today is hosted by Joe Plumeri, Willis Group Holdings' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. A webcast replay of the call can be accessed through the Investor Relations section of our website at www.willis.com. If you have any questions after the call, my direct line is (212) 915-8084.
 As we begin our call, let me remind you that we may make certain statements relating to future results which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated. Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update any of these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events.
 Please refer to our SEC filings, including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, and subsequent filings, as well as our earnings press release for a more detailed discussion of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies may be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations segment of our website. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release.
 I'll now turn the call over to Joe. 
Joseph Plumeri: Thank you very much, Peter, welcome and thank you for joining our call today. Here with me are Michael Neborak, Chief Financial Officer; and Steve Hearn, CEO of Willis Global; and other members of the management team. As usual, we'll be happy to answer your questions at the conclusion of our prepared remarks. 
 Let me just give you a review of the results, if I may. Our fully diluted adjusted earnings per share came in at $1.32. Excluding the $0.02 negative impact from foreign exchange, fully diluted adjusted earnings per share came in at $1.34. Organic commissions and fees growth for the company came in at 2%. Excluding impact from our Loan Protector results, organic growth came in at 3%. Needless to say, these quarterly results are far better than those that we reported for our fourth quarter 2011, a little over 2 months ago. 
 Our North America segment, excluding the impact of Loan Protector, produced positive organic commissions and fees growth. That's a great result given where it was just a quarter ago, and I'll discuss some details a little later on the call. I'm excited about that result and proud of the team. 
 Our International segment, other than the U.K., continued its strong performance, growing nicely even in some of the more challenged economies in Europe. While that type of growth in Europe may not be sustainable for the full year, the new management team is making an impact there. Specifically, with regard to the U.K., although growth was still negative, it was much improved from the fourth quarter. Our Global segment was also strong once again, led by a strong quarter out of our Reinsurance business. Our organic expense growth was kept in check, coming in at 2% growth for the quarter, and that was a big factor in the financial result for the quarter. Obviously, I'm pleased with these results. But I and every one of our associates knows that there's a lot of room for improvement and much more work to do, that our quarterly results can fluctuate from period-to-period. Later in the call, Mike Neborak will be providing an overview of our financial results and he'll discuss with you some of the challenges we can expect in our expense lines over the remainder of the year. But let me start off by discussing our segment results for the first quarter in some detail.
 First of all, North America. Organic commissions and fees declined 2% in the first quarter. As expected and as been -- as we've been telling you, the decline was primarily driven by the difficult comparison in Loan Protector business. Excluding the impact of Loan Protector, organic commissions and fees in North America increased 1%. I'm very pleased with the significant improvement over the results from just a quarter ago. 
 First, let me discuss North America's retention rate for the quarter. Last year, we saw 2 ends of the spectrum in terms of retention in North America. In the first quarter, we saw an extreme high of 94% retention, and in the fourth quarter, we saw a significant low of 89% when we lost an unusual amount of business due to M&A activity amongst our client base and defections. This quarter, it came in at 92%, well up from the last quarter. Our retention rate in North America has historically ranged in the low 90s and we are working very hard to ensure that, that continues. 
 Moving onto rates, I'm also happy to report that we saw some positive rates during the first quarter. However, there's not uniform firming as we continue to see differences by geography and line of business. In property, rates for cat risks are rising but are tempered by ample capacity in continued -- continuing weakening -- a weak economy. However, cat-exposed accounts saw increases in the 10% to 15% range. 
 In casualty, most insureds are seeing modest increases on renewal. For workmen's compensation, around 90% of insureds are seeing increases, primarily in California and the Northeast. Rising healthcare costs are also exerting pressure on the EB side. 
 Now let me provide a few more comments on the segment's results. In terms of geographies, we saw a good growth in the Northeast and I'm ecstatic to say the West, which is for the first time in a long time, and Mexico. Across our industry practices, financial services, financial and Executive Risk and real estate hospitality all did well. In Employee Benefits, our EB business was flat quarter-over-quarter. That business was negatively impacted by the results of the business affected by the fraud that we disclosed in our 10-K and in the quarter's earnings press release. Otherwise, it would have been up nicely. 
 The Construction Practice continues to face challenges in the face of a difficult economy but  is positioned well for an eventual upturn and is getting better quarter-by-quarter. North America's new business generation was in the high single digits. That is solid, but certainly not enough to overcome the negative impact from Loan Protector. 
 Finally, North America's margins during the quarter was 23.5%, down 20 basis points on last year's margin, driven by the decline in the Loan Protector business. So all in all, a very good quarter for North America, a great comeback, and I think we're on our way back. 
 International. In our International business, we reported 4% organic growth in the quarter. We continue to see strong growth in a number of countries in the fast growing, Eastern Europe, Latin America and Asia regions. We delivered strong double-digit growth in Eastern Europe, driven by Russia. Latin America also grew double-digits, both in its Retail and Reinsurance businesses and across most geographies, driven by Brazil, Argentina and Colombia. 
 Asia, overall, grew high single digits driven by strong growth in China and Korea. Continental Europe grew only low single digits as the economic challenges facing many countries across the region impacted a few of our previously strong performing countries like Denmark and Italy. However, we continue to do relatively well in 2 of our larger markets, Spain and Germany, but not quite as well as we usually do because of the economic factors. So we may see some tempering of growth over the remainder of the year in those regions as well. 
 Similar to last quarter, International growth was again negatively impacted by our U.K. Retail business, which was down mid single digits. This is a significant improvement though from the decline in the fourth quarter of 2011, and reflects the work that's being done to strengthen the business. We expect the U.K. business to continue to improve throughout the year. However, the U.K. economy, as you've been reading lately, will probably continue to present challenges, and therefore, will likely suppress our ability to get to growth in that region in 2012. The U.K. represents about 16% of the International segments revenues, so you can do the math to figure out what the remainder of the International we had excluding the U.K. 
 Let me provide a little bit more insight into the overall International segment results. New business generation in the International segment was in the high single digits with no significant rate impact this quarter. Overall retention remained very healthy at 95%, about the same as last year. Our operating margin in International declined 210 basis points but remains at a healthy level and the decline in margins is primarily, again, attributed to -- attributable to our U.K. business. 
 Now let me talk about Global. The Global business segment was once again strong in the first quarter, delivering 5% organic BNF growth. Let me give you some details by business. First, Reinsurance. In the seasonally largest quarter for the Reinsurance sector, its organic growth was in the high single digits. The growth was pretty evenly distributed between North America, International and Specialty's Reinsurance, meaning that all 3 were up high single digits. New business growth was in the double digits and we benefited from overall rate improvement. 
 Global Specialties, this business had a tough organic growth comp due to a $6 million positive impact that we called out in the first quarter in 2011 from a change in accounting treatment in our specs business. So Global specs saw a low single digit decline in organic growth because of that comparison. Marine and energy did well, with both businesses growing double digits, while aerospace was down. Willis Faber & Dumas had a very strong quarter generating low double-digit organic growth helped by some favorable timing. Willis Capital Markets & Advisory had a decent quarter, closing a couple of deals in the first quarter and continuing to build its pipeline for the remainder of the year. But it had a difficult comparison relative to the first quarter of 2011 when it saw heavy M&A advisory deal activity. As we all expect, this business continues, as you know, to provide lumpy quarter-over-quarter results. 
 Operating margin in the Global segment was down 80 basis points quarter-over-quarter to a seasonally high adjusted 48.1%, still very, very good. I would like to now discuss some preliminary results of our revenue initiatives that we've discussed in previous quarters.
 I mentioned last quarter that we spent a great amount of time training associates in our Sales 2.0 initiative, and we've continued doing that during the first quarter. The goal is to improve associates' overall knowledge of our clients and potential clients' businesses and the risks that those businesses in the middle market face. To date, we've identified over 17,000 prospects in the new -- in the industries and geographies we are targeting. In the first quarter alone, associates in North America, the U.K. and Europe held over 1,000 Sales 2.0 meetings with clients and we have converted over 12% of those meetings into wins, generating approximately $5 million in revenue. Now it's a modest start to a campaign that I expect will be beneficial to our future results, and the start of a fundamental change to the way we professionalize our sales. This is the sales process of Willis. We certainly rolled out 2.0 in Latin -- we've recently rolled out 2.0 in Latin America, and expect to launch in Asia later this year. 
 In late 2011 and earlier this year, we began the roll out of Will Place. To remind you, Will Place is a placement tool that is designed to provide science to the art of broking by providing our clients with the best of markets at the best terms and prices. It is currently live across over 70% of our qualifying direct Insurance premium volume and we continue to roll out across the group. Now what I'd like to do is turn it over to Steve Hearn, who is our new CEO of Willis Global, to give you an update on what has been happening since he's become CEO of Willis Global. Stephen? 
Steven Hearn: Thank you, Joe. Good morning, everyone. I was appointed as the Chairman and CEO of Willis Global at the very end of last year. Immediately previous to this, I've been the CEO of Willis Re. I take the opportunity to remind you that the Global business segment includes our Reinsurance business, our Global Specialty business and our third-party and wholesale-focused business, Willis Faber & Dumas. In addition to this, the Global segment incorporates our central team of placement professionals responsible for managing our carrier relationships, our Global Solutions business, led by Martin Sullivan, tasked with increasing our penetration of a target list, very large clients, as well as our analytics leadership and other group-wide client-facing activities. 
 Many of these business units and activities are market leaders in terms of market share and/or reputation. In every case, we have dedicated sales, service and placement professionals who relentlessly deliver for our clients and other stakeholders. As you've heard today, these businesses have once again performed well in the quarter, and the aggregate driving growth and margin for the group. As I took over my new role at the end of last year, I initiated a 90-day review of all of our businesses in this segment. Whilst it was clear that the businesses that comprised Global were successful, I needed to understand what more we could do to drive growth, improve service, synergies, et cetera. I engaged with the leadership team of the constituent business, carriers with whom we trade, clients and others to gain a view of the challenges we face and the opportunities which we could exploit further. My 90 days ended at the beginning of April, and I'm delighted to report all good news. 
 In addition to having very strong businesses with good underlying performance, we have considerable opportunity. The opportunity manifests in 2 particular ways: Firstly, opportunity to continue the inherent organic growth in the constituent parts; secondly, a new opportunity to bring the businesses closer together. The businesses are successful, every one of them. We've built a structure that is not as connected as it could be and should be. A structure that manifests through multiple regulated entities, a plethora of P&Ls and brands, too many management layers and some mis-synergies. I've concluded that our structure in Global needs to be simplified and I believe that this can be readily achieved and will bring both short-term and sustainable benefit to our clients, our associates, and, of course, our shareholders. I believe we can better maximize the $40 billion of premium that Willis places on behalf of its clients around the world. We have examples where we have driven significant client benefit through adopting a more coordinated approach, but our structures in Global impede this being consistently delivered. From restructuring our Global business, a simpler, more client friendly, placement-focused structure will emerge. So I'm in change mode now. But good news is I'm pushing on an open door. Having consulted with our representatives of all of our key stakeholders, it's plain to me that there's an overwhelming desire to pursue the new vision for Global, the result and strategy and opportunities that are created. 
 The management team has been exemplary in helping me manage this process through to the stage that I'm now at. We have a very strong and unique culture at Willis. We're inherently a collegiate, collaborative group. This new structure coupled with our key placement strategy this year, Will Place, will leave us in a position to take these excellent businesses to an even greater level of performance. I'm excited about this opportunity and I know I can speak on behalf of my entire senior team in being certain that our future is very bright indeed. 
 With that, I'll turn it over to Mike Neborak to discuss our financial results. 
Michael Neborak: Thank you, Steve. I'm going to focus my comments on areas most important to our first quarter and impacts on 2012. All comparisons are to Q1 2011 unless otherwise noted. All references to adjusted figures are adjusted for those items that we disclosed in the supplemental financial information in our press release. I'll describe them briefly during this review. 
 Reported net income from continuing operations was $225 million, or $1.28 per diluted share. That compares to reported net income from continuing operations of $35 million, or $0.20 per diluted share, in the first quarter of 2011. These figures were negatively impacted by certain adjusted items as follows. In the first quarter of 2011, we recorded $97 million of charges related to the 2011 operational review. Also in that quarter, we recorded a $171 million charge related to the make-whole on the redemption of Senior Notes. In the first quarter of 2012, the adjusting item is for an additional $13 million related to the fraud we disclosed and discussed in our 2011 Form 10-K. At the time of our 10-K filing, we stated that we were conducting an internal investigation. That investigation is now complete, and during the quarter, we took an additional $12 million charge to other expenses to write-off remaining uncollectible accounts receivable balances uncovered during the second part of our investigation. We also recorded $1 million of legal expenses associated with that investigation.
 Therefore, adjusted net income from continuing operations, which excludes the items I just mentioned, was $233 million or $1.32 per share in the first quarter of 2012, and that compares to $224 million or $1.29 per diluted share in the first quarter of 2011. 
 Adjusted operating margin from continuing operations was 32.6%, down from 33% in the first quarter of 2011. I might add that 30 out of that 40 basis point decline is tied to lower investment income. Our first quarter 2012 results were negatively impacted by $0.02 from foreign currency fluctuations. 
 On the revenue side, our total reported revenues increased $13 million or 1% to $1 billion. And similarly, reported commissions and fees also increased 1%. Since Joe covered organic growth, I'll move onto investment income. Full investment income was $5 million, down from $8 million in the year ago period, primarily due to the declining net yields on cash and cash equivalents. As I discussed last quarter, the decline in net yields was driven mostly by the reduced benefit of a hedge program that has been in place for the past several years and has been running off. More specifically, we are no longer renewing those hedges because the risk reward relationship is not economical. So this decline in investment income was expected.
 Fiduciary assets on the balance sheet included cash of $1.8 billion flat with the year-end balance. 
 Now let me turn to expenses. Total reported operating expenses were down $72 million or 9% to $696 million. When you eliminate the irrelevant adjusting items, adjusted operating expenses grew by $8 million from $675 million to $683 million, or approximately 1%. During the quarter, currency fluctuations reduced our reported expenses by about $7 million, making our underlying growth in adjusted operating expenses equal to $15 million or 2%.
 With respect to compensation, adjusted salaries and benefits were up 1% or $5 million from $501 million to $506 million in the current quarter. Excluding the $6 million of positive impact from foreign exchange, underlying growth in salaries and benefits was 2% or $11 million. The primary driver of the growth was the amortization expense related to cash retention awards which grew $18 million from $44 million in the year-ago quarter to $62 million in the current quarter. Adjusted other operating expenses were up $2 million from $141 million to $143 million. Depreciation expense was $19 million, up $3 million from Q1 2011 as systems-related projects were placed into service in late 2011 and early 2012. The reported depreciation expense for Q1 2011 included $4 million of expense related to the operational review. 
 Finally, amortization expense was $15 million, down from $17 million in Q1 2011 due to the scheduled reduction of HRH-related amortization. And interest expense was $32 million, down from $40 million in the first quarter of last year, primarily due to the refinancing of high-cost debt late in the first quarter of 2011. 
 Lastly on expenses, I want to make the following comments. First, I'll remind you that in our second quarter and third quarters of 2011, we had expense benefits related to the releases of the funds and reserves for favorably settled legal liabilities which amounted to $9 million and $5 million, respectively. While we analyze legal reserves and all resource for that fact, quarterly, we have no basis at this time that would cause us to expect some benefits in core spending periods in 2012. So expense comparisons may be challenged as a result. 
 Second, starting towards the end of the first quarter of 2011, we initiated our operational review and started the expense reduction process that led to an expense benefit of approximately $80 million in 2011 and $135 million annualized. We started seeing benefits from that expense reduction in the second quarter last year. 
 However, starting toward the end of the second quarter and throughout the remainder of 2011, we were hiring associates with appropriate skill sets and in growth regions of our businesses. In essence, we started reinvesting our savings to help drive future growth. The full year impact of that investment in new employees who were hired throughout 2011 will impact us in 2012 and comparisons over the next 3 quarters will be challenged as a result. And we continue to hire modestly in 2012 in regions and businesses where we feel doing so will drive further growth. 
 Third, I've discussed in past quarters our significant recent investments in systems such as Will Place, our innovative placement system, new Global broking systems and a new general ledger and information system to name a few.
 All of these technology initiatives are investments in our future and will allow us to continue to deliver the Willis Cause. As the systems go live, depreciation expense will increase. These examples of items that will make expense comparisons to the prior year more challenging in the quarters ahead and I just want to make everybody aware. 
 Turning to tax, reported income tax expense for the quarter was $68 million, resulting in an income tax rate of 24%, compared to the reported income tax expense of $1 million and a tax rate of 4% in the year ago quarter. On an adjusted basis, meaning excluding adjusting items I discussed earlier, income tax expense for the quarter was $73 million, resulting in an income tax rate of 24.5% compared to an income tax expense of $76 million and a rate of 26% in the year ago quarter. Similarly, the effective tax rate on ordinary income for the quarter was approximately 24.5%, compared to 26% for the first quarter of 2011. We expect the 2012 effective tax rate to be between 24% and 25%. 
 Turning to the balance sheet. Total debt outstanding at end of the quarter was approximately $2.5 billion, and our debt to adjusted EBITDA ratio was approximately 2.6x. Consistent with past years, we did draw down on our revolver during the first quarter, and at March 31, approximately $85 million was outstanding. By comparison, at the end of the first quarter in 2011, we had $100 million outstanding on our revolver. During the quarter, we purchased 600,000 shares of stock for a total price of about $21 million. You can follow our share buyback activity on our website in the IR section. We update our activity daily. 
 At March 31, cash and cash equivalents amounted to $464 million. That compares to $436 million at December 31. Approximately $116 million of that cash is available for general corporate purposes. And finally, during Q1, we generated approximately $60 million in cash from operations. With that, I'll turn it back to Joe. 
Joseph Plumeri: Thanks, a lot Mike. Let me just conclude by telling you we feel like we've got it off to the right foot in the first part of the year, but we've got a lot of work to do. Everyone here at Willis is absolutely focused on growing the business, and I promise you, we will continue to do deliver on the Willis Cause. We're available now for any questions that you may have. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  Keith Walsh, Citigroup. 
Keith Walsh: Joe, just looking at the quarter, definitely against my numbers at least, the core beat against all the metrics I look at, especially North America. Just the curious, why would you stop giving guidance if you've got these type of metrics in the first quarter, why would you come out with a comment that seems sort of negative? And if you could just... 
Joseph Plumeri: That's a reasonable question. Let me put it simply. Things are uncertain, Keith, and I don't want to be in the guidance business anymore. For example, right after we reported our fourth quarter results, we learned of a fraud that was uncovered in one of North America's stand-alone businesses and learned we had to reverse some revenue and take an additional charge and it may affect that business, going -- the revenues going forward. We recently finished up that conversation and that investigation, and it's behind us. But it's just another example of just how difficult and uncertain and unexpected any of these things could be, and I don't want to be in that business anymore, it's as simple as that. 
Keith Walsh: Okay, and just for Mike Neborak, looking at the core expenses, you mentioned only grew 2% this quarter, well below what you took last quarter, but then you mentioned the tougher comps as well as the new hires coming up to think about. But I guess the question really is, is there any reason to believe that what you're talking about going forward, isn't reflected in your full year 2012 view you gave last quarter of 3% the 4% expense growth? Because I think that's really the key here, if you can talk to that? 
Michael Neborak: Well listen Keith, as Joe mentioned, we're not in the guidance business anymore, so I'm not going to comment any further on that. We're just not giving guidance. 
Keith Walsh: Well I have to assume, Mike, just to follow-up on that because it's an important point. I have to assume you knew, these things you talked about on the expense side were done over a year ago. I have to assume you contemplated the implications of that, when you're thinking about 2012. 
Michael Neborak: Listen Keith, I'm not giving guidance, I'm not going to give guidance on expenses and then back into other figures, and as Joe mentioned, we're out of the guidance business. 
Operator: Yaron Kinar, Deutsche Bank. 
Yaron Kinar: Can we talk a little bit about the exposure decline in North America, where's that coming from? Or what lines or geographies do you see as still more challenged than others? 
Joseph Plumeri: Basically, what we're making reference to is the fact that the economy, generally speaking, is getting a little bit better, but it's not getting -- it's not great. And people aren't buying more insurance. And you have rates going up and some exposures, and you simply don't find people because they've got to pay more, a little bit more for insurance, buying more insurance. So you don't see exposures going up as well as rates going up at the same time. So you've got to understand that they mitigate each other as a result of that. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And then can we talk a little bit about buybacks versus M&A? You repurchased roughly $20 million this quarter. I would think for an equivalent acquisition, for $5 million, $10 million, $20 million worth of revenue, you'd probably be buying at lower valuations than Willis' stock is valued today, so how do you reconcile the 2 or think of the 2 opportunities? 
Joseph Plumeri: I think of the opportunities more in terms of the opportunity that you have to buy something that is in the right place, in the right geography, in the right segment, in the right business, and what our needs are, more than I do against the mathematics or the economics of whether it's cheaper to buy back your stock or cheaper to buy a company. Sometimes, you've got to look at the long-term effect of your strategy, where you want to be, how you want to grow a particular region, how you want to grow a particular business. And as a result of that, you then make a decision as to what's best. If you do it purely on an economic basis, the economics will always come out that you should buy stock back. But when you do that, at the end of a period of time, all you're going to do is have no company and a lot of stock that you bought back. So it's got to be done on a basis of your strategy and what that strategy does to help you grow your business. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay, and then finally one last question, if I may. On the Gras Savoye put option that was exercised in the first quarter, I guess I was a little bit surprised by my understanding back in 2009 was that there was no more put option for Gras Savoye in general, so did I miss something, or are there other put elements of that I should be thinking of? 
Michael Neborak: So I -- just a point of clarification, in the first quarter we bought the 49% interest in Gras Savoye Re that we did not own, we'd own 51%. It has nothing to do with the large Gras Savoye Re in terms of the put option you're referring to. So the 2 are total separate. I think that's where you're a little bit... 
Joseph Plumeri: We had separated the Reinsurance business out a long time ago. As part of that separation where we kind of took over that part of the French Reinsurance business, that put option was put into place years ago when we first initiated that particular program. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay, so the general or the overarching Gras Savoye doesn't have the put option yet. A couple of its subsidiary... 
Joseph Plumeri: No, don't confuse Willis Re, Gras Savoye Re with Gras Savoye. 
Yaron Kinar: Okay. And the increase in the estimated put values from $40 million to $72 million, what -- year-over-year what did that stem from? 
Michael Neborak: I'm not clear what... 
Yaron Kinar: You're saying [indiscernible] the potential amount payable from these options is not expected to exceed $72 million, whereas in 2010, it was $40 million, so that seems like a pretty significant increase. 
Michael Neborak: I don't know. I mean I think the Reinsurance business has done fairly well. These things are triggered on certain formulas, so it would be based purely on the results of the business from that period of time until now. 
Operator: Jay Gelb, Barclays. 
Jay Gelb: Can you talk about the recovery in North America, it was a very sharp improvement, 1Q versus 4Q on your organic growth? 
Joseph Plumeri: Yes, I'll make a comment and Ill let Vic Krauze, who is the Chairman and CEO from North America, make a comment. As I said before, when we had our last call, that you had a whole bunch of things that occurred in the fourth quarter that just caught up to us. And that we didn't consider it to be a fatal or something you see along -- for an extended period of time. We lost a couple of very big accounts through M&A. They were huge, and it affected our retention and it affected our results. We had people leave during the course of the HRH integration, which happened over a 3-year period of time. When somebody leaves, account leaves a year later, 6 months later, 2 years later and in that quarter, they all happened to leave, sort of the at the same time, so it kind of caught up to us. So the retention levels were not good, and as a result, that was the biggest effect. Then you throw the issue of Loan Protector in there. And our EB business and our Construction business, which were our basis businesses, so everything kind of caught up. Now what you find now is the retention level's kind of returning to normal. Our new business levels starting to gain momentum again, especially with our pipelines growing. Our EB business, coming back, I told you that was up nicely. So you look at all those things together and look at the thing kind of stabilizing after a tough time and an integration and a very difficult economic environment, and that's what you're seeing. Vic, you want to add anything to that? 
Victor Krauze: Sure, Joe, thank you, and good morning, everybody. As Joe pointed out, I think Q4 last year was an unusual confluence of events. Our retention levels, as Joe mentioned, historically are in the low '90s. They're back to where we expect them to be, and where we work for them. Obviously we aspire to higher retention levels, but over time I see them where they are. The other thing I'd point out is, as we've talked about previously, we spent a lot of time working on Sales 2.0 over the last year, and with that came a lot of intensity on pipeline and pipeline activity. When I took this job a little over a year ago, I thought pipelines were not where I want them to be and when we look at the metrics on our pipelines, they have done very well, in most cases more than twice what we had a year ago. And I expect that to start coming to fruition over time. it's still challenging, we're working very hard at it, but I feel positive about where we're headed as a team. Joe? 
Joseph Plumeri: Okay? 
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Glasspiegel, Langen McAlenney. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Joe and Mike, you got an old friend back to keep in touch with you guys. Joe, as someone who's known you for 30 years, you're, for a CEO, you're more mindful of margins than anyone else. Remind me, what sort of organic growth in your head do you think you need to be able to hold margins. And if put a gun to your head and asked you which is more important over the balance of the year, holding margins or showing organic growth, which way do you lean, recognizing you care about both? 
Joseph Plumeri: I look at both, as you know. I've always been an organic growth guy. I've always been a sales guy. And after that, I've always suggested that it's great to grow your revenue, but if you don't turn revenue into margin, it doesn't matter very much. So the answer's both. I think we have to be in the 4%, 5% organic growth range to be able to sustain the high margins that we have. And obviously, we're working, as you hear from everybody, very hard to be able to, at the end of the year, look back and see that we've grown organically 4%, 5% and that's what our goal is and we hope to sustain our margins by virtue of doing it. 
Robert Glasspiegel: Second question is, the question I hear most from your large investors is, "Where is Joe at picking a successor?" And maybe you could share with us, in your head, where you think you are, timing wise on that important question? And when do you think you need to let shareholders know your thoughts? 
Joseph Plumeri: Well, as I said before, and as we have discussed on these calls and individual meetings, we got a lot to do here. So I concentrate all my time on running this business, which is what my job is. And I'll let the Board worry about succession, which is what they do, that's the job of a Board. And so the Board is worrying about succession, and I'm worrying about achieving our goals this year and making this company the great company that I think it is. There's no other timetable there. 
Robert Glasspiegel: You don't see it as a high priority for the Board? You're on the Board, and you sense where their head is at. 
Joseph Plumeri: It's a high priority of the Board simply because everybody knows my contract is up July 7, 2013. It's their job to make it a high priority. It is my job to make the highest priority running this business every day. 
Operator: Adam Klauber, William Blair. 
Adam Klauber: I think Steve Hearn had mentioned in the Global business he's looking at I think, one, efficiency and two, revenue opportunities. I guess how long will that process take and when could we see some benefit? 
Steven Hearn: It's a long-term plan, no question about it. This is a restructure that we're just starting, I would anticipate the restructure itself wouldn't be in place until later in the year. As I mentioned, we've got regulated entities and various other activities to take into consideration, so it's going to take us a while to get there in terms of the restructure itself. As I said, one of the focus around it is our placement activity, and again, engaging with our carriers in that regard, which will start immediately in terms of rolling out our new strategy but that will manifest itself over the long term. So it's very much a long-term plan in terms of a change in strategy for the Global businesses. 
Adam Klauber: Does that involve using the Will Place platform? 
Steven Hearn: That is absolutely core to the strategy. Will Place, as you've heard before, is a significant strategic initiative for the group, technology that we're rolling out throughout our operations globally and we'll place all of our clients business through Will Place and that is well ahead of where we expect it to be in terms of implementation and will absolutely be at the core of the relationship between our client, Willis, and the carriers with whom we place the business into. 
Adam Klauber: A question for Mike. Mike, I think you said you've added producers in higher growth areas? Could you give us any quantification on a percentage basis or a number? And also, along with that, will the impact of those hires, would that have already seen in the first quarter? Or will, for some reason, the impact on expenses go up more from these new producers in the second and third quarter? 
Michael Neborak: Well first of all, I can't really give you numerically, in response to your the first part of the question, kind of numbers associated with kind of where those producers are, geography by geography. And at this point, to the comments I made in the expense section about some of the challenging comparables, that reflect the fact that we did add producers and other staff to areas that will support our growth in the long term during the beginning at the end of the second quarter of 2011 and consistently up through the remainder of 2011. 
Adam Klauber: Okay, and then, one final question on the market, probably for Joe. Clearly, the carriers have been pushing for rate, are they accelerating that effort? And are get they getting more serious about getting rate on the casualty [ph] side of the business in the U.S.? 
Joseph Plumeri: I would say yes on both counts. They are pushing rate and they are seriously about continuing pushing rate. 
Operator: Ray Iardella, Macquarie. 
Raymond Iardella: Maybe just touching on the Global segment, obviously it's been one of the better growth segments for you guys, and obviously, from a margin perspective one of the better margin segments. I'm just curious, after Steve, you're doing this review of the business, I mean what is the longer-term margin upside for Global, do you think? 
Steven Hearn: Well I'm certainly not going to follow Joe and Mike and put us back into the guidance business. They are consistently profitable parts of the group, consistently provide growth and I don't expect that to change. 
Joseph Plumeri: Let me make a comment on that. Obviously, when you have a very good part of the business that has that kind of margin, you don't satisfy yourself by saying the margin is so good, you can't do any better. So that's it. What Steve has been talking about in terms of reorganizing the business and looking at Global from a different perspective, is to find ways that we can maximize our ability for all of those various divisions inside of Global to work more cooperatively so that we can increase margins. So the whole point is not be satisfied. They're high, you can't be satisfied and say they're already high, and then on these calls, we say to you, "They're high, you can't -- what do you expect from me?" We're always looking for better ways and different ways and new ways to improve our margins, so the answer to the question is, is we expect the margins to be higher, which is the reason for the restructuring and taking a fresh look at that whole Global operation, even though it's as good as it is. 
Raymond Iardella: Yes, I guess just touching on that, I mean the 5% organic growth in the first quarter, but margin's slightly down, I mean is there anything sort of onetime in nature in the Global business? Or is that just how the business is running currently? 
Michael Neborak: I think if you look at the expense growth as I characterized in the first quarter, a lot of it came from the amortization of the retention awards. Those awards get pushed down into all the businesses and so what you see there in terms of margin compression I would attribute to that at the Global level. 
Joseph Plumeri: The other issue too, in specs, in that division, there was a onetime accounting provision that I talked about on a comparable basis that was about $6 million a year ago, which threw the margin off or those numbers would be much higher. 
Raymond Iardella: Okay, understood. And I guess one other question. Just given some of the rate commentary that the insurance carriers have talked about, I think thus far in the first quarter, just curious, do you know, I would expect you guys, I would think, to be a little bit more leveraged commercial pricing. Is there anything particular about your book of business in North America that maybe you're not seeing as much rate as the insurance guys are talking about? Or maybe you can help me reconcile those comments? 
Victor Krauze: I thought I might jump in, this is Vic. I think there's a couple of things going on. Number one is, the carriers are all pushing rate very aggressively, but all of our businesses is also then being marketing very aggressively. In that case, clients are not going to just accept rate increase without having us look at the entire market. So that aspect of the business is ongoing and we're busier than ever doing that on behalf on our clients. Again, as Joe had pointed out earlier, when rate is going up, clients will file as limit [ph], they'll pay higher deductibles, they'll choose not to insure items, and so, the stick rate for us tends to be a lot lower than what those carriers are claiming. And then lastly, the rate that they tend to claim is on the book that they retain. And they don't talk about rate on new business and you have to be mindful of that as well. 
Raymond Iardella: And any indication of maybe the where you guys are seeing the delta between renewal and new rates at this point in time? 
Victor Krauze: Well, we measure our rate on our renewal book on new business, it's not a quantifiable metric, if I understand your question correctly. But we are seeing an increase in rate on the basis carriers and we see incremental increase in terms of what sticks to us. 
Operator: Bob Mitchell, Miller Tabak. 
Thomas Mitchell: I have a couple of questions. I guess the first one sort of is a rehash of something we went over in the last quarter, which is, given the level of exposure growth and at least a large segment of the development world, it strikes me that -- developed, I should have said, it seems like the underlying condition of the business overall is that everybody has to run a little harder to stay in place. Everybody is well positioned for exposures to start increasing. Everybody's keeping their producer base or expanding their producer base, everybody's looking for a tuck-under acquisitions. But at the same time, the longer this kind of -- it's almost a hangover environment from the recession continues, it seems like everybody the business really is having a hard time being able to, let's say, cut costs without cutting muscle, or find ways of getting positive operating leverage without a little bit of the tide starting to rise. Is that an accurate description? 
Joseph Plumeri: I think that's an accurate description of life. I do. I don't know that there's been a time that I've been the CEO this company, which is 12 years, when that hasn't been the case. You're always trying to hold on to producers, you're always trying to hold on to clients, you're always trying to cut cost, but not too many costs, you're always trying to invest in the business, but not so much that you spend too much money and your expenses go up. You're always trying to do those things. The only difference is, is that to the extent that those things happen, based upon the economic environment or the issues that you have to go through at a particular time, like the economic meltdown of the last 3 years, or trying to do an HRH deal when that happens, it obviously modulates the course of events that you dictated and did very well. But those things happen all the time. That's why you run a business the way you do. You choose to recruit a bunch of producers from a certain place and you say to yourself, are you going to have an expense problem that year or are they going to be accretive, and should you take the chance of hiring them, or take the chance to bring those accounts at all. Should you do that acquisition in this particular place to be able to bolster a position, and therefore take the money out of your balance sheet to do it, or you should use that money to buy stock? Or you should make investments, and, like Mike said in the systems that we do, and then suffer the depreciation cost that go along with that, which hurts your P&L over a long-term basis. It's a constant juggling act against the basis of your strategy. If your strategy says this is where you want to be, and you look at your strategy when you're making those decisions, and you're saying to yourself, is it relevant? Is a correct? Does it correlate to what we want to do, then you do it. So I think all of the issues that you talked about are absolutely correct, we do that every day. Now we're just, you've got another ingredient in the mix, which is rate. Obviously, the carriers would like the rate to go up, our job is to make sure that we get the best prices and terms and conditions for our clients, and so it's a tug-of-war between those 2 issues against the backdrop in America, still of a economy that is not that great, people are not running up and down, looking for -- to buy more insurance, they're looking at [indiscernible] rate, or [indiscernible] limit -- less limit, they're looking at retention levels or looking at all sorts of things that make sure that the rate doesn't affect them a lot. So the best I can tell you is, is it that you're right along all those lines, and that's the way we run our business every day. 
Thomas Mitchell: It's almost a follow on, but the secondary question is this. I mean we know that way back when, in the '60s, insurance brokers we went public so they could use their stock to make acquisitions on a tax favorable basis for their -- for sellers who gave you an advantage of using the currency of your stock. In the current environment, is there really an advantage to being public in your view? And I think you've been on both sides of this. Is there really an advantage to being a public company? I'm sort of following on your discussion of not being in the business of giving guidance, I mean, yes, of course not, you run the business, so is there really a compelling reason to be public instead of private? 
Joseph Plumeri: I think that's an excellent question, if we were still in business school. Simply because the conditions differ from time to time when it's, when things are easy, when it's a -- markets are going in your direction, the economy's great, you're not dealing with fluctuations around the world, the rate, economy, foreign exchange, all of those sorts of things. If everything is great, then it's terrific to be a public company because you don't have those things to deal with. When you got a lot of difficulties to deal with, and you've got a lot of issues to deal with, you want to invest in the business, obviously it's better to do it on a private basis. So it's a difficult question to answer, I mean it's an obvious one. And I don't think there's an advantage at one point or a disadvantage at another point. It just has to do where you are, the place and time, how you got there. We got here because we were purchased by Will -- by KKR, everybody's been invest in the business needs an exit strategy. You either sell it to somebody else or you go public, and we went public and quite frankly, have done quite well over that period. 
Operator: Mark Hughes, SunTrust. 
Mark Hughes: We had a real nice snapback in the Associates line, I think you had suggested Gras Savoye might require some extra investments, something like that. in the fourth quarter call, but doesn't look like it impacted your results in Q1. Is that, should we look for that line to continue to be either more profitable --
 [Technical Difficulty] 
Joseph Plumeri: So Mark, what I would say is on the Associate side, if you look at the quarterly progression, I mean, typically, the first quarter is always the best for the Associates line and in fact, in the second and third quarters, you'll see negative figures on that line. And then in the fourth quarter, it's also a decent figure for that line. So I wouldn't read anything into the first quarter other than kind of on a comparable basis, in the quarter, a year ago, basically the numbers are flat, so that's how I would look at it. 
Operator: And it looks like you have one more question and it comes from Yaron Kinar, Deutsche Bank. 
Yaron Kinar: Just one quick follow-up on the restructuring of the Global segment. Are there any associated costs that we should be expecting? 
Steven Hearn: No, I haven't anticipated anything unusual in terms of costs to do the restructuring, no. 
Joseph Plumeri: Operator, is there any other questions? 
Operator: I show no more questions. 
Joseph Plumeri: Thank you very much, everybody. Have a great day. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating, you may disconnect at this time.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-08-16 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Roger F. Millay  Vice President and Chief Financial Officer John Haley  Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Analysts:  Paul Ginocchio  Deutsche Bank Shlomo Rosenbaum  Stifel, Nicolaus & Company Timothy McHugh  William Blair & Company Sara Gubins  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Jeffrey Volshteyn  JPMorgan Tobey Sommer  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Mark S. Marcon  Robert W. Baird & Co. Vincent Lin  Goldman Sachs 
Operator:  Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 Towers Watson & Co. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Kim and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session at the end of todays conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host for todays conference Mr. Roger Millay, Chief Financial Officer. Please proceed Mr. Millay.
Roger F. Millay:  Thank you. Good morning, everyone. This is Roger Millay. Welcome to the Towers Watson earnings call. Im here today with John Haley, Towers Watsons Chief Executive Officer. Please refer to our website for this mornings press release. Todays call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone for the next week by dialing 617-801-6888; confirmation number, 22481994. The replay will also be available for the next three months on our website. Our website also contains a few slides that are complementary to todays call. Those slides include certain reconciliation information required by SEC Regulation G. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, including statements, among others, regarding expected financial and operating performance. Any statements made during this call that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. You are cautioned that these statements may be affected by the important factors set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in todays press release and that consequently actual operations and results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by federal securities laws. After our prepared remarks, we will open the conference call for your questions. Now, Ill turn the call over to John Haley.
John Haley: Okay. Thank you, Roger. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, we will review our results for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011 and our guidance for the first quarter of the 2012 fiscal year. Im pleased to report that revenues for the quarter were $851 million, an increase of 14% over prior year reported revenues and an increase of 8% on a constant currency basis. Our organic growth rate, which adjusts for changes in foreign currency exchange rates, acquisitions and divestitures, was 6% for the quarter. For the fiscal year, revenues were $3.26 billion. The fourth quarter marks the end of our first full fiscal year as Towers Watson and we are very pleased with our financial results and our integration progress. We are well positioned to build upon our success from this year and we have a strong platform for long-term profitable growth. In recognition of our strong performance this year, we announced earlier today that the Towers Watson Board has approved a 33% dividend increase for fiscal 2012. We view this as further evidence of the confidence that management and the Board have in Towers Watson and our future. Turning to segment performance, all of our segments performed well and achieved organic revenue growth. Our segment organic growth this quarter is as follows. Benefits 4%, Risk and Financial Services 1%, and Talent and Rewards 14%. Our revenue growth reflects wins from both new and existing clients. Clients have responded very positively to the broad array of services and deep expertise we can provide as Towers Watson. Our associates have done an outstanding job of building strong relationships and partnering with our clients to understand their challenges and offer creative solutions. Its also important to note that we still have easier prior year comparables due to where we were as Towers Watson at this time last year. The fourth quarter of last year was only our second quarter of operation as Towers Watson. Our adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $159 million, up 35% from last year and our adjusted EBITDA margin for the quarter was 19%. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $0.59 and adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.6. Adjusted diluted earnings per share increased 18% over the prior year. Adjusted diluted earnings per share include a normalized income tax rate and exclude non-recurring other income transaction and integration costs, stock-based compensation costs from restricted shares issued in conjunction with the merger, and the amortization of merger accounting intangible assets. We remain focused on profitable growth and are well positioned to take advantage of market opportunities. Now, we will review the performance of our segments. For the quarter, the Benefit segment had revenues of $483 million, including the revenues from Aliquant, which we acquired in late December 2010, Benefit segment revenues were up on a constant currency basis. On an organic basis, revenues were up 4%. Retirement, Technology and Administration Solutions and Health and Group Benefits were all up. Retirement revenues increased 2% on a constant currency basis and revenues increased in all geographic regions. As we previously noted, retirement historically lags behind economic recoveries, so were pleased to see this kind of growth. In Technology and Administration Solutions, revenues increased in the US and declined slightly in Europe. The increase in the US was largely due to the revenues from Aliquant. The integration of Aliquant into our US business continues to go well. Activity in the marketplace continues to be strong. We had low double-digit revenue growth in Health and Group Benefits this quarter. Client demand continues to increase as companies look for solutions to manage employee health and productivity issues. The Benefits segment had solid topline results in the second half of fiscal 2011 and we expect that momentum to carry over into fiscal 2010 with organic growth led by Health and Group Benefits. Now, lets move on to Risk and Financial Services. For the quarter, the Risk and Financial Services segment had revenues of $194 million, including EMB revenues were up 10% on a constant currency basis. Revenues were up 1% on an organic basis. Risk Consulting and Software revenues benefited from a smooth integration with EMB. We continue to be excited about the opportunities that our strength and capabilities in this area could generate. Regulatory changes and M&A activity continue to drive demand. On an organic basis, revenues grew in the low single digits. We're looking for continued growth in fiscal 12. In Brokerage, strong new business activity in Europe and improving pricing conditions in the property catastrophe line led to low single digit revenue growth. Revenues in Investment Services declined on a constant currency basis. Investment has experienced a decrease in traditional ad hoc client work and while our pipeline remains healthy weve seen sales cycles lengthen recently. The team has a plan to resume growth in fiscal 12 and we expect to see them turn the corner on last year's challenges. In summary, we expect growth to continue in RFS led by the integration of EMB and the strong capabilities theyve added. We see opportunities in our RFS markets and hope to drive improved organic growth results in fiscal 12. Now let me turn to Talent and Rewards. For the quarter the Talent and Rewards segment had revenues of $136 million. On a constant currency basis revenues were up 7% from the prior year quarter. After adjusting for the revenues they transferred to Pay Governance and excluding revenues acquired in the EMEA, Talent and Rewards had 14% organic revenue growth. On an organic basis revenues increased in all lines of business; Executive Compensation, Rewards, Talent and Communications and Data, Surveys and Technology. The increase in organic revenues in Executive Compensation was largely due to an increase in activity in North America in both management and compensation consulting and strong growth in Asia Pacific and Latin America. In North America, we worked with many companies to help prepare for new Dodd-Frank requirements that went into effect in 2011. Weve seen a strong pickup in demand in Asia-Pacific particularly in China as local companies expand nationally, regionally and globally and look to implement Executive pay plans that support their growth agenda. Revenues also increased in Rewards, Talent and Communication, with strong activity across all our regions. As companies look for growth they begun to implement programs to reengage their employees, drive pay per performance, and develop talent. Weve won a significant number of these projects with existing and new clients due to our broader array of integrated services and tools, and bigger scale in all major regions. Revenues in Data, Surveys and Technology increased in all geographic regions and was led by Asia. Client interest in benchmarking metrics, measuring ROI, and HR organizational effectiveness has driven demand globally for our practices. Overall, were very pleased with the organic growth in this segment for the quarter and the year. As you know, this is our most cyclical business, so assuming continued economic expansion we expect this segment to be our highest growth segment. In any event were forecasting continued solid growth in the first quarter given our projects underway and the solid pipeline. Were very pleased about our results this quarter and for the year. Its a reflection of how well the integration has progressed. Our associates have skillfully adapted the changes in their day-to-day work environment while helping us grow the business through working with clients. As we wind down the bulk of our integration activities, we look forward to reenergizing our growth plans. Now Ill turn the call over to Roger.
Roger F. Millay:  Thanks, John. As John mentioned we performed extremely well this quarter. We continued to deliver solid, topline growth with a very healthy increase in operating earnings in comparison to a period in which revenues were very soft and we have not yet realized significant cost synergy savings. The topline revenue growth translated into good segment margins. As a reminder our segment margins are before consideration of discretionary compensation and other unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles resulting from merger accounting and transaction and integration costs. All of our segments exceeded our margin expectation in the seasonally softer quarter. The Benefits segment had a 33% margin for the quarter. Risk and Financial Services had a 20% margin for the quarter, which is typically the weakest quarter for this business. Talent and Rewards had a 13% margin for the quarter, up significantly from a small loss in last years fourth quarter. Net income attributable to controlling interests for the quarter was $44 million. Excluding transaction and integration costs, stock based compensation arising from the merger, the amortization of merger accounting intangible assets, non-recurring and other income, and assuming a normalized income tax rate, adjusted net income was $78 million. This quarter, we had $23 million of transaction and integration costs versus $29 million last quarter and $38 million in last years fourth quarter. While these costs are choppy and difficult to preciously predict quarter-to-quarter, we expect to see a gradually slowing trend in these costs over the next year as we near the end of our three-year integration plan. This quarter the majority of the costs related to our large IT initiatives, integrating both the ERP software and hardware platforms of the company. Im happy to report that we successfully launched the pilot deployment of our new Oracle ERP system on August 1. We will now gradually deploy through the rest of the world over the next year and half. This project will improve internal efficiency and builds a scalable platform to support future growth. We also had some real estate and HR related costs this quarter although not at the level of last quarter. The normalized tax rate for the year came in higher than we expected due primarily to a shift in the geographical mix of income versus our forecast. Our operating outperformance this quarter was driven by the United States, a high tax rate country, while some lower rate countries underperformed against forecast. This led to catch-up adjustment for the year, which was all recorded in the fourth quarter driving this quarters normalized rate up to 43%. If the fiscal year 12 geographical mix is consistent with fiscal year 11, we expect the normalized tax rate to continue to be above our earlier expectations and be in the range of 37% to 38%. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.59, a decrease from $0.77 last year when we recorded a significant income tax benefit due to the release of valuation allowances. Adjusted diluted earnings per share were $1.06, up 18% versus last year. Moving to the balance sheet, we continue to have a very strong financial position. We ended the quarter with about $450 million of cash thats available for our use. We didnt have any borrowings outstanding from our credit facility at the end of the quarter, but we do expect to borrow $75 million to $100 million from the credit facility when we pay bonuses in September. We still have $99 million of notes plus accrued interest payable to B1 shareholders from the tender offer that was completed in June 2010. Our free cash flow remains strong in the fourth quarter and we ended the year with over $400 million in excess of our expectations. I should note that a part of our free cash flow strength this year resulted from the payment of only a half-year of bonuses in fiscal year 11 due to the timing of the merger. Going forward, we will have a full year bonus payments each September. Also in fiscal year 12, we expect CapEx to run a bit higher than the fiscal year 11  than in fiscal year 11 due to our IT integration initiatives. We have now repurchased about 800,000 shares under our $100 million repurchase authorization and used about half of the authorization. As John mentioned, we are also increasing our dividend, which reflects our confidence in the integration activities and our ongoing business. The new dividend level equates to about a 10% payout ratio, which will use as a reference point to consider possible future dividend increases. Now, let's review our outlook for fiscal year 2012. Today well give you guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 12 as well as some context for our full-year fiscal 12 outlook. As a reminder well provide full fiscal year guidance at our Analyst Day on September 19. For the quarter, we expect revenues will be in the range of $800 million to $825 million. We expect adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $1.02 to $1.07. Our adjusted EBITDA margin is expected to be around 18% for the quarter. This guidance assumes an economic and market environment similar to the fourth quarter. We are also conscious that were beginning to compare it to prior quarters where the topline momentum of the business and the market began to improve. Internally, we're evaluating our results on a comparable basis for all periods using adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EPS. Our adjusted measures of income include a normalized income tax rate and exclude transaction and integration costs, stock-based compensation costs from restricted shares issued in conjunction with the merger, and the amortization of merger accounting intangible assets. Our adjusted measures of income also exclude non-recurring other income. For the quarter, our guidance assumes an average exchange rate of $1.60 to the British pound and an average exchange rate of $1.40 to the Euro. We expect to have a normalized income tax rate of 37% to 38% and diluted shares outstanding of a little over $73 million. We expect GAAP diluted earnings per share to be significantly lower than our adjusted diluted earnings per share. Now, we will review our first quarter guidance for the segments. Let's start with Benefits, for the first quarter of fiscal 2012, we expect revenues in the Benefits segment to grow in the low single digits on a constant currency basis, and our range is 2% to 5%. The NOI margin for Benefits is expected to be around 30% for the quarter. For Benefits, the first fiscal quarter is seasonally weaker. Next in Risk and Financial Services, we expect constant currency revenue growth will be in the range of 7% to 11% for the first quarter. This guidance includes revenue from EMB. We expect the NOI margin to be in the low 20% range for the quarter. Finally in Talent and Rewards, were forecasting that constant currency revenues will be up 6% to 9% for the quarter. We expect the NOI margin to be in the low 20% range. As we mentioned earlier, for this segment, the first half of the fiscal year is typically, seasonally stronger than the second half of the year. For fiscal year 12 overall, were targeting mid single-digit constant currency revenue growth with an adjusted EBITDA margin between 18% and 19%. Our comparables will get more challenging as the year progresses and were vary of challenges from our systems implementation, which engages all of our front-end associates in new operational processes, and of the potential headwinds from the macro environment. Overall, I'm very pleased with our performance for the quarter and for the year. Ive been incredibly impressed with the ability of the Towers Watson team to do the work required to deliver strong financial results while also integrating the company. Now, I will turn it back to John.
John Haley: Okay. Thanks, Roger. Before we move on to your questions, Id like to take a moment to thank all of our associates. Our first full year as Towers Watson was a big success, thanks to their hard work. Now, we will take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Paul Ginocchio with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Paul Ginocchio  Deutsche Bank: Thanks for taking my question, just on the free cash flow, full-year bonus, what would that  can you try to size up for us and also maybe the CapEx, will that be the only  will that be the only sort of unusuals in what seems like very strong fiscal year 11 free cash flow?
Roger F. Millay:  Yes. So this years bonus and I think you see it on the schedule of the discretionary comp line, so that's for the year, this year $338 million. And we do pay out some taxes that go on top of that a bit. So I mean that's your reference point for full year and so that gives you a sense of what the difference might be in free cash flow for half-year versus a full year. I'm sorry the second piece, Paul?
Paul Ginocchio  Deutsche Bank: Can you size the increase in CapEx?
Roger F. Millay: I think well have more detail on that in the September meeting. If you look at the cash flow statement, we came in around $77 million just without the software costs. I mean it's not going to be in the magnitude of double, but it could be $20 million or so higher than that. But again, well give you more specific number in the Analyst Meeting.
Paul Ginocchio  Deutsche Bank: Great. And then just a couple of housekeeping follow-ups. The retirement liability was down, I think $135 million Q-on-Q, is that just due to the asset performance or something else? And then on discretionary bonus, it was up 42% year-on-year in the fourth quarter, its kind of flat in the third quarter. What should we be modelling that off of, segment income or EBITDA, how should we think about that?
Roger F. Millay: Yeah. So you're right on the retirement liability. The main driver there is asset performance. With respect to discretionary comp, I think that will probably be a little bit steadier in FY 12. This year as we went through quarter-to-quarter, we were kind of adjusting to where we thought we should come out. And probably we measure it as a percentage of pre-bonus operating income, and if you look at it that way probably in the high 30% range is where youll see us circle.
Paul Ginocchio  Deutsche Bank: Thanks. If I could sneak one more and I apologize. You basically looks like youre not projecting any operating margin improvement this year, is that just sort of the macro plus the IT or is there something else that would suggest you can do better incremental margins and youve done, then for some reason incremental margins are changing going forward than they have been in the past?
Roger F. Millay: Yeah. Ill give my answer and then I dont know, John, may have something he wants to add in. But the story isn't any different than what we've been saying in the last couple of quarters. We think the range that weve landed in is a range that is appropriate; it makes sense for the company based on our integration activities. We have been adding folks. We haven't added a lot of people, but the businesses that are growing; we have been adding some people and we had a pipeline to continue to add. So we think that range at this point is appropriate.
John Haley: Yes, I mean, I think Roger really captured that. As he said well give more detail on the Analyst Meeting, but right now were targeting the EBITDA percent, adjusted EBITDA margin somewhere between 18% and 19%. We do have some integration activities, some important integration activities this year as we roll out some of our new systems and that will absorb some of the time of our front-end associates. And we are conscious of the changes in the macro environment and what that could bring. So we feel reasonably comfortable that we can keep to the margin improvement that weve show, but were not at this point prepared to project anything further.
Paul Ginocchio  Deutsche Bank:  Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel, Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Shlomo Rosenbaum  Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: 
 :
 :
 :
John Haley: Yes, Im not sure youre saying about the quarter here, but last September because we closed the merger on January 1, we paid a half-year of bonuses in September 2010, so that was for Towers Watson. And we had settled prior to the merger, we had kind of settled up the legacy bonus situations for the two companies. So thats why its a full-year versus a half-year comparison.
Shlomo Rosenbaum  Stifel, Nicolaus & Company:  Okay, Im going to follow-up with you on that after the call. But just following up also on the EBITDA numbers, should we think of it as kind of flat EBITDA, but could go down because of integration activities because the range actually implies that you guys would potentially be going down year-over-year?
Roger F. Millay:  Yes, I mean, were down into point this and point that right, so we came up for the year at 18.9. I think weve characterized the puts and takes I suppose that we see for the year. And I think what were really saying is this is a range that weve landed in, although as you say at the high end this year and thats a range that we think make sense going forward. So we are not trying to signal that we see things that are systemically going to push margins down, just that when you look at point ones and point twos, its not really manageable at that level.
Shlomo Rosenbaum  Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Right, the reason I am asking the question is because Ive talked to John and John youve said in the past that youre comfortable with this range and you would actually prefer to be investing some incremental margins to really drive long-term sustainable revenue growth and thats kind of the tact that Im  of the question Im asking?
John Haley: I think, Shlomo, you have that exactly right, I think that is what we would  that is what wed be looking at doing. I think if Roger is answering it though, it really is the same perspective. If were talking about a tenth of a percent here there that we might come down to invest to do that, we would probably be willing to do that. We are not talking about necessarily moving something down whole percentage or something like that.
Shlomo Rosenbaum  Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Okay.
John Haley: The message we would give is this. Look we  this was recently much better year than we thought we were going to have coming into it and the margins are historically high. Were pretty comfortable with the way were operating. We have a little bit of a concern about just the macro economy coming into this next year probably a much bigger concern now than we might have had only two or three months ago. We have a little bit of a concern just about the whole rolling out of our new billing systems and everything with associates around the world and just that at the margin that might sap a little bit. And we want to invest but as we want to invest what we wanted to do is take what might have been margin improvements and investments as generally what were going to be looking to do, but we have just a little bit of concern around the margin about what we might be achieving for this coming year.
Shlomo Rosenbaum  Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Okay, and if I could sneak in one another one, reinsurance brokerage showed some improvements, it look like positive pricing, are you guys seeing this as kind of taken some market share or are you seeing beginning to see a change in the market overall?
John Haley: I think were seeing a bit of a change in the tone in the market I think is the way we would characterize it Shlomo. I dont think were ready to proclaim that its a definite sea change at this moment, but it could be the beginning, we might look back later and say may be this was the beginning.
Shlomo Rosenbaum  Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: All right. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim McHugh with William Blair & Company. Please proceed.
Timothy McHugh  William Blair & Company:  Yes, thank you. First I wanted to ask about Investment Services business, can you talk a little bit more about whats causing the longer sale cycle and you mentioned that there is a plan to improve it. Can you give a little more color on what youre going to do this next year?
John Haley: Sure, I think that the Investment Services are something that were seeing procurement of the services becoming more formalized, and there is a lot more maybe company purchasing, departments etcetera being involved in and then there is just somewhat more whos people are jumping through to get that. I mean thats probably leading to somewhat longer sale cycle. Weve seen a new competitors that maybe, if there is more to choose from, there is a little bit more of that there. I think what our folks had been working on is, one, in making sure that were in position to respond quickly and efficiently to some of these extra requests, and also maybe going after some of this ad hoc work a little bit more aggressively than we had in the past.
Timothy McHugh  William Blair & Company: Okay. And just in the context you mentioned the macro environment is making you somewhat cautious about the margins, but it sounds like youre expecting the continuation of a relatively similar revenue growth for what youre seeing in the last quarter, is there a reason why youre more confident in the revenue growth sustaining than I guess necessarily and also  incremental, but at the margin front?
John Haley:  No, I think look, if you look at the last couple of recessions that weve had in the early 2000s and then in the 2008 era, what happens is things suffer at the topline and then that will translate into pressure on the margins. So weve been talking about the macro environment in the context of the resulting impact on the margins, but it starts at the topline.
Timothy McHugh  William Blair & Company: Okay. In the context of the market volatility or at least in the stock markets, I mean, I guess you gave your Q-on-Q guidance, it doesnt seem like youve seen much of an impact, but can you comment at all in terms of trends in July and in the early half of August here in terms of what youve seen from client behavior?
John Haley: I think what weve seen is that things still continue to be reasonably strong for us and so we feel pretty good about what this first quarter is going to be. I think the concern we have is that in the last couple of months with the turmoil in Europe with the US and the downgrade and everything, those kind of things affect business confidence and business confidence may affect how theyre willing to spend and I think thats the only caution were saying. I dont think we know anything more than anybody else about that so.
Timothy McHugh  William Blair & Company: Okay. And then if I could just slip in one or two number of questions, just Roger you declared the $450 million in available cash thats netting out some of the reinsurance payable and things like that, is that netting out cash for bonus payment as well or
Roger F. Millay: What that nets out is both the  and you see its aggregated on the balance sheet actually, but the reinsurance payables but also the cash thats sitting on our captives, our Insurance Captives.
Timothy McHugh  William Blair & Company: Okay. And then can you give us a specific number you said, headcount grew slightly I think, whats your comment?
Roger F. Millay: Yes, I mean its like a 100 or 200...
John Haley: I think in the quarter it was 200, about 2%, 204 I mean to be precise.
Timothy McHugh  William Blair & Company: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of the Tobey Sommer with SunTrust. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, this is Frank in for Tobey, I wanted to ask in Talent and Rewards, you mentioned strong performance in Asia-Pacific, how much visibility do you have there? Do you see that continuing and kind of where could that affect margins?
John Haley: Yes, I don't think, Talent and Rewards, it's the most cyclical, it's the most project oriented of our segments, and so its the one where I think overall we have the least visibility. There are probably different lines of businesses between some of the other segments where we don't have the best visibility either, but overall its the segment Talent and Rewards would clearly be the one. I don't think thats any different in Asia than it is in any other region in the world, but it's just not a segment, it is a very project-based business.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then, kind of going back to the market volatility question over the last month or so, has there been any positive impact on either Investment Services, clients looking at their portfolios or even on their retirement side as people consider it is from work related to the market swings?
John Haley: We havent seen anything like that. Although to be fair we haven't actually gone and looked at it either. So I can't tell you that didn't occur, but I can tell you it's not something that weve had any comments on it at the moment.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great, and maybe one quick numbers question. What do you have baked in for transaction or integration expense for the guidance for the next quarter?
Roger F. Millay: Yeah, we haven't given anything more specific other than the comments I made in my script which are that we expect that over the next several quarters we're going to see it continue to gradually decrease. It has dropped versus the third quarter of fiscal '11 and its dropped versus last year. It seems like this range in the low to mid 20s is about where were running, but as I said these things tend to be choppy and you can get them spiking up and down, so I think thats about as precise as we can be.
Unidentified Analyst:  Okay. Great, thank you very much.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Sara Gubins with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Sara Gubins  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch:  Thanks, good morning, could you talk about what youre seeing in terms of trends in your U.K. business?
Roger F. Millay: We havent looked quite honestly, the U.K. specifically of course when we talk about investment services the biggest part of investment is the U.K., so they would be a big driver of the U.K. market. Im also aware that when we talk about strength in the reinsurance brokerage business our U.K. operation, which really its serving clients that are outside the U.K. as well, but that piece is doing well. In general, Europe was overall a little bit softer at the end of the year, still growing, but I think there is, Im not aware of anything specific other than that.
John Haley:  Yeah, I think Roger has captured that correctly, Europe was about where we thought it would be for the quarter and the year, about, but about but a little bit below. And so its got a little bit more softness there and I think that is true across most of the segment certainly for benefits and tasks, we saw a little bit softer there.
Sara Gubins  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks and then, just other question about fiscal year 2012 outlook, I know well get more details in about a month or so. But with that 18% to 19% EBITDA margin range, you did mention that you wary of the economic as youre thinking about that. So Im wondering is the thought at 18% that things could get a little bit softer than youre expecting, you need still be able to do that, or that the economy would need to be where it is right now, and if it wasnt then we would see margins perhaps coming in lower than that?
John Haley: I think we probably feel that the economy could get somewhat softer and wed still be in the 18% to 19% range.
Sara Gubins  Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jeff Volshteyn with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Jeffrey Volshteyn  JPMorgan:  Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. Let me also ask about the fiscal 2012 revenue guidance by segment and I know you probably going to be talking about at the Investor Day, but sort of maybe directionally within segments where do you see revenues going on an organic basis?
Roger F. Millay: Well, so we havent, youre talking for the whole year?
Jeffrey Volshteyn  JPMorgan: Right, right.
Roger F. Millay: And so...
Jeffrey Volshteyn  JPMorgan: Within the mid-single digit constant currency revenue sort of outlook?
Roger F. Millay: Yes, I think, we are holding that specific guidance. I mean, I think, we  John foreshadowed a little bit in some of his remarks with respect to continuing growth in benefits, the hope for some enhanced growth performance in RFS, which had a bit of a tough organic growth year. And I think weve been talking quite a bit on the call about the wariness I suppose in Talent and Rewards although right now they are seeing good strength of course as a mark-to-mark cyclical segment, they are also potentially subject to more volatility. With respect to more specific numbers thats what well be doing in September.
Jeffrey Volshteyn  JPMorgan: Okay. I appreciate that. When I look at the turnover of associates or any sort of obvious hiring needs within new businesses or with the new geographies where would those be?
John Haley: Well I think in Health and Group Benefits, weve been doing some hiring, weve been doing some hiring in Talent and Rewards, and within Talent and Rewards, I think, particularly in data surveys and technologies, weve also done fair amount of hiring, for the year weve done a fair amount of hiring in Tax, not so much in the fourth quarter, yeah, driven by eloquent right. And so I think if we look at it though Health and Group Benefits and Talent and Rewards would be the areas.
Jeffrey Volshteyn  JPMorgan: And geographically?
John Haley: Its really, well, Health and Group Benefits is largely North America.
Jeffrey Volshteyn  JPMorgan: Okay.
John Haley: Thats where that is. The Talent and Rewards hiring is really across the globe.
Jeffrey Volshteyn  JPMorgan: It makes sense. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tobey Sommer with SunTrust. Please proceed.
Tobey Sommer  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Thanks. This is actually Tobey in for Frank. I wanted to ask an additional question on the hiring, could you describe the competitive landscape for experienced people, just to get your comment there? Thanks.
John Haley: Well, I think this is a market, which is always somewhat competitive or the kind of high performing folks that we are looking at. And so that probably never changes really. I think the value proposition that Towers Watson offers has become a lot clear to people who are in other organizations and I think that has really helped us quite a bit, and the fact that, weve gotten through the integration so smoothly and so successfully is something that has, its not lost on people and so that's helped our competitive positioning.
Tobey Sommer  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Would you characterize the transparency of the compensation formula, as we talk about it, asking about pre-tax profit et cetera, is that a driver for hiring?
John Haley: Well, I mean, I think one of the things weve done as an organization is to try to be as clear and transparent with our associates about where Rewards come from and how all stakeholders are served by the way we distribute Rewards. And so it's sort of one of the core values we have as an organization, we think that is one of our strengths and we think it helps us a lot, yeah.
Tobey Sommer  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks, and then just a question about the tax rate, which geographies were a little bit weaker in the phase of what was little bit better performance out of the higher tax region in the U.S.?
Roger F. Millay: I think John mentioned and maybe both of us did, while the U.S. came in quite a bit higher than forecast, Europe did come in a little bit lower, so European countries most part.
Tobey Sommer  SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Mark S. Marcon  Robert W. Baird & Co.:  Hi, good morning, I was wondering, as you look out over the next year what sort of legislative changes or regulatory changes, do you see that could potentially be drivers and either the Benefits or in Talent?
John Haley: Well, I mean, I think the biggest thing that we could have some interest in and its what's going to happen with Healthcare and youve got these dueling court cases in the Federal Appeals Courts and potential Supreme Court review of that, youve got to talk about whether that pieces of that get included in any of the debt discussions whatever. So I think that's something that is a little bit unsettled, I'm not sure that there is anything we could point to say that we actually think that there is going to be any new legislation or regulation that will for certain occur, but certainly thats something that could possibly be the case. I don't think there is anything else that we would flag as saying thats there is a big deal that's on the horizon.
Mark S. Marcon  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. And how big could that be for this coming year? It seems like by 2013 well have more clarity and then there will be this scramble, but do you think that this year...
John Haley: That's right. We probably don't expect to see much resolution in this coming fiscal year or this current fiscal year, I should say, on the healthcare debate, but I just mention that is the only one that we saw up there, that was a big deal.
Mark S. Marcon  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Got it. And then can you talk a little bit about leadership across the organization. Youve clearly done a great job in terms of integrating the two cultures in the two organizations. Do you feel like at this point the leadership team is set?
John Haley: I do. I think one of the attractions for both Towers Perrin and Watson Wyatt as we came together was that we would have a  its an enhanced leadership and management team. And I think by bringing them together, and frankly the organization has done a very good job of integrating that management and leadership team together. We just had an event last month with a couple hundred of the most senior folks, and the leadership teams around the world. And I'll tell you, you go to that and you leave thinking that there is nothing this organization can do when you look at the leadership team we have here. So I feel that theyve really come together well. I think were well placed. I mean, I think any organization there is always going to be change, well have people that decide to leave or that people retire thats one of the dynamism, and its a reflection also of a successful organization. But I think this is the best place we've ever been any time in my career and so I feel pretty good about where we are.
Mark S. Marcon  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Great. And then obviously there is a lot of macro uncertainty out there right now. In the possibility that the policymakers get it wrong and miscalculate and we end up having another downturn. Can you talk about the areas where youve got some levers to make some adjustments so that we could still do in the 18% to 19% EBITDA range?
John Haley: Yes, thanks for bringing the question because I think one of the things that you sometimes get off on these calls is you start talking about a subject that got mentioned and you talk about it a lot and after the call I sometimes think, did we give the impression of we were more concerned about that than we did, just because we got a lot of questions about it and I think were may be in danger of happening that were just talking about the macro economy. We mentioned that its just one of the number of factors that we were thinking about that could affect margins there. And I think we have to mention that because its pretty clear that if the macro economy really goes south that does have some impact on how we are going to perform as a company. Frankly its not the kind of thing were obsessively worried about, if you look at what our organizations did in the 2008 downturn, we probably performed in the top 1% or 2% of all companies in terms of how we handled the downturn, how we handled our margins, and how we kept things up. So its not something that were necessarily afraid of, its not something that were shirk from, I think that were better managed now than we were two or three years ago, and so we can probably doing better job, were not going to be immune from it, but I think we know how to run the business and I think we know the kinds of things to do. I think one of the things that we will not do though is we think its a bad move to all of a sudden layoff a lot of associates and have them bear the brunt of downturn. We think thats best done by the company figuring out how to try to get new revenues and tightening our belts in other ways.
Mark S. Marcon  Robert W. Baird & Co.: And you certainly did a great job during the last one. Can you talk also with regard to the $338 million bonus payment thats coming out, just to clarify, is that a clean full year bonus that will get paid out in September or would it be higher in future years because there was a stub, that was partially paid earlier.
Roger F. Millay: No, thats a clean full year number.
Mark S. Marcon  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay, great. And then the last
Roger F. Millay:  Thats a good result for us to, so I mean I think its a good result for our associates. Weve had good result for our shareholders, but weve had a good result for all of our stakeholders.
Mark S. Marcon  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Right. And then with regards to your pension liability can you talk about the impact from the recent reduction in terms of the outlook for rates over the next two years, as well as the recent market volatility, is that going to have much more impact in terms of just from an accounting perspective how we should think about that?
Roger F. Millay:  Well again the biggest driver of the reduction in liability was in investment results, so we dont have a forecast on that, but as youre alluding both investments results as well as movements in discount rates, would have an impact, discount rates really didnt move all that much from last year so.
John Haley:  Yeah, the big thing was the asset movement and of course if we measure that a few weeks later and there is a difference. So, but I dont think we have any predictions for what that might be like next June 30.
Roger F. Millay: Yeah and just as a reminder as John just kind of pointed out, I mean we only revalue every year at the end of the year. So were locked in now for this fiscal year.
Mark S. Marcon  Robert W. Baird & Co.: Great, I appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: This is (inaudible) for Ashwin, I just want to follow-up on some of the questions related to the margins projections for next year. I was wondering if you could quantify some of the investments that youre planning on making in terms of the front-end adjustments and then perhaps talk about what the future benefits of those investments would be?
John Haley: No, actually, we dont have anything to say about those, well talk about that at Analyst Day.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then on the synergies related to the IT transition, Roger, is there anything built in for that in fiscal 12 or will that be more of a fiscal 13 of that?
Roger F. Millay: Yeah, its more of a fiscal 13 impact because as I mentioned really the deployment is, well have deployments at this point planned quarterly as I said earlier for about the next 15 months so its more of fiscal 13 impact.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just lastly on the, given the strength of the balance sheet and the cash flow so far, once you get pass the bonus payment in September could we see an accelerated buyback activity from you guys?
Roger F. Millay: Well, were not going to forecast anything other than what weve talked about at this point and we continue to look at balancing what we see is potential investment opportunities, particularly acquisitions with other uses of free cash. We have another $50 million or so to go on the $100 million buyback that we had approved a few months ago and well be executing against that and thats the outlook for the moment.
John Haley: It will take us a while to complete that extra $50 million anyway.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great, thank you.
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Vincent Lin with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Vincent Lin  Goldman Sachs:  Thanks, I just have a follow-up, I think John, you mentioned last quarter you had some under staffing issues, or capacity constraints in Asia, I think within the Talent and Rewards area, has the problem being resolved or whats the staffing level that youre seeing right now?
John Haley:  I dont recall...
Roger F. Millay: That may have been coming more in line of opportunity and we might be adding people.
John Haley: I think that might have been it, so yeah, that we had opportunity to add folks in Asia-Pacific and could do that. We have been, as I said particularly in Talent and Rewards, which is relatively bigger in Asia-Pacific than say Benefits or something like that. We have been adding folks there. Asia has been a real success story this year. Weve had a lot of growth and we think thats going to continue.
Vincent Lin  Goldman Sachs: And then just, one follow-up, on the mid single digit revenue growth for the full year, thats constant currency including acquisitions. Is that correct?
John Haley: Thats correct.
Vincent Lin  Goldman Sachs: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. John Haley for closing remarks.
John Haley:  Okay. Thanks everybody for joining us this morning. We look forward to reviewing our first quarter results with you in November and we hope to see you all at Analyst Day on September 19. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-31 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Joe Plumeri  Chairman and CEO Grahame Millwater  Group President Michael Neborak  CFO Don Bailey  CEO, Willis North America  Mark Sullivan  Deputy Chairman, Willis Group Holdings Plc, and Chairman and CEO, Willis Global Solutions
Analysts: Mark Hughes  SunTrust  Keith Alexander  JPMorgan  Adam Klauber  Macquarie Dan Farrell  Sterne Agee Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus Cliff Gallant  KBW  
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. At this time all participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-answer session of the call. (Operator Instructions).  Today's conference is being recorded, if you have any objections you may disconnect at this time.  I would now like to turn the call over to Kerry Calaiaro. You may begin. 
Kerry Calaiaro: Thank you, and welcome to our third quarter 2010 earnings conference call and webcast. Our call today is hosted by Joe Plumeri, Willis Group Holdings' Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. A replay of the call will be available through November 28th, 2010 at 11:59 PM Eastern Time by calling 888-385-2289 from within the US or 1-203-369-3262 from outside the US, with pass code. Alternatively, the webcast replay can be accessed through the Investor Relations section of our website at www.willis.com. If you have any questions after the call, my direct line is 212-915-8084. As we begin our call, let me remind you that we may make certain statements relating to future results, which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause the actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated. Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly update the results of any update to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Please refer to our SEC filings; including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 as well as our earnings press release for a more detailed discussion of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies may also be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relations section of our website. Also, please note that certain financial measures we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release. I will now turn the call over to Joe
Joe Plumeri:  Thank you, Kelly, and hi, everybody, and welcome, and thank you for joining our call today.  On the call with me today are Grahame Millwater, our Group President; Don Bailey, CEO of North America; Michael Neborak, our CFO; and as usual other members, all of the members of our executive team and management team are also here, and will be happy to answer all of your questions. Let me talk about the conditions that impact the third quarter 2010 and a little bit about the remainder of 2010. I am very happy with what weve delivered this quarter and in the year-to-date. We have reported exceptional organic growth in the face of a really tough external environment that is little changed from the last time we spoke. In the US economic and unemployment remain anemic, a number of European economies also remained pressured. There are some bright spots, particularly among the emerging economies. And in addition, as I indicated the last quarter, the general rate environment remains soft and in the absence of a major loss activity, we see little term, little near-term sign of change. Looking at earnings, we reported adjusted earnings per share of $0.37 for the quarter compared with $0.53 a year-ago with both years affected by tax items. If you look at adjusted earnings and apply the underlying effective rate of 26%, adjusted earnings per share would have been about the same in both periods.  Our culture of teamwork and discipline has served us well in this environment continues to serve us well with our commitment to growth and our focus on cost control. Our commitment to growth is reflected especially in another 4% organic growth in commissions and fees that we delivered in both the third quarter and in a year-to-date period, so thats been pretty consistent and our ability to be able to deliver that I think shows the underlying sales cultures that I make reference to. This compares very well to the 2% organic growth that we delivered in the corresponding periods last year. Each of our segments also delivered organic growth in both the quarter and year-to-date periods. This is especially something that were proud of, because all of our operating segments grew, again in a very difficult environment.  In the third quarter, North America grew 2%, where probably the rates are softest around the world and the economy is the worst. International grew 6% and global grew 4%. So across the board, our diversity, our ability to be able to distribute our product again shines through.  This Group continues to be driven in the main by new business generation across all segments. We spend a lot of time on it, its something that were good at it, and we can better at. Net growth of 13% for the quarter and a steady client retention, so you take the two  so clearly both of those are trending in the right direction, and there is no reason to believe that that trend wouldnt continue.  Im also happy that we delivered adjusted margin expansion in the quarter. The 140-basis point adjusted margin expansion largely reflects growth in organic commissions and fees, rigorous expense management, and favorable foreign currency movement, and thats partly been offset by higher incentive compensation.  What do I mean by incentive compensation? I really mean the amortization of the retention award and higher payouts and higher payouts basically come from North America where we raise the payout during the integration period that was effective at the beginning of this year, so the payouts are higher and were getting higher revenue growth out of North America than we got the year before. So as a result, you see the incentive compensation line going up. We increased the headcount also since last year on purpose, because were trying to support and fuel the areas that are growing the most for us. International has been a consistent growth leader for us for a long time over the last couple of years and we want to support that and we want to feed that to make sure that it continues to do that. And our global segments especially weve grown and added support levels and resources to our areas in London and across the world.  So even though North America has lowered its head count following the HRH integration, in a lot of other areas weve tried to reinforce very, very good growth, so thats something that weve done on purpose. Shaping Our Future also continues to deliver net benefits, around $12 million in the third quarter, even as the number of the programs have become entrenched in the way we do business.  Now let me drill down a little bit into the segment results. North America as I said before has just been terrific. Not much though has changed as it relates to the external environment.  The economy and the recovery remains anemic and protracted and the employment recovery is slow, the rate environment remains soft, and there is little evidence of a turn, youve heard that before, Im just going to tell you what everybody else has told you.  CIAB data for the third quarter indicated rate is down 5% compared with 6% in the second quarter, even in areas where were seeing some increases, lower underlying exposure basis or offsetting gains, and we really dont see much of an improvement in exposures either. In this environment, 2% organic growth for the quarter and 1% positive on a year-to-date basis is just an unbelievable result, especially when I see whats happening elsewhere with our competitors. Delivery against the rate wind of 2%, thats a net new business of 4%, and so were very proud of that, and my congratulations to our North American colleagues. Our producers continued to generate double digit new business growth and client retention even got better. We even saw positive results across a number of regions, including the Northeast, Atlantic, and South Central, and some of the standout cities in the quarter were New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Atlanta, Dallas, and Los Angeles, which is really great about having said that, is that those cities are a blend of former HRH offices and former Willis offices, so that now that our impact in these major cities show the ramifications and results of the acquisition.  Our employee benefit business, our largest practice was up 4%, its second consecutive quarter of growth and a great result in a really tough labor market. So if we can do that in a tough labor market, it tells us again that were heading in the right direction as it relates to our value proposition and employee benefits in North America. Now, our construction practice which is about 10% of our business in North America was down low single digits better than last year, but thats in an area of the economy that is still not seeing much sign of improvement. So you got 2% improvement in revenue, when 10% of your business is going down. Again that shows great strength and our ability to retain our people and to grow our new business. We continued to see good results in a number of specialty practice areas such as executive risk healthcare and financial services.  North Americas operating margin remained steady at 21.4%. The results that our North American business delivered really reflects I think the success of the integration efforts and the teamwork across our enhanced network, and this success is illustrated by as I said great top line growth and even better client retention and strong producer retention, again in the aftermath of a major integration and a major acquisition which were really, really enthusiastic about and proud of.  Let me turn to international, international continues to deliver with organic growth in commissions and fees of 6% in the quarter and 6% year-to-date. And when I say 6% international, that means all of our offices outside of the United States. The new business generation remains in the double digits again against the headwind of 4%. The strength and diversity of our international network I think is reflected in these results, even if some of the economies in which we operate remained pressured.  Latin America, Asia, and Eastern Europe again all delivered double-digit growth with really strong contributions from Venezuela, Brazil, and Chile in Latin America; China and Korea in Asia were simply outstanding; and Poland and Russia in Eastern Europe continued to show great growth. Continental Europe was slightly positive in a seasonably light quarter for those countries.  As a matter of fact, this is a light quarter for international in general, and some of the numbers especially in the margin I think reflect that amidst continued economic weakness in Central Europe, Spain and Italy though among others continued to deliver positive growth.  The UK and Ireland, which is a really good story, also faced challenging economic conditions, but despite that, despite this headwind, they delivered another quarter of positive organic growth, supported by ongoing investments and sales teams and process, again were investing in places where we need to invest and support areas that are growing, and the result of that was both of the UK retail had significant revenue growth and Ireland showed some growth for the first time in a long time in an economy thats still hasnt gotten much better. The key revenue drivers in the quarter were major accounts and employee benefits. So the international operating margin was 9.6%, now that was down from the 13.4% in the year-ago quarter, but again Ill remind you that this is the smallest of our quarters internationally, we had very strong organic revenue growth, which was negated by unfavorable foreign currency movements. But we continue to support current and future growth; for example, with head count increase in international of over 200 from a year-ago. But again on purpose to again feed fuel and seed, a big growth area for us, thats been consistent throughout the last couple of areas, even during the 2008-2009 meltdown. As far as our global business is concerned, that segment comprised of Reinsurance, Global Specialties, Faber and Dumas. And Willis Capital Markets also performed well, delivering 4% organic growth against headwinds from rate of about 2% and clients continuing to retain more risk. Reinsurance had mid single digit organic growth again. I could not say enough about or reinsurance operation it continually are delivering mid single digit organic growth, the revenue drives there continued to be strong new business generation with strong international growth in an area that is continued to be generally soft in a rating environment. Global Specialties, again mid single digit organic growth. I think our specialisms are the best around, I congratulate them as well. The revenue drivers led by FINEX, in space, aerospace, and construction especially. Growth was really strong through new business and improved retention and then targeting hiring again. A producer of talent and global connectivity.  All part of a plan, all part of specifically and selectively spending our money where we think we can get the most growth both today and in the future, thats why we are so confident about that. However, their environment again remains tough with depressed world trade and transit volumes, industry consolidation and pressure on financing of construction projects are still very evident. We have weakness in Faber and Dumas, as they are impacted by a soft wholesale market. Remember thats our wholesale operation, but continued pressure in the most economically sensitive lines such as bloodstock, jewelry, and fine arts. Global operating margin was 19.7%, up 90 basis points, from the prior-year period, and helped by organic growth, favorable foreign currency translation impact on our London market business, while well continue again to support the current and future growth of this area as well. Now, Id like to turn things over to Grahame Millwater to update priorities for 2010. Grahame.
Grahame Millwater: Thanks very much, Joe. Good morning, good afternoon, everyone. As part of the Group that Joe has discussed, our new business levels have continued to climb with all business units posting double-digit new business wins. We continue to drive this new business to our focus on developing healthy pipeline to prospects in targeted segments and geographies. Its important to point out that the diversified nature of the Group in geography, segments, and business mix is purposely designed to ensure robust and sustainable organic growth strategy.  Now, last quarter I talked briefly about the sales platform were building in the middle market and the franchise commercial network model for the small commercial segment. Today, Id like to focus a little bit about our global large account segment.  We handled a significant number of major global accounts, particularly in specialty areas such as airlines, construction, and mining. However, generally speaking, we're underweight in this global major account segment compared to our natural market share, and we have a definitive plan to rectify this. Weve been refining our approach to this segment over the past 12 months, using our specialty skills, our global footprint, our analytics, together with our client advocate model to deliver the whole of Willis to these clients prospects, we believe we can seriously grow this segment. And our unique team orientated culture together with the integrated way we run the Group helps us to create a unique proposition in this space.  When considering a leader for this business, which we have called Global Solutions, to reflect the needs of these major clients, we wanted someone with real global experience, in-depth insurance knowledge, and the ability to interact with our global clients at the most senior levels. Martin Sullivan fits that description perfectly and were delighted to have him onboard. And after six weeks, I can truly say that both he and Willis could not be more excited by the opportunity we have this segment going forward. Our Global Solutions sets us part of Willis Global, which comprises Global Solutions, Willis Analytics, Global Specialty, Willis REIT, Willis Capital Markets & Advisory, Willis Facultative, Global Markets, Global Placement, and our wholesale business Faber and Dumas. This brings together a really amazing powerhouse of client relationships, specialist skills, research and analytical capabilities, transactional prowess and carrier relationships that we believe thats absolutely unique in the broker sector. And recently wins are confirming the power of this proposition when focused effectively. The transformation of our business is a constant and Im pleased to report that Shaping Our Future continues to deliver substantial benefits. In this quarter, we delivered a further $23 million worth of gross benefits with $12 million net benefits after reinvesting in certain areas which Ill just go on to point to. Client profitability in our placement strategy continued to deliver significant incremental revenue for us, while our business model updates such as Shaping Our Future Retail UK and Shaping Our Future London are delivering a transformation in the way we work with our clients. A substantial portion of the benefits generated from these programs are reinvested to the businesses for future benefit. For example, in this quarter alone, we launched our World Place Initiative, part of our global placement strategy in Milan, in Italy, a rollout of our Eclipse technology platform into our Global Willis Reorganization, following the successful rollout of Eclipse into our London-based Global Specialty. A transformation program for our finance and accounting in this structure has started.  And in ethic, we continue to rollout of our US retail platform, and at the same time we continued to invest in initiatives such as the sales platform in our middle market and shaping of our future retail UK, initiatives which we would think will continue to deliver benefits for us and accolades over the coming years.  So a brief summary. And I handover to Mike, our CFO, to review the financial results. Mike.
Michael Neborak:  Thank you, Grahame. Im excited to be hear and part of this management team. So in the third quarter, we continued to execute with focus on organic revenue growth, cost control and further progress in capital management and debt reduction.  Our reported and adjusted earnings from continuing operations in Q3 2010 were $64 million or $0.37 per share. This includes a $0.02 per share benefit from favorable FX. For comparison, adjusted EPS from continuing operations in the third quarter of 2009 were $0.53 per share. Earnings in both quarters were positively impacted by certain tax items that Ill talk about later. As I said, foreign exchange had a positive $0.02 per share impact on EPS and a positive of 130-basis point impact on operating margin year-over-year. That positive impact from FX is principally the net result of dollar strength against the pound sterling where we are overweight on the expense side and dollar strength against the euro where we are overweight on the revenue side. Fortunately, the expense reduction was greater than the revenue reduction resulting in a positive $0.02 per share FX impact in the first to third quarter of 2009. If rates remain unchanged to the remainder of 2010, we anticipate that the impact on margin and earnings per share in the fourth quarter would be slightly negative, while the full-year impact would remain positive. Our revenues increased 1% to $733 million in the third quarter of 2010, compared the year-ago period, and increased 3% in the first nine months of the year to $2.5 billion. Reported commissions and fees grew 1% in the third quarter to $723 million and were up 3% for the nine months to $2.5 billion. It is important to note that the reported commission and fee growth of 1% in the third quarter was negatively impacted by foreign exchange movements. Organic growth was 4%.  Total investment income of $10 million was largely unchanged from the period a year-ago. While rates are lower, we continued to benefit from our forward hedging program.  On the expense side, total operating expenses were down 2.5% to $627 million, compared to Q3 2009. The salary and benefits piece was $462 million or a 63% of total revenues in the current quarter compared to $449 million or a 62% in the year-ago period. The 3% increase in salaries and benefits was primarily due to increased head count and higher incentive compensation, moderated by the impact of favorable foreign currency movement and lower stock-based compensation expense. In the third quarter of 2010, salaries and benefits included $28 million of expense related to the amortization of cash retention award compared to $22 million in the year-ago quarter.  Other operating expenses were down 14.6% to $129 million, compared to $151 million in the year-ago quarter, reflecting our disciplined cost management and favorable FX movement. The year-ago quarter included $7 million in charges related to HRH integration costs and in addition other operating expenses in this quarter were favorably impacted by the release of a $7 million legal reserve. Our reported and adjusted operating margin for the third quarter was 14.5%, an increase of a 140 basis points compared to the adjusted operating margin in the year-ago quarter. As Joe said, adjusted operating margin was positively impacted by continued growth and commissions and fees, rigorous expense management, and favorable foreign currency movements, partially offset by higher retention amortization and producer payout. Let me now turn now to taxes where our income tax expense for the quarter was $10 million, compared to an income tax credit of $29 million the year-ago quarter. Tax expense in the quarter included a $7 million credit related to the release of a previously recorded tax provision with a statue of limitations had expired.  In addition, the third quarter 2009 tax credit also reflected the release of a $27 million provision, following a change to the UK tax law. The effective tax rate was 15.2% for the quarter and 24.8% for the nine months. The underlying effective tax rate however for both the quarters and nine months was approximately 26% the same as the 2009 full-year rate. We recorded income from associates of $9 million in the third quarter of 2010, compared to $16 million in the quarter a year-ago, primarily due to our reduced ownership [inaudible]. On the pension side, our UK, US, and international defined benefit pension plans had a combined deficit of approximately $10 million at the end of the third quarter, down from approximately $120 million at the end of 2009, principally due to cash contributions. Pension contribution payments were $44 million in the quarter and $103 million in the first nine months of 2010. We expect to make approximately $125 million total pension contribution payments during 2010. Pension expense was $9 million in the quarter and $27 million in the year-to-date period.  I am pleased to report that we made some progress on debt reduction and capital management in the quarter and that both Moodys and S&P reaffirmed our investment grade ratings and stable outlook during the quarter. Total debt including the revolver was $2.3 billion at the end of Q3, in line with the second quarter. Cash and cash equivalents were $141 million, up slightly from June 30th. During the quarter, we generated approximately $100 million in cash from operating activities and approximately $260 million cash from operating activities in the year-to-date period.  During the quarter, we also added a second revolver which is undrawn in the amount of $200 million, basically with the with a same terms as our existing revolver, and it will be priced if drawn, and again I mentioned its not drawn, at LIBOR plus 275 basis points. And the principal reason for entering into that facility was just to give us additional financial flexibility. And with that, Ill turn the call back to Joe.
Joe Plumeri:  Thanks Mike. So, in conclusion, were very pleased with the results through the first nine months, but I want to reiterate our priorities which we have talked about in the course of this call.  One, to reinforce our sales and revenue culture to drive growth, evidenced in 4% organic growth in the quarter and year-to-date. We just think that in this environment thats outstanding and we need to continue to support that and reinforce that, so that we can remain confident that that will continue.  Second, further execute Shaping Our Future and our growth strategies. And in doing so, continue to selectively invest in growing markets, and thats people, I talked about that earlier, further develop our Willis Global unit including Global Solutions which Grahame talked about. Enhance our operating platform to support our business units.  What do we mean by that? Thats investments in systems like Epic in the United States which is, or North America is an accounting system, and everything can be driven off of it, continue to support Eclipse here in London, Will Place which is our new placement system. So that these things in building out our platform and enhance the platform to support our business units give us future efficiencies so that we can continue to run the place efficiency and look to drive out cost in all areas of our business, which gives us the ability to maintain disciplined expense management, as Mike said, continue to strengthen our balance sheet.  We think that these efforts position us extremely well for continuous success in the future. Thank you for listening. And well be very glad to answer any questions that you may have.
Operator:  Thank you. Were now ready to begin the question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Mark Hughes with SunTrust. You may ask your question. 
Mark Hughes  SunTrust : Yes, thank you very much. Good morning.
Joe Plumeri:  Good morning.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust : What is the general outlook for headcount additions as we look at 2011 maybe in the international and overall? Do you plan on keeping up the same pace of investments? Will it taper off a little bit?
Joe Plumeri:  We have a very succinct program that were looking at to reinforce our ability to be able to produce  continue to produce the business at the levels that were producing at. International is a very diversified place, Mark, just to give you an example. It makes sense for us to grow in China. It makes sense for us to grow in Brazil. It makes sense for us to grow in a lot of parts of Latin America. It makes sense for us to grow in the Middle East. It makes sense for us to grow in Russia. These places theyve been big contributions, and in some cases in emerging markets, were market leaders.  So were going to have to continue to do what you would expect us to do which is that were best in those areas. So our specialisms in London are among the finest and we have to make sure that we constantly reinforce that. And in North America, weve done a great job at even reducing our headcount. But, again, where we selectively fine producer hires, were going to do that. So its not an indiscriminate hiring thats going on, it is a very calculated, very selective approaching to being able to reinforce our people, reinforce our capability, and you are seeing that in our results that relates to our revenue growth.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust : Would the strategy then be to take any margin outside and reinvest it? So you're talking steady margins?
Joe Plumeri:  No, I wouldnt say that we would give up the ideas to take margin improvement and to reinvest all of that margin improvement. I would say that its the ability to be able to grow our top line at levels that weve been growing it, which has been very good, not give up all of our margin, but certainly in a selective approach to investing in our resources, maybe give a little bit of it, but expect to grow our margins.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust : Thank you.
Joe Plumeri:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Keith Alexander with JPMorgan.
Keith Alexander  JPMorgan : Hi, good morning. 
Joe Plumeri:  Hi. 
Keith Alexander  JPMorgan : Hi. I was wondering can you start off by talking about the capital markets activity in the quarter and specifically the impact on global growth? And then, as part of that, can you talk about how the pipeline looks versus six months and 12 months ago?
Joe Plumeri:  Sure. The impact of capital markets, which by the way has been outstanding since we hired that Group led by Tony Ursano, has been terrific, has had very little impact on the third quarter. The third quarter as a matter of fact was very, very small, so it was de minimis. We continued to have a very robust pipeline in the capital markets area and we have been retained on a number of fronts.  So I would say that the pipeline, the activity, the amount of consolidation that we possibly see in the business looks like its going to continue at pace. But were very, very happy with where we are with capital markets. But specifically your question being what kind of an impact was it on the third quarter, which is relatively little, if none.
Keith Alexander  JPMorgan : Okay, thanks for that. My next question is on the investments the company has made over the last several quarters. How long should it take for revenues to catch up and margins to expand, and perhaps if you could talk about it by segment?
Joe Plumeri:  Well, I think revenues have caught up pretty good. I mean the reason that the revenues were 4% and continue to lead the league. I dont know what will happen with the rest of our competitors. But Im really proud of 4%. I mean Im proud of North America, 2%. I mean, it appears that where we have invested were doing the right thing. And I can see it coming out in some of the accretive hires that weve made.  You see some of the investment, in the last question, with regard to capital markets, that was an investment we made, that was a whole team from Bank of America that we decided to hire, and thats accretive right off the back. So I think that there is a catch-up already. Youre going to see even more of a spread as we seed for the future, as we continue to look to the future to continue to grow our revenue in an environment that continues to be by all accounts soft for a long time. So Im very pleased, Im happy that were growing the revenue that way we are and looking at our totality of our business.  I would be upset if we had great margin growth and it was at the expense of no revenue and everything on the backside of continuing to watch or and never investment, where we still watch cost very, very, very closely. As I said earlier, were making lot of investments in our platform. Our platform which is our service hubs all over the world, our technology hubs all over the world, give us the ability to get future efficiencies that you dont see today, but youre going to see those efficiencies in a year or two from now. So the plan is working I think extremely, extremely well.
Keith Alexander  JPMorgan: I get your point about the growth. I guess what I'm trying to ask is when should we expect margins to stabilize, given any  barring any significant changes in the economic environment?
Joe Plumeri:  Barring any changes in the environment, I think you should see margins continue to improve on a moderate basis, because I think I have a lot of confidence in our ability to expand our revenue and grow our revenue.
Keith Alexander  JPMorgan: Okay. One last question and then I'll hop back in the queue. You spoke broadly about limited to no exposure growth, but can you differentiate between the lines of business and types of client?
Joe Plumeri:  The lines of business, it would take too long to go through each line. But I would tell you that on an across the board basis, I really dont see and Im looking at my colleagues as Im saying this around the room, any increase in exposures at all. Were still seeing the basic exposure levels that weve seen over the last couple of years.
Keith Alexander  JPMorgan: Thank you.
Joe Plumeri:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Adam Klauber with Macquarie.
Adam Klauber  Macquarie : Good morning, thank you. As your 
Joe Plumeri:  Good morning.
Adam Klauber  Macquarie : As your cash generation continues to improve, can you tell us maybe as you look to 2011, what uses of the cash youre looking at?
Joe Plumeri:  Ill answer a part of the question. Obviously, we still are looking forward to in early 11, of buying back some stock that we said that early quarter now for a couple of quarters or more. But thats still on our radar screen and our ability to do that. We dont believe that youre going to see much in the acquisition area with regard to use of our cash.  We think from an acquisition point of view rather than same situations thats about all that youll see. But were looking towards getting our debt-to-EBITDA down, weve talked about that, and deleveraging our balance sheet, and give us the ability to be able to buy some stock back.
Adam Klauber  Macquarie : Great, thank you very much.
Joe Plumeri: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Dan Farrell. Please state your company name. 
Dan Farrell  Sterne Agee: Good morning, and it's Sterne Agee. 
Joe Plumeri: Good morning.
Dan Farrell  Sterne Agee: Good morning. Just along those lines on sort of capital management going forward, what level of free cash on the balance sheet would you want to get to be comfortable, start undertaking that. Your free cash was roughly flat this quarter and obviously youre still doing stuff on the debt side. So at what point do we need to see debt come down to and then the free cash grow to a certain point before you'd consider doing something in that area?
Michael Neborak: So at the end of the third quarter, our debt-to-EBITDA was about 2.4 times and covenants in our debt agreements limit that to no more than 2.5 times. So we  our goal is to get it done to 2.2 times to 2.1 times before we would consider really starting a buyback program.
Dan Farrell  Sterne Agee: Okay. And your comment on acquisitions, I'm just curious why in the US, in your middle market business when you do have some more cash, why you wouldn't be interested in doing some of the smaller M&A, which some of the other companies are doing. It seems like it would be a nice opportunity for fold and things of that nature?
Joe Plumeri:  Ill answer that generally. By the way, Dan, the answer that Mike gave you with regard to our ratios have been consistent. Weve always said that we want to get around 2.1 times, 2.2 times, and that would make us comfortable. To answer this question, Ill give you a global answer, and Don Bailey, maybe can answer. We have about 130 locations in the United States and very emphasis on the middle market. We are developing a culture in the US after a huge integration effort which has been very, very successful. And every please that you need to be and rates the density of our population, our associates, and our producers that you need to be in the US, were there. Are there some places and corners of the US? That were not sure.  But I think that were going to get greater yield out of our investment in what weve already done and continuing to reinforce our culture and Sales 2.0 and all of the things that we have planned to grow the middle market, then we would by continuing to make acquisitions. There are others that are making acquisitions one by one by one, when in HRH we did it all at once, we got great efficiencies, we got margins over 20%. So our thinking suggests that that's working, and why change that now? Don do you have anything you want to add to that?
Don Bailey: Id just add Joe that, as you said, weve got the platform in North America that we wanted, and were executing on it, and youre starting to see those results. Were in all the major cities as you highlighted Joe. We have very good numbers in those major cities and we had a lot of real good numbers in secondary and tertiary cities as well.  So, for us, there might be more niche book plays, book acquisitions that are out there that we can contemplate, but our operating platform right now is very sound. And as Joe said, just running a better business on that platform will produce meaningful yields for us going forward.
Dan Farrell  Sterne Agee: Thanks. Just one other quick item; can you just comment on some of your small account efforts? You talked a little bit about your global and large stuff. Can you talk a little bit about what's going on in that area?
Joe Plumeri:  Don.
Don Bailey: Sure. Youve got  this business that were in has generally been more focused on middle market, lower middle market type business. And there is a segment which well refer to as commercial and its defined a little differently across the globe within Willis, as you can appreciate, really has to do with making sure youve got probably three things to properly conduct that business.  You need critical mass, you need a proper operating platform, and you need some technology. And when you have all three of those, you can actually take that business for the most part out of the middle market operating environment that is in, move it into a more specialized environment, get a lot more margin out of it that you would otherwise, get it frankly profitability in a lot of that space. So weve probably got two efforts going on within Willis right now.  One is certainly and just migrating all of our current commercial segment business to that platform and making sure we get profitability through that effort. Thats been going on and will continue to go on. Relatively there are third-party efforts that we can engage and to grow that business as well. So well continue to do that as we go forward.
Dan Farrell  Sterne Agee: Thank you.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus. 
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks, good morning. Let me start with I guess with one question on the international segment. What's the exposure unit trend there? Is that a positive on a year-over-year basis on the aggregate?
Joe Plumeri:  I didnt hear. Would you say that Meyer again slowly? Im sorry I didnt catch the whole question.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: No, no problem at all. I'm wondering whether in the international segment, the trend in exposure units is actually, is that flat, is it rising?
Joe Plumeri:  Exposure units in international I think are about flat as I said, when I answered the question about exposures, I speak for most of the world, where I dont see in very many places other than emerging countries. And, of course, Im eliminating those places which are obviously like Latin America where exposures are up, the emerging countries and Russia and China.  But in the more seasoned mature countries, and I'm looking at Sarah Turvill as I say this, that our exposures are about flat and I dont see any rise, Im looking at the UK, I'm looking at David Margrett when I say this, the UK exposures are about the same as well. Our rise in our revenue growth, in our businesses are coming from opening more accounts than retaining our accounts, thats where its coming from. Its not coming because rates are better or exposures are higher.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, thanks.
Joe Plumeri:  Thank you.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus: With regard to the global  I'm sorry, the large corporate account business under Martin Sullivan, is that business fundamentally lower margin than lets say the current North America business?
Martin Sullivan:  Good morning, its Martin Sullivan. Ill turn the microphone around. Not necessarily. I mean, obviously in many areas of the global account segment, there are niche opportunities that actually have very wide margins. And in the first six weeks of my Willis career, Ive been sitting down with my colleagues and actually scoping the opportunity, and its a very large opportunity.  And as Grahame articulated earlier, were all very excited about that opportunity. But to be specific to your question, I wouldnt necessarily assume that in the major account area, we cant maintain the current level of margins. Obviously well be selective in the RFPs that we respond to and that the accounts that we target, but we expect to make the level of returns that you would expect us to make.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay, fantastic. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mark Hughes with SunTrust. Your line is open. 
Mark Hughes  SunTrust : Thank you. Refresh me on how much of the North American business is benefit, and then what's your take on the impact of health reform on that segment?
Joe Plumeri: Don.
Don Bailey:  About 25% of our business is in the employee benefits area as we sit here today. Healthcare reform anybody thats going to get on this call and give you a definitive forecast of what the impact of healthcare reform is going to be on that business is probably a little nave. Weve done as you can appreciate a lot of analysis certainly on our own and through a lot of third parties as to how that reform will ultimately play out.  On a net basis, we believe it actually can be positive for us as we go forward. We think increasingly carriers are going to be looking for more value added intermediaries on a going forward basis, were already seeing that and engaging those conversation. We also believe that buyers and employers increasingly are going to be looking for more value-added intermediary, not just transactional players, but those that can bring HR communication strategies, wellness strategies to the table as well. So we believe were well positioned in that space.  You can start to play through the advent in 2014 of state-based exchanges and what impact is that going to have in your business. Again you get 20 states currently that are suing the government, and so I'm not sure how quickly they're going to adopt those exchanges. But if you look at Massachusetts and Utah, we don't necessarily see those as they currently exist as being threats to our business.  So I think youre going to have some of them very small life businesses that are impacted, the individual market maybe impacted, but overall we think employers are going to increasingly need our services, and this business for the most part will continue to be distributed through employers. So we think net-net, were well positioned, and this is going to be a good opportunity for us as we go forward. Complexity tends to be a space where we play well.
Joe Plumeri:  Just add to that, I think our value proposition is outstanding. You can see by the 4% growth in employee benefits in North America where again its 20%, 25% of our business is outstanding.  The value proposition I think plays a bigger part with employers wanting to understand more about what their options are and how they can help their employees, especially in a dwindling expense base, where I only got so much money to spend to help my employees and were finding more and more in our value proposition as we talk to our people that employers are asking more questions and looking for more assistance as to the best way to use that dollar that they do have. So it appears that even though were not clear about healthcare reform, but we are clear about the fact, right, Don, that people are looking for more and more help.
Mark Hughes  SunTrust : Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Cliff Gallant with KBW. 
Cliff Gallant  KBW : Good morning.
Joe Plumeri:  Hi Cliff.
Cliff Gallant  KBW : Hi. My question has to do with  there's a I think a market thesis out there that there is a certain large international insurance carrier that had a couple of financial problems a few years ago, which has pressured rates throughout the industry. I was curious if there happened to be anyone there who could comment on whether or not that that is still true?  Also regarding that same insurance company, there was a thesis out there that because this insurer paid lower brokerage commissions, that as the industry changed, or if that company lost market share, that the insurance brokers would benefit from higher the commissions transferring from that company to other insurers. I was wondering if anyone there could comment?
Joe Plumeri:  No one here wants to comment on that subject.
Cliff Gallant  KBW : Okay, thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Keith Alexander with JPMorgan. 
Keith Alexander  JPMorgan : Hi. Can you guys talk a bit about the thought process behind recent initiatives including the Group mining practice, the Captive Insurance facility in Malta, the agri business in the metal and plastics program with Chartis? I know it's a broad range.
Joe Plumeri:  Yes, thats a lot. Those are lot of initiatives. When you talk about the Captive in Malta is simply to expand our ability. I was at the conference in Chicago for self insurance and I told them that Malta was just another way that we wanted to expand our experience there. As it relates to mining and plastics, I mean what this business is about a specialization, this business is about our investment in specialization.  No longer do you go out and say you want to buy insurance or you want buy insurance from us, its about understanding  we have a thing called The Willis Cause, and the first piece of the cause is to understanding our clients industries and knowledge off those industries. And by having specializations, by enhancing our ability to understand those industries gives us a greater ability to be able to have our clients feel that we understand them. And then as a result of understanding them can give them solutions that nobody else can give him. So youre going to see us continuing to expand our specialization base.
Keith Alexander  JPMorgan: Thank you.
Operator:  And our next question comes from Adam Klauber with Macquarie. 
Adam Klauber  Macquarie : Thanks. Just one or two follow-ups. Could you just give us any guidance on the amortization of cash retention payments? They've obviously been growing at a relatively rapid pace. Will that slow down eventually?
Michael Neborak:  Well, eventually, yes, itll slowdown. In the fourth quarter the amount would be a little bit larger than it was here in the third quarter. And then in 2011, the total amount will be greater than 2010. And early in 2012, itll converge, and so there will no kind of year-over-year or quarter-over-quarter increase.
Adam Klauber  Macquarie : Okay. And also can you help us on the tax rate going forward, what can we expect?
Michael Neborak:  Yes, I think 26% is a good rate to use going forward. I tell you, it could come in at 26.5%. Well, that depends on our income coming out of North America. But 26%, 26.5% is really the rates that I would use going forward as you model the business.
Adam Klauber  Macquarie : Okay, thank you very much.
Operator:  And at this time, there are no further questions.
Joe Plumeri:  Okay. Thank you very much, everybody. Have a great day. Bye.
Operator:  Thank you for participating in todays conference. You may disconnect at this time.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-05-02 08:00:00) =====
Executives:  Kerry Calaiaro  Director, IR Joe Plumeri  Chairman and CEO Grahame Millwater  President Stephen Wood  Group Controller and Interim CFO Don Bailey  Chairman and CEO of North America Peter Hearn  Head of Reinsurance Adam Ciongoli  General Counsel
Analysts:  Keith Walsh  Citi Jack Sherck  SunTrust Keith Alexander  JPMC Brian Meredith  UBS Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus David West  Davenport & Company  
Operator: Welcome and thank you for standing by. All participants will be in a listen-only mode until the question-and-answer session of the conference. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, todays conference is being recorded. If you have any objections you may disconnect at this time. I would now like to turn the call over to your host Ms. Kerry Calaiaro, Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Kerry Calaiaro: Thank you and welcome to our First Quarter 2010 Earnings Conference call and webcast. Our call today is hosted by Joe Plumeri, Willis Group Holdings Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. A replay of the call will be available through May 30, 2010 at 11:59 PM Eastern Time by calling 877-387-6450 from within the US or 1203-369-4751 from outside the US no pass code is needed. Alternatively the webcast replay can be accessed at our new and improved Investor Relations section of our web site at www.willis.com. If you have any questions after the call my direct line is 212-915-8084. As we begin, our call let me remind you that we may make certain statements relating to future results which are forward-looking statements as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical results or those estimated or anticipated. Please note that these forward-looking statements reflect our opinions only as of the date of this presentation, and we undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements in light of new information or future events. Please refer to our SEC filings including our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 as well as our earnings press release for more detailed discussion of the risk factors that may affect our results. Copies may also be obtained from the SEC or by visiting the Investor Relation section of our website. Also please note that certain financial measures we use on the call are expressed on a non-GAAP basis. Our GAAP results and GAAP to non-GAAP reconciliation can be found in our earnings press release. I'll now turn the call over to Joe.
Joe Plumeri: Thank you Kerry and welcome everybody and good morning. Thank you for joining us for our first quarter 2010 earnings call. Here with me today are Stephen Wood, Group Controller and Interim CFO; Grahame Millwater, our President; Don Bailey, Chairman and CEO of North America; and Peter Hearn, who is responsible as you all know for our reinsurance business. So were all here to answer your questions and the chime in, when you want us to. Let me talk about the first quarter and the conditions surrounding the first quarter. Obviously were very pleased with the results we have delivered this quarter, especially given in the environment. The general economic conditions remain challenging in a number of countries in which we operate and then on top of that as you all know, the rate environment is still very soft, but against this background we delivered and thats what were excited about. Adjusted earnings per diluted share from continuing operations was $1.27, adjusted operating margin of 32.2% was up 240 basis points over a year ago period, 3% organic growth in commissions and fees and this was driven by positive organic growth in each of our operating segments which is really exciting to us, Shaping Our Future, an ongoing program thats been going on for three years continued to yield net benefits of $14 million that was realized in the first quarter of 2010. And Ill only talk about our business segments, first North America, last year we continually talked about integration, updated you on how that was going, were not going to do that anymore, thats done, dusted over. So let's talk about our business and really whats going on in North America. We had 1% organic growth where we delivered double-digit new business generation, supported by continuing high client and producer retention rates, which is very, very important. And these are two things that we concentrated on especially in North America, since the acquisition was made. We have a net due I think to intense personal engagement with producers by our local management, by our regional management, by Don Bailey and his staff and hes making on a great job. Combining this was a new producer package which we inaugurated on January 1, I think it makes all of those statistics possible. The rate headwind was a negative 3% for the quarter compared with the 6% negative in the fourth quarter. So the rates remain soft. The differentiation, I think within the mix of business, its not that the business has gotten any harder or more stable. I think its the mix of business, the mix of the differential between the two. Driving on a business growth in commissions and fees in general are our specialist businesses. We gained substantial client feedback from varied sources including client advisory councils, client surveys and interviews and we know from all of that that the clients demand from us that our product and segment expertise and our specialist segment expertise carry today. In the first quarter, high levels of growth were delivered in healthcare, financial institutions, personal lines and real estate hospitality. Bottom line, where we specialize is I said earlier we performed better and the whole lender pending [ph] of our growth that youll hear later with regard to our growth strategy going forward is our specialization, understanding our client needs, understanding their industry and where we specialize and let them understand and be confident by the fact that we understand them, we win. We continue to successfully convert or protect the legacy HRH contingents, we noted that in the press release. In the first quarter of 2010, we had $8 million compared with $20 million in the first quarter of 2009. Let me just make a couple of points before I get off that subject with regard to contingent commissions, that they dont convert that differential of $12 million, they dont convert automatically in the first quarter, they convert overtime, over a period of the course of the year because its not a portfolio basis. Secondly, they dont convert dollar-for-dollar, a lot of times businesses lost or there is other things that occur in that business and they have been converted in a declining rate environment. So its not $12 million in the quarter, there are a lot of things that have jurisdiction over that $12 million and I thought Id take a second to make sure that thats understood. So at the end of the day, our organic revenue growth came from strong new business with high client retention and producer retention. US recession and high unemployment continue to weigh especially on construction and our employee benefit businesses which I thought Id mention because it is a big part of our business. The construction practice commissions and fees declined single digits in the first quarter. It is better than it was last year and theyre improving from now double-digit decline in the full year 09 versus 2008 which is still in decline, now its a single-digit decline. Theyre getting better. Employee benefit practice represents about 20% of North American revenues, commissions and fees were flat in the first quarter of 2010 compared to 2009 which I think in a declining headcount job rate environment that was a very impressive result because a lot of this has to do with the amount of employees that are covered by our clients. So I think very, very impressive considering them point of levels. Well Im on the subject of employee benefits, I should give you a little bit of color, share a few thoughts on healthcare reform which is not an easy thing to do, its complicated and Im not going to read all 2,600 pages but Id give you our take on what healthcare reform is all about. Many of the final details of the legislation is yet to be determined and as such any definitive statement about its perspective impact on our business is difficult and its probably premature, Ill take a few shots at it. The legislation will create more insureds that's good for us. It will create more regulatory complexity and thats certainly good for us. It will create incentives for cost management that will place the premium on world-class program, design and placement and thats good for us and it will increase employer costs that will create the need to find high value, provide a broker that give them really intelligent consultation and thats good for us. While the practical implications of medical loss ratios in state based exchanges are I think still will to be determined too early. Willis is  I think were well positioned to deliver what we believe clients will need. Brokers with key structuring and transaction skills which we have along with broad consulting capabilities, I think will do well on the future environment. At Willis, we have all under one roof, we got all those capabilities, all the resources and were excited about the future as the economy recovers as more people are put to work, as more questions are answered, as more help is needed by our clients, we think thats good. And then lastly Ill tell you that our operating margin in North America expanded to 21.5% in the first quarter of 2010, up 60 basis points from a year ago, reflecting organic commissions and fee growth combined with ongoing cost management, just a terrific job in North America. Let me talk a little bit about the international. The organic growth in commissions and fees continues to be good. It was 3% for the first quarter and continued its record of impressive growth across many regions in the phase of some slowing economic conditions which you are familiar with especially in some of the countries in Europe. Outside the UK and Ireland international grew 5%. So if you take out Ireland and its economic growth and if you take out the UK international grew 5%. We had strong growth in Latin America let by Venezuela and Brazil. Asia let by Indonesia and China and Eastern Europe led by Russia while commonly Europe faces a more challenging economic environment as I said earlier resulting in lower growth levels. UK and Ireland retail are improving, but still declined 3% as they continue to face the economic challenges. Weve seen some signs though of an improving economy in UK with positive GDP growth, while the Irish economy is showing signs it might have bottomed out, so thats good. Employee benefit practices which represented about 10% of international commissions and fees continues to perform well growing in mid-single digits. New business generation remains double-digit while absorbing a negative one point rate impact and then finally, international operating margins remained seasonally high at 33.9%. Now let me turn to global, the segment comprised of reinsurance just to remind you, Reinsurance, Global specialties, Faber & Dumas, Willis Capital Markets and Advisory had a 7% organic growth in commissions and fees in the quarter and in the phase of a two point rate headwind. Despite the continued softness in the market, each business delivered positive growth primarily driven by our reinsurance operation which continues to deliver. Reinsurance had a high single-digit growth in the quarter. Growth was driven by strong new business generation in North America and strong growth in Europe and Asia. As a result of strong reinsurance underwriting process in 2009, this is general but disciplined softening of rates which continues to be a significant headwind. Insured losses not yet sufficient to change pricing but despite record loss activity in quarter one, it was the largest first quarter cat loss in history in the first quarter. Global specialties are  revenues were the drivers, the financial and executive risk specialties and marine, strong business in a difficult environment, headwinds continue and include industry consolidation, depressed world trade and soft rates. Faber & Dumas our London based wholesale business also recorded positive organic growth driven by new business generation. Willis Capital Markets, all I can say is were happy with the early successes of Willis Capital Markets. Its a very fledgeling business but were very, very hopeful and optimistic of whats going to happen throughout the year and our global operating margin after having said all that was a seasonally high 45.5% in the first quarter. So with all that as a backdrop let me turn it over to Grahame Millwater, who is going to talk to you about growth Shaping Our Future and funding growth as we go forward. Grahame?
Grahame Millwater:  Thank you, Joe. We continued to drive our program with change and continual improvement across all the businesses and see the benefits from these programs reflected in our quarter results. Just to remind you the program focuses on three key areas. The organic growth program that is driving our revenue increase, Shaping Our Future which is driving our efficiency and profitability and funding growth which is the program managing our underlying expense base on a day-to-day basis. Let me give you a brief update on progress report on all of these. Firstly growth, were now entering our second year of the growth program. We commenced at the beginning of 2009 and we initially focused on our international and global businesses and then our North American business in the second half of 2009 as we came out of the integration process. The growth program has the following key elements to it. First in driving the retention and new business metrics across every business unit with very define targets and those targets linked to our global incentives. Secondly, increasing the productivity and effectiveness of our revenue generating associates and a major drive to recruit the best talents in the industry. Thirdly, continued development of our proposition in our key segments for global large accounts middle market and small commercial, and that combined with a real focus as Joe said earlier on our specialty skills and our industry segments. Also were focusing on real breakout growth segments such as China, Brazil where employee benefits facultative, reinsurance, Willis Capital Markets, etcetera. And in the first quarter of 2009, we had nine large meetings across the world, where we really engaged with a 1000 of our business leaders on the subjects of new business growth retention, business planning and targeting. I have to say the optimism and excitement was so obvious at these meetings and just confirms the opportunity that we have in front of us as a group. The impact of all these initiatives has evidence in our sector leading organic revenue growth and its also very pleased to see our efforts in North America gaining traction. Now let me turn to Shaping Our Future. One of the questions we often get is whether our margin and our margin improvement is sustainable. One of the drivers of this not just been our day-to-day expense management, but our longer term program of change to our infrastructure program, processes and optimal use of locations such as our offshore center in Mumbai. The momentum in this program that core Shaping Our Future continues and we will continue to drive benefits from this program over the coming years. We met the three year target we set ourselves at the beginning of 2008, within two years. Just to remind you this was to deliver cumulative additional net benefit to our bottom line of $100 million. Despite having met this target early we continued to drive the program and the associated benefits and in the first quarter of 2010 we delivered further additional growth benefits of $23 million with net margin benefits of $14 million. The key drivers of these benefits in the past couple of years has been our focus on client profitability and enhanced new original commissions. However were now entering next interesting phase of Shaping Our Future where we start to drive real increase benefit from our longer term program with technology impressive change. Once we continue to manage our expenses on a day-to-day our efficiency gains going forward will largely derive from the infrastructure programs within Shaping Our Future. We have three major large programs of technology impressive change in London, UK retail and now the ethic program in North America. And this will be extended into international retail in 2011. We also continued to roll out our program of location optimization with work being moved out of the branch offices to our regional service centers and then from the regional service centers to offshore in Mumbai and were now also in the process of identifying low cost service center location in Europe and Latin America, a non-English language related servicing requirements. It is this combination of technology platform enhancement, key process change and optimal use of our service and support centers that really allows us to continue to drive cost efficiencies and increase service performance even as our revenues increase in line with our growth plans. And as Ive already said this plan allows us to believe that we continue to improve our margins over time. Now let me turn to funding growth, the third of our major programs and were driving a funding growth program in 2010. As you know we achieved significant HRH synergies and rightsizing with us such savings in 2009. And generally speaking our major focus has shifted from integration to driving organic growth and building a platform build over the longer term efficiency gain. However, in 2010 weve identified further internal expense savings that come from just our performance management program and identifying other corporate expense improvements and were in the process of executing on those savings. This program will help us fund the investment were making in 2010 on these productive recruits and the further investments in our technology program. Just a quick overview of where we are on these initiatives. Needless to say the accumulated effect of these has allowed us to yet another quarter of positive organic revenue growth and operating margins improvement. And with that I would turn the call over to Stephen Wood, our Group Controller and Interim CFO to review the financial results, Stephen.
Stephen Wood:  Thank you Grahame and good morning or good afternoon everybody. Earnings, reported earnings for continuing operations in the first quarter were $204 million or a $1.20 per share. Reported earnings were impacted by nontaxable one time charge of $12 million or $0.07 per share. This relates to the Venezuelan currency devaluation. Adjusted earnings from continuing operations in the first quarter of 2010 excluding the Venezuelan revaluation with $216 or $1.27 per share. Other foreign currency movements positively impacted earnings per share by $0.06 in the first quarter of 2010. Let me now turn over operating margin. Reported operating margin was 31%. This was negatively impacted by the one-time charge related to the Venezuelan devaluation. Excluding the impacts of the devaluation adjusted operating margin for the quarter was 32.2%, up 240 basis points from 29.8% in the year ago quarter. The first quarter of 2010, adjusted operating margin was impacted by solid growth in commission and fees, lower investment income as global interest rates remained low, lower pension, severance and amortization cost and favorable operational FX. Let me give you some more details now on the expense. Reported salaries and benefits were $486 million in the first quarter of 2010 compared with $480 million in the first quarter of 2009. Salaries and benefits were 50% up total revenue in the first quarter of 2010 compared with 51.6% in the year ago period. As reported in the press release we have a cash retention program in place. We started awarding retentions in 2005 for a small number of people. With the success of the retention program we expanded it over time to include more staff on an employee turn of half decline. Given the increase prominence of that program we believe that is appropriate to give additional color. In the first quarter 2010, cash retention awards of $169 were paid with amortization currently over three years, starting from the beginning of the quarter in which is the payment is paid. Salary and benefits includes $28 million of expenses relating to the amortization of cash retention awards compared to $18 million of expenses in 2009. Salaries and benefits do not reflect the unamortized portion of annual cash retention awards. At the end of the first quarter of 2010 the balance sheet held $233 million unamortized retention awards in other assets, $98 million as of December 31, 2009 and a $127 million as of March 31, 2009. Reported other operating expenses were $149 million in the first quarter of 2010 compared with a $138 million in the first quarter of 2009. We will continue to maintain the strict expense control protocols we had in place throughout 2009. Operational Foreign Exchange, operational foreign exchange is a positive impact on a Q1 2010 adjusted earnings per share and adjusted operating margin compared to the quarter a year ago Q1 2009. The Euro appreciated positively impacting results due to overweight of Euro revenues. And the Pound appreciated against the dollar negatively impacting expenses due to overweight of Sterling expenses. However the impact of this was broadly offset by our hedging program. Let me move to tax items, reported income taxes, income tax expense for the quarter was $67 million compared to $62 million expense for the comparable period a year ago. The effective tax rate for the quarter ended March 31, 2010 was 26%, after adjusting for the net effect of 13 items. The underlying effective tax rate for the quarter on the March 31 2010 remains at 26%. The same underlying effective tax rate for the full year 2009. Associates, income from associates was $20 million in the first quarter of 2010 compared to $26 million in the year ago quarter. This line is reported net of interest from (inaudible) in the Gras Savoye we completed last year. We currently estimate that the reduction ownership of Gras Savoye will reduce the associate line by approximately $10 million in 2010 compared with 2009. Pensions, like others our defined pension plans continued to impact our income statement, balance sheet and cash flow. Our main plans were in the UK, US with several smaller plans in international. The scheme had a combined deficit of around $120 million at the end of 2009. That deficit was approximately $80 million at the end of the first quarter 2010. We expect to make total contributions to the firm of approximately $125 million in 2010. We currently estimate pension expense in 2010 to be approximately $40 million. Debt and capital management, total debt at the end of the first quarter is now $2.4 billion compared with $2.37 billion as at December 31, 2009. As we typically do it this time of year, the revolver was drawn from normal seasonal usage to tune up of about $65 million. As you know we paid bonus and cash retention awards in the first quarter and the revolvers on paid back over the subsequent quarters. We also had a mandatory term loan repayment in the quarter of $27 million. Debt reduction remains our priority. Looking at the rest of the year, we have mandatory term loan repayments of $27 million per quarter and a final bond maturity payments of $83 million in July. Cash and cash equivalents was a $196 million as at March 31, 2010. With that I will now turn the call back to Joe.
Joe Plumeri: Thank you very much Stephen. Before I give you some concluding comments, I just wanted to give you an update our CFO search. The process is moving along very, very well. Its a very, very important position, so were not rushing it. Shortlist very strong candidates across the board and we hope well make a decision soon so youll be hearing that about that I think very soon. So let me just summarize, what I think are our key events. Adjusted earnings per diluted share from continuing operations was $1.27, adjusted operating margin of 32.2% and 3% organic growth in commissions were positive, organic growth in each segment which as I said before is outstanding. So reiterate the priorities, many of what which youve heard over the course of this presentation. Reinforce our sales and revenue culture to drive growth, high growth in new business and high retention rates, further execute Shaping Our Future, thats going go on for a long, long time its part of the culture of this company, maintain  continue to maintain as we have for years. Disciplined expense management to fund that growth and also to be able to fund the difficult environment were in and to continue to strengthen our balance sheet and continue to get to the point where we get the debt-to-EBITDA down to the levels that we mentioned earlier. I think all of these efforts have and will continue to position us very, very well for success and Ill turn this over to the moderator, who will ask you if you got any questions. Thank you.
Operator:  At this time, were ready to go to question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) One moment for the first question please. Keith Walsh from Citi. You may ask you question.
Keith Walsh  Citi:  Hey Good morning everybody.
Joe Plumeri:  Hi Keith, how are you doing?
Keith Walsh  Citi:  Good. How are you Joe?
Joe Plumeri:  Good to see you the other night.
Keith Walsh  Citi:  Yes, same here. I guess first question the same one I have been asking I guess for the last four quarters in a row. The contingent you tell us it goes from 20 to 8, I'm assuming the other 12 I mean, you alluded to this a little bit maybe its less converted to regular commissions, is this number is or is that $12 million or $10 million whatever it is included in your organic growth rate of 1% in North America?
Joe Plumeri:  No. It is not, I mean you  its something you and Ive been talking about for a while and its just the suggestion is that the 12 is converted in one quarter, it is not. Its converted over a period of time and when its not converted on a dollar-for-dollar basis there is lost accounts in there, there is different kinds of treatments as it relates to the way about stuff flows through so that when you take all of that stuff in the account first declining rates the $12 million is almost de minimis, it's almost nothing there.
Keith Walsh  Citi:  Okay. So just to be clear here, you had $20 million of contingents, now its only 8. There is the gap in between there and youre telling me that gap is nothing?
Joe Plumeri:  A gap of $12 million which appears to be in your particular case and I could appreciate that that suggest that when you take that away from were in a growth number that were not really growing 1%, to simply a difference of miscalculation in the way you look at it. The $12 million is not converted in one quarter Keith, the $12 million is not, its spread out throughout the year, so that gives you a very small percentage in the quarter, secondly its not done on a quarter  on a dollar-for-dollar basis. There are declining rates that are also included in there and there is also included in that calculation lost accounts that well never see again and as a result of that when you include all of those factors, its de minimis.
Keith Walsh  Citi:  Okay, so basically youre saying that $12 million is an immaterial number and that 1% organic is more representative of your true organic growth even if I stripped out both of the interest.
Joe Plumeri:  Yes, and another thing I would say on top of that whatever the number is that is converted into the upfront commissions which weve done over the last year and a half are work that we have to do to convert them from contingents to upfront commissions. So if you do all of that whatever is left and I think its small, its not a great percentage of the converted contingents its still upfront commissions which we had to work to generate. So when you put all those things together I dont see that that had a grave effect upon our organic growth.
Keith Walsh  Citi:  Okay, and then just moving on to Peter, looking at the strength in global I'm assuming a lot of thats coming from reinsurance. Maybe if you could just talk a little bit about the strength there between maybe, buckets of price, carrier retention and maybe share gains from some of your larger competitors?
Peter Hearn:  Yes, I think its a combination of all three Keith weve had in place in reinsurance a very strong sales, just went for a number of years starting to manifest itself in all of our businesses. Weve still benefit from the purchase of R.K. Carvill last year on top of the strong North American growth we had but its a function of high client retention which is always been a hallmark of Willis Re, strong sales discipline and yes some fall out some of our competitors.
Keith Walsh  Citi:  Okay and then just if I could sneak one last on Steve and just on the pension expense, I think you said the GAAP expense of $40 million in 2010. If you could just remind us what it was in 2009?
Stephen Wood:  In 09 it was, just a second, Im just looking, $43 million.
Keith Walsh  Citi:  Great, thanks a lot.
Joe Plumeri:  Thanks Keith.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Jack Sherck with SunTrust.
Jack Sherck  SunTrust:  Hi, thank you very much. Just a question about the rate headwind in the US, you mentioned it was down 3% versus down 6% in 4Q and it was due to a change in the mix of business rather than a change in the market. I just wanted to know if Im interpreting that correctly was it more strength did you saw in healthcare, financial, personal lines and real estate, did you know what that was?
Joe Plumeri:   Ill let Don to answer that question.
Don Bailey:  And the answer would generally yes, so the point that Joe was trying to make is that were not suggesting that there is some demonstrable demands trend in the marketplace where rates are getting better. Its not the case at all. What youre seeing is more different products that represent our mix of business in the first quarter versus the fourth quarter, thats all.
Joe Plumeri:   Its a question of sector strengthening, some lines getting better than other lines but so when you look at say rates seem to be getting better, thats not case, thats why I mentioned its more of a mix of the type of business and the lines of business rather than it is a broad book thats going from six to three.
Jack Sherck  SunTrust:  Right, and then you mentioned that in North America employee benefits is about 20%. What is that construction now?
Joe Plumeri:  How much percentage of our business is construction?
Jack Sherck  SunTrust:  Exactly.
Joe Plumeri:  In North America, it's 10%.
Jack Sherck  SunTrust:  10%. And then just my final question is on the 2% rate headwind that you mentioned in global. What was that last quarter, do you remember?
Joe Plumeri:  What was that last quarter? Its about 2%.
Jack Sherck  SunTrust:  Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Joe Plumeri:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Keith Alexander with JPMC.
Keith Alexander  JPMC:  Hi good morning.
Joe Plumeri:  Hi good morning.
Keith Alexander  JPMC:  Hi, I was wondering do you expect growth persists in global and international for the rest of 2010.And if not what kind of macro environment is needed to keep it positive?
Joe Plumeri:  Well we certainly hope so, I can't make any predictions the economy there as you know is very inconsistent especially in the so called PIGS countries. But I will tell you that the PIGS countries just represent 15% of our revenue in international, but theyre good countries, Spain and Italy especially are very big countries for us but the total is only 15%. So there is a lot of inconsistency, you got Ireland, still not getting to positive GDP but getting better, the UK is positive GDP and thats getting better. We dont know whats going to happen in Europe. We could get more strength in obviously Germany and France but then you got the Spain and Italy thing but I think when everything is certainly done and of course our Asian operations and South America  Latin America have done very, very well. So when you put all that together you got 3% strength if you could UK and Ireland and you got 5% strength if you dont include it. So well were very helpful with everything that we got in place and the consistent results that international is showing that were hopeful that thats going to continue.
Keith Alexander  JPMC:  Okay, great that was helpful. And then I was wondering if you could talk about why Willis has been able to grow North America while some peers, particularly in the middle market have had more difficulty?
Joe Plumeri:  Well Im looking at Don Bailey and I think our management is outstanding. We really spend a lot of time with our producers, I said that and then Ill let Don answer this but we spend a lot of time with our producers. Were very intense about the relationship we have with our producers. We have lots of growth oriented training that talks you growing our business and retaining our clients. Our client retention is 92% and growing, but if you take loss for cause, out of that 8% differential, its about 3 or 4% thats actually lost, so thats a great number. I think that the way we run our practices and our specialisms which means there are practices help our producers feel specialized in the areas that our clients are interested in and if you take all of those things together, thats the reason why we grow as well as we do. There is a simply a different model that we execute in North America, lots of the time in our branches around the country are spent in servicing our clients needs, in talking about what they need to have done rather than a lot of administration and more thats going to continue as we continue to do more administration outside of branches and less in branches. So I would say those are all the reasons. Well, Don is here.
Don Bailey:  There is nothing to add 
Joe Plumeri:  I missed anything.
Don Bailey:  No, you didnt.
Joe Plumeri:  I wanted to answer that because I wanted to say that I think he is doing a great job and you would say that.
Don Bailey:  Maybe he would.
Keith Alexander  JPMC:  Thanks for that, has there been any change to how you define the middle market in terms of client size?
Don Bailey:  Not really, we just a lot more of that business by virtue of the HRH combination than we ever had before so weve got some great critical mass in our core business which allows us to deploy a lot of the strategy that Joe was just talking about. It makes the recruiting game a lot more wide open than it was before, we can recruit from everybody, because weve got a space, a critical mass in that space and weve got it in cities all across the country. We now have a 130 plus offices all over North America. So our business in the middle market is not one thats just focused around major cities, its a secondary and tertiary city presence as well.
Keith Alexander  JPMC:  Okay, and then one last question, regarding the UK pension plan, was there any impact from foreign exchange mark-to-market on the plan in the quarter?
Stephen Wood:  No there wasnt that much impact actually assets increased and the dollar weekend, so it had a base (inaudible) up.
Keith Alexander  JPMC:  Alright, great. Thank you, guys.
Joe Plumeri:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from Brian Meredith with UBS.
Brian Meredith  UBS:  Hey good morning everybody.
Joe Plumeri:  Hi Brian, how are you doing?
Brian Meredith  UBS:  Good. I had a question, Im just looking at some of the numbers here. The corporate expenses looked like they were down substantially, is that due to FX or is that really where a lot of the expense saves have been coming out of?
Stephen Wood:  Thats our corporate expenses as we put our hedging through and the amount of hedging that went through their was lower this year than it was last year, so the amount from hedging which was lower.
Brian Meredith  UBS:  Okay, so thats the principal reason why there is a big decline.
Stephen Wood:  Yes sir.
Brian Meredith  UBS:  Got you, and then next question, are you seeing any increase or any change in kind of the competitive pricing among the insurance brokers out there, or is it everybody kind of being disciplined with kind of fees right now?
Joe Plumeri:  I dont think everybody is the same. I think that you hear a lot of stories about the competitiveness of people dropping their fees to keep accounts. You heard out all the time, but Im not going to suggest it comes from anyone place but you do hear stories about that all the time, were competing for accounts and some (inaudible) we won or we loss because so well they drop their fee enormously. Yes, its still out there, is it prevalent rather than once in a while, I think its more prevalent than it is once in a while. But in our particular case, we do most of our business in commissions, and when we do business on a fee basis, I do hear stories that people are dropping their fees a lot in order to hold onto accounts and come back and play another day. I think thats accurate. Don, you want to?
Don Bailey:  The other dynamic is just the clients in this environment are looking for more for less. So weve got that dynamic that plays out on top of what Joe just described which is brokers who are looking for that elusive organic growth who are increasingly more competitive on their fees.
Brian Meredith  UBS:  Thank you very much.
Joe Plumeri:  Thank you.
Operator:   The next question comes from Meyer Shields with Stifel Nicolaus.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Thanks. Good morning all.
Joe Plumeri:  Hi Meyer.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  If I can take one more whack at the contingent commission issue or the conversion, I understand that only a small portion of the $12 million gap is going to show up as commission revenue this quarter, but I would think that this quarter would also include the converted contingents from previous quarters. Is there any way to sort of ballparking that total figure?
Joe Plumeri:  No, its what it is, there is nothing else there. I dont know, Ive tried to bear down on this issue for what it is. The $12 million gets converted to upfront, it doesnt happen at one time contingence by their nature, dont happen all at once, its a book of business that is calculated over a course of the year, not in one quarter, and its not done on a dollar-for-dollar basis. And its certainly doesnt include because the legacy HRH contingence that theyre necessarily going to be everything in there thats going to be converted. So when you put all that together its just not what it appears to be, its not part of organic revenue, the organic revenue growth is there. I tried to explain it as easily and as thoughtfully as I possibly can for you.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay, let me move to a different subject and on the reinsurance side, can you give us a breakdown of how much reinsurance brokerage revenue is fees versus commission?
Peter Hearn:  Its about 30% fees.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay. So not too different from the primary side?
Peter Hearn:  No.
Joe Plumeri:  And basically mirrors of across the board.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay, if your expectation that there is more growth opportunity in terms of market share gains from larger competitors or smaller, and this is again on the reinsurance side?
Peter Hearn:  I think its both Meyer, I think we feel comfortable, we can compete against anybody, any place or any time. So it depends on the situation. So either large or small.
Meyer Shields  Stifel Nicolaus:  Okay, great. That covers me, thanks so much.
Operator:  Our next question comes from David West of Davenport & Company.
David West  Davenport & Company:  Good morning.
Joe Plumeri:  Hi, David.
David West  Davenport & Company:  First question on the benefits side you mentioned the obvious that many employers have lower head counts, could you talk about the pricing trends overall on benefits?
Don Bailey:  I mean youre going to see in that business inflation factors that play out in the rates. So those have certainly moderated from what weve seen in the past, youll see a lower impact on that in our business that you might have seen historically.
David West  Davenport & Company:  Very good, and then lastly Stephen nicely outlined your debt maturities and so forth this year. Could you maybe update us on your thoughts on 2010 as to where you may get on the EBITDA-to-debt targets and what implication that might have for share repurchase activity?
Joe Plumeri:  Stephen and Ill put a period at the end. 
Stephen Wood:  Debt-to-EBITDA at the moment is in the region about 2.5, thats EBITDA and we expect to go continue to bring that down as the year goes on during this year and to get below 2.5 towards end of this year.
Joe Plumeri:  And when that happens as I said on a couple of previous calls, well take a serious look at buybacks.
David West  Davenport & Company:  Very good, thanks so much.
Joe Plumeri:  Thank you. Have a nice day.
Operator:  And our final question comes from Keith Alexander of JPMC.
Keith Alexander  JPMC:  Hi, thanks for the follow-up. I just had a question, have you guys observed any impact from the recent large losses in Chile and elsewhere on terms and conditions in those lines in geographies?
Joe Plumeri:  We were talking about that earlier before the call and the expert on the subject is Peter Hearns so Im going to let him answer the question.
Peter Hearn:  Keith not yet, it takes a while for these to percolate through the system. As you may have read in our year report that there were $16 billion of loss in the first quarter of 2010 and it really hasnt moved the dial on rates at all obviously the rig loss in the Gulf is a very large and potentially could be the largest maritime loss ever, and that could take time for these things to percolate through the system. Usually at a minimum three to six months and more likely nine months.
Keith Alexander  JPMC:  Okay, and then, thanks that was helpful, I was also wondering if there is any update or if you could provide an update on the progression of the Stanford Financial lawsuit?
Joe Plumeri:  Yes, Stanford Financial law suit, Ill let Adam Ciongoli give you an update on that, our General Counsel.
Adam Ciongoli:  We filed a motion to dismiss and there are four cases overall, three in Federal court, one was originally filed in State court has now been removed to Federal court, although for the same Federal district judge. We filed a motion to dismiss and two of the Federal claims and are expecting an answer from the plaintiffs any day now the third Federal case, there has been no movement, were waiting for scheduling order and the State case as I said has been transferred to Federal court and were waiting to see whether the judge decides to move it back to State court.
Keith Alexander  JPMC:  Great. Thank you guys.
Joe Plumeri:  Okay Keith. Any other questions.
Operator:  There are no further questions at this time. I will turn back over to Joe Plumeri.
Joe Plumeri:  Okay, thats me. Have a nice day everybody and thank you very much.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-08-13 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Malone - Director of Investor Relations John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Roger F. Millay - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President 
Analysts: Andrew Fones - UBS Tobey Sommer - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q4 2009 Watson Wyatt Worldwide Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference at which time you may participate. (Operator's Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mary Malone, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Mary Malone: Good morning. This is Mary Malone, Director of Investor Relations at Watson Wyatt Worldwide. Welcome to our conference call to discuss our results for the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2009. I am here today with John Haley, Watson Wyatt's President and Chief Executive Officer, and Roger Millay our Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to our website for this morning's press release. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone for the next week by dialing 617-801-6888, confirmation number 39038885. The reply will also be available for the next three months on our website. There are a few slides that accompany the financial section of our presentation and you may log onto our website to obtain those slides. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements among others regarding expected financial and operating performance. Any statements made during this call that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. You are cautioned that these statements may be affected by the important factors set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in today's news release, and that consequently actual operations and results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as provided by federal securities laws.  After our prepared remarks we will open the call to your questions. Now I will turn the call over to John Haley.
John J. Haley: Thanks, Mary. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today we will discuss Watson Wyatt's financial results for fiscal year 2009 with a focus on the fourth quarter, and we will provide guidance for Watson Wyatt for fiscal year 2010. We will also give an update on the status of our planned merger with Towers Perrin. The slowdown in the global economy continued to affect us, but we've executed well in the current conditions. Our revenues for the fiscal year were $1.68 billion, down 5% from prior year, but up 3% on a constant currency basis. For the year, our reported diluted earnings per share were $3.42. Our diluted earnings per share include $0.12 of severance and $0.35 of foreign currency translation losses. On a constant currency basis, adjusted EPS that excludes severance is $3.89. For the quarter, our reported revenues were $397 million, a decline of 13% from prior year and 4% on a constant currency basis. Our performance varied by segment. On a constant currency basis, Benefits was flat, Technology and Administration Solutions increased 2%, Human Capital Group declined 27%, Insurance and Financial Services declined 6%, and Investment Consulting increased 14%. These results reflect the stability of the Benefits and Technology and Administration Solutions segments, and the variability of our more project-driven segments, Human Capital Group and Insurance and Financial Services. The recovery continues in Investment Consulting as it is experiencing good growth. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $0.73, a $0.22 decline from the prior period's $0.95 per share. The strengthening of the US dollar resulted in a $0.10 reduction to our EPS and severance reduced EPS by $0.07. Therefore, if we exclude the effects of changes in forward exchange rates and severance, our EPS is $0.90.  Our operating margin increased to 12.8% this quarter as we were very focused on containing costs. Business is performing as expected in areas where we have a well-established market position, mature relationships, and recurring business. As anticipated, demand was down in the parts of our business that are more project driven. The uncertain economic conditions are affecting benefit programs and workforce demographics at many companies. We continue to assist our clients with practical solutions for reducing costs and managing risks. Now we'll review the performance of our segments. For the year, Benefits Group revenues were $960 million, a decrease of 3% from prior year, but up 4% on a constant currency basis. For the quarter, Benefit Group revenues were $234 million a decrease of 8% from prior year and flat on a constant currency basis. The trends from last quarter continued and we had modest growth in our retirement services in the US and the UK. The growth was offset by modest declines in demand for our retirement services in continental Europe and Asia Pacific, and for healthcare consulting.  While it is difficult to predict future results in these uncertain times, we expect that our core retirement services will continue to do well in the US and the UK. We have modest expectations for healthcare consulting in countries where we have a smaller footprint. In the US, employers are interested in ways to improve the operation of the retirement programs and better manage risk.  The retirement plan decisions employers make over the next few years will be critical to the viability of the country's voluntary retirement system and will have an economic impact on employers, regardless of who bears the direct financial risk in the benefit design. We will continue to provide practical and innovative solutions to our clients.  In Europe, European Pensions Magazine recently named Watson Wyatt their consultancy of the year for the second year in a row. The judges base their decision on our standing service to pension fund clients, dedication to the delivery of pension plan consulting, superior understanding of the market's needs, and commitment to excellence. This is a tribute to our very talented team. We continue to have a solid base of revenues that is relatively predictable within our retirement practice. Now let's move onto the Technology and Administration Solutions Group. For the year, revenues were $188 million, a 3% increase over prior year and 11% on a constant currency basis. For the quarter, revenues were $45 million, down 7% from prior year, but up 2% on a constant currency basis. On a pre-deferral basis, constant currency revenue growth was 1%. In this segment, our constant currency growth in the UK was offset in part by a modest decline in the US. In the UK, our growth was due primarily to new clients that had gone live within the past 12 months. The decline in the US was due to less change order work at existing clients than is immediately recognizable as revenues, and to an increase in the amount of revenue deferred. Last year we mentioned that proposal activity had increased. We are pleased to report that we have had some good wins in both the UK and the US. The wins in the UK will contribute to revenue growth in FY10 and the wins in the US will initially result in deferred revenues as we complete the system implementation work. Roger will discuss FY10 guidance in more detail. We continue to have excellent client retention rates and a stable platform of revenues globally in this segment. The administration services that we provide are a compelling proposition for companies looking to control costs, and we expect to gain market share. Next let me turn to the Human Capital Group. For the year, revenues were $173 million, a 12% decrease from prior year and an 8% decrease on a constant currency basis. For the quarter, revenues were $35 million, down 31% from prior year and down 27% on a constant currency basis. The trends for March continued into the fourth quarter. Demand was soft in all regions. Compensation, organizational effectiveness, and data services all declined when compared to prior year fourth quarter. Our colleagues in the Human Capital Group are now beginning to see an increase in proposal activity and we're hopeful that we're seeing the bottoming of the cycle in this practice. As the business landscape continues to change, many companies will be operating with a smaller workforce. We are well positioned to assist companies with flexible targeted plans designed to attract and retain critical talent in this new reality. Now I'll discuss the Insurance and Financial Services Group. For the year, revenues were $117 million, a decrease of 1% over prior year, but up 13% on a constant currency basis. For the quarter revenues were $23 million, down 21% from prior year and down 6% on a constant currency basis. This was a particularly soft quarter in Europe. We had less project activity this quarter than in the past two quarters. We have also seen some falloff in demand as companies defer work or take projects in-house. It is difficult to predict the timing and magnitude of projects, but there's still activity in the sector. We think there may be some transaction work as companies continue to evaluate capital adequacy. Lastly, Investment Consulting reported revenues of $161 million for the year, a decrease of 5% from prior year, but an increase of 10% on a constant currency basis. For the quarter, revenues were $42 million, a decrease of 3% from prior year, but an increase of 14% on a constant currency basis.  We are pleased with our growth in this segment. We've seen an increase in our implemented consulting activities, due in part to several expanded client relationships. We're also seeing an increase in strategy products. Many funds are evaluating their investment strategy and risk tolerance; they are concluding that continued diversification of portfolios is the right way to control risks going forward. We continue to be optimistic about the longer-term growth prospects for this segment. Wrapping up, I'd like to thank your associates for their continued commitment to quality client service. We've executed well in these uncertain economic times and we continue to focus on sound business fundamentals and disciplined cost control. We will continue to stay close to clients to help them respond effectively to these uncertain times.   Now I'll turn the call over to Roger.
Roger F. Millay: Thanks, John, and good morning to everyone. We continued to operate effectively in the last part of the year. In addition to the Towers-Watson announcement, we spent a good deal of time in the quarter assessing our business momentum relative to the cost-control actions we've taken and validating our view of the new fiscal year. While we did suffer a constant currency revenue decline this quarter, it fell into the rage of our expectations and we're pleased that our earnings came in slightly better than our expectation, despite a higher than forecasted income-tax rate. For the quarter, our operating income margin was 12.8%, an increase from 11.3% in the prior year quarter. Excluding severance costs, our operating margin was 14.0% for the fourth quarter.  As John noted, the performance of our segments vary and we've had profitability pressure in our more project-driven areas. We've had some layoffs in our under-performing areas, and we'll continue to monitor our costs. Some of our segments will perform better than others and we may have some variability in our quarterly results, but we're focused on preserving our margins. The Benefits Group had a 30% margin for the year, an increase from 29% last year. For the quarter, the Benefits Group had a 30% margin, consistent with the fourth quarter of last year. These margins are consistent with our expectations for benefits. Technology and Administration Solutions had a 24% margin for the year, a decline from 26% last year. For the quarter, Technology and Administration Solutions had a 19% margin, a decline from 26% in the fourth quarter of last year. Excluding severance, the margin was 20%. Margin declined significantly in North America due mainly to a decline in change order work. Human Capital Group had a 7% margin for the year, a significant decline from 18% last year. This year includes approximately $3.3 million of severance. For the quarter, the Human Capital Group had a loss of $5 million. The loss includes $2.4 million of severance. We are closely monitoring our loss generating offices and are downsizing under-performing locations.  As we said last quarter, we're focused on reshaping the practice to make it more profitable for the longer term. Insurance and Financial Services had a 15% margin for the year, a significant increase from last year. All regions performed better this fiscal year. For the quarter, Insurance and Financial Services lost $2 million. This loss includes about $500,000 of severance. The loss this quarter is due to a decrease in project work.    Investment Consulting had a 28% margin for the year, a decrease from 35% last year. For the quarter, Investment Consulting had a 33% margin, a decrease from 35$ in the fourth quarter of last year. We think the long-term sustainable margin for this segment is around 30%.  The segment margins that we've just reviewed are before consolidation of discretionary compensation and other unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles resulting from our acquisitions. Net income for the year was $146 million, down from $155 million last year. Net income for the quarter was $31 million, a decrease from $42 million last year.  Fully diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.73 as compared to $0.95 in the prior year fourth quarter. Diluted earnings per share for the quarter include $0.10 of foreign currency translation losses and $0.07 of severance. Moving to the balance sheet, we ended the fiscal year with $210 million of cash and no debt. We generated $228 million in cash flows from operating activities this fiscal year and had a strong fourth quarter, generating $144 million of cash from operations. Our liquidity position is also very strong.  Now let's review our guidance for fiscal 2010. I should note that all of this guidance contemplates Watson Wyatt as an independent company without the merger with Towers Perrin for the full fiscal year 2010. The slides posted on our website may be helpful for following along in this section. On slide three we've created a baseline fiscal 2009 that excludes severance from our quarterly reported results. Internally this is how we're evaluating our performance. Our fiscal 2010 reported results will include some severance, as we did not complete all of the actions identified in fiscal 2009. Our fiscal 2010 results will also be impacted by merger costs and by changes in foreign currency exchange rates.  Our forecast for 2010 generally assumes that market conditions remain as is for the next several quarters. On a constant currency basis we're targeting both revenues and adjusted diluted earnings per share to be roughly flat with fiscal 2009 levels. Our constant currency revenues are expected to be in the range of $1.61-$1.68 billion. Our constant currency adjusted diluted earnings per share are expected to be in the range of $3.45-$3.55. Adjusted diluted earnings per share excludes severance and other nonrecurring merger costs.  For fiscal 2010, our forward-looking guidance assumes an average exchange rate of 1.65 US dollars to the British pound and an average exchange rate of 1.40 US dollars to the euro. These foreign currency exchange rate assumptions result in foreign currency translation losses in the first quarter of fiscal 2010 and translation gains for the remainder of the fiscal year. On a GAAP basis, we expect revenues in fiscal 2010 to be in the range of $1.63-$1.70 billion. We expected adjusted diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.50-$3.60. This guidance excludes $4 million of severance that we expect to incur in fiscal 2010, more than half of which will be in the first quarter. It also excludes merger costs. We expect $8-$10 million of merger costs will be expensed in the first quarter of fiscal 2010 due to the adoption of the new accounting standard for business combinations that requires acquisition costs to be expensed. We will have additional merger costs in the second quarter of fiscal 2020. This guidance assumes an income tax rate of 34% for adjusted EPS in fiscal 2010. The actual rate may be higher due to the non-deductibility of certain merger costs. We also assume no significant changes in diluted shares outstanding during the year. Our capital expenditures plan for fiscal 2010 was put together before we announced the pending merger and included approximately $50 million in CapEx for the year, split roughly 50-50 between purchases and capitalized software costs. We expect to have strong cash flows in fiscal 2010. Due to the timing of cash receipts and payments, we typically borrow from our credit facility in the first quarter and then repay the debt during the fiscal year. In fiscal 2010 we may borrow up to $10 million or so in the first quarter, and we would expect to have that repaid by the end of the second quarter. Now I'll walk through the guidance for each of the segments. Please note that the slides on our website show both reported and constant currency revenue guidance. Since constant currency is the better measure of underlying business performance, I'll focus my remarks on the constant currency guidance.  Let's start with Benefits. For fiscal 2010 we've changed the reporting of the administration business in Germany, which has been in the Benefits practice since the Heissmann acquisition. To the Technology and Administration Solutions practice, we believe this change will benefit operating effectiveness and growth. As a result, in our segment reporting we're reclassifying our Germany administration business from Benefits to Technology and Administration Solutions. On slide four you can see the fiscal 2009 Benefits and Technology and Administration Solutions results, after the reclassification. On a constant currency basis and after the reclass, we expect flat to very modest revenue growth in the Benefits practice and have a range of 0%-2% growth. This guidance reflects the relatively stable and predictable revenues in this segment, and the slower growth that comes further along in an economic downturn. We expect margin will be in the high 20% range. In the Technology and Administration Solutions Group, after the reclassification of the Germany administration business, we expect constant currency growth in the range of 1%-3%. This growth reflects the new clients in Europe for which we started administration work during fiscal 2009 and for which we will have a full year of revenues in fiscal 2010. We expect margin will be in the mid-20% range. In the Human Capital Group we're expecting challenging conditions to continue. Our constant currency revenue projection is for a 16%-26% decline in revenue. The wide range reflects the project nature of the segment. We expect to move the business back to breakeven during the fiscal year, but may start out with a loss. In Insurance and Financial Services we expect a decline of 5%-11% in constant currency revenues. This segment also has a significant project component. In fiscal 2009 we had a few large projects that we do not expect to recur. We're expecting margin in the low double digits. Lastly, we're expecting constant currency revenue growth in Investment Consulting of 7%-10% in fiscal 2010. Client activity has begun to return to more normal levels as market conditions have improved. We expect margin will be in the high-20% range. In summary, for fiscal 2010 we're projecting roughly flat constant currency revenues and adjusted diluted earnings per share. We also expect to preserve our baseline operating margin before consideration of severance and merger costs. Now I'll provide a brief overview of our first fiscal quarter of 2010. We expect revenues to be in the range of $385-$400 million, which on a constant currency basis would be in the range of $405-$420 million, essentially flat to down 3%. In the first quarter of fiscal 2009 our operating margin, excluding severance, was 12%. We expect to have a similar operating margin, excluding severance and merger costs, in the first quarter of 2010. We expect adjusted diluted earnings per share to be within the range of $0.68-$0.73. Adjusted diluted earnings per share excludes severance and transaction costs. This guidance was for Watson Wyatt's current business and does not include the effects of a merger with Towers Perrin. We announced our intent to merge with Towers Perrin in June, and anticipate the transaction will close during our fiscal 2010. As we approach the closing date, financial information and expectations regarding the combined Towers Watson will gradually become more available, beginning with the initial S4 filing later this month. We're committed to running disciplined businesses before and after the pending merger. Now John will give you an update on the status of the merger.
John J. Haley: Thanks, Roger. Since we announced the merger, Mark Mactas and I have been holding employee meeting with associates at both Watson Wyatt and Towers Perrin. We're gratified by the reception we're getting and are delighted that associates at organizations are embracing the future prospects of the new organization. I'm also pleased to report that we are working through all of the pre-closing requirements and we're planning for integration. Last week we received clearance from the US antitrust authorities. The European Union antitrust authorities are still reviewing the transaction. By the end of this month we expect to file the S4. As of now, we're still on track for a shareholder vote in the fourth quarter of calendar year 2009. We're really excited about the merger and the opportunity for Towers Watson to address merging financial and people management issues with world-class expertise. Now we'll take your questions.
Operator: (Operator's Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Andrew Fones with UBS. Please proceed with your question.  
Andrew Fones - UBS:  Yes. Thanks, John. I was wondering if you could just kind of give us a sense of how Towers Perrin's results looked for the third quarter and whether you're kind of satisfied with the performance of their business in this touch economy, post the initial announcement? Thanks.
Roger F. Millay: I think in general the themes are pretty similar to what we said, I don't know, five weeks or so ago, that there were a lot of parallels in between our practices and Towers' business, and that general trends are pretty similar, so I think we're still in that same pattern.
John J. Haley: I mean, I guess just to elaborate on that, I mean, obviously we haven't disclosed any of the real detailed financial information on Towers Perrin or for our projection for Towers Watson and that won't come until after the S4. But Towers Perrin is in similar businesses to us, although the mix of business that they have is different, but they're affected by the same overall economic factors. So the results on them may be slightly different simply due to mix, but it's probably not due to overall economic factors acting differently on either one of us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tobey Sommer with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Tobey Sommer - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Thank you. I was wondering if I could get a little more color about some assumptions embedded into your guidance. I am curious what  and I may have missed this, I apologize as you did give an awful lot of detail. I am curious as to what the cash flow may be implied in the earnings range, and then also what sort of assumption you're using for the bonus number in fiscal 2010. Thanks.
John J. Haley: Yeah. In terms of cash flow we didn't give specific cash flow numbers for the year. I think our discussion was a little more general. The main reason for that is that the full year, from an overall merger cost point of view, is obviously unpredictable at this point, but we continue to expect, as I said, a strong cash flow year, but we didn't give a specific number.
Tobey Sommer - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: So ex the acquisition related variability, something consistent with historic norms?
John J. Haley: Yeah. I would say something in that same range.
Tobey Sommer - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And then is there anything you can share with us about the implied expectation for the bonus in the context of guidance?
Roger F. Millay: I'm sorry, I missed that question.
John J. Haley: He's asked if there was anything we could share about the bonus in the expectation of 
Roger F. Millay: Yeah. I mean, I would say just in general  I don't know, John, if you want to address that as well, but in general, the way we modeled the year, the focus, as we said in the remarks, was to hold operating margin and EPS roughly flat. So through the year the bonus level will be impacted by what the results of the company are, the bonus level may be a little bit lower depending on performance, but our focus will be on retaining margins. And then of course the other complication we're going to have through the year is that we're likely to have about a six-month stub year and we'll be attentive to that as well. So that's why we're focused on the margin and the EPS level.
Tobey Sommer - SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ginocchio with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank:  Thanks. Just go back to Towers in the fourth quarter, can you give us any more specificity on the revenue? I think you were down 4% on a constant currency basis in the fourth quarter and you're looking for sort of zero to minus 4 in the next year. Can you give us just a little bit more clarity on what Towers Perrin was looking like? Was it worse or better than you in the fourth quarter and is their revenue range about similar? And the same thing on the margin  I think this is something that investors are quite focused on. Thanks.
Roger F. Millay: Yeah. We don't have any specific numbers for Towers that are comparable to ours at this point, so again, as I said, I think the first preview on actual numbers with Towers will be in the S4 later this month.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Okay. So how do you know what the expected dilution that you talked about in the last call is going to be if you don't have those numbers?
Roger F. Millay: Well, I mean, certainly we had numbers when we came up with the accretion dilution numbers and we used projections to do that, and that's what we discussed. That's the basis for the discussion in June, and as we said at that time, the next step in the disclosure of the numbers that we expect for the combined company and the next step in specifics on Towers Perrin numbers will be in the S4. I think we're at the same place in what we said before.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citigroup. Please proceed with your question.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup:  Hi, John. Hi, Roger. Coming out of the last downturn, the whole Benefits unit took a couple of years to start doing well and eventually sort of needed the Pension Act to breakout, if you will. What do you expect this time around, given that in August the composition of the unit is different both geographically and in terms of just having the healthcare being a bigger component of it?
John J. Haley: Yeah. I guess I'm not necessarily sure that it was the Pension Act that I would have necessarily said was the difference there in the last time in changing it. But I do think that after the slowdown  what we tend to notice is when there's an economic slowdown, Benefits, particularly retirement consulting, isn't really hit that much. In fact, some of the work that they might lose in project work gets substituted for with other work, and I think we saw that this last year when our Benefits was up 4% on a constant currency basis.  What tends to happen to Benefits is it's a little bit slower sort of in the calm after the storm, and that's why we're projecting a 2% constant growth for Benefits for FY10. So we're looking at what happened in the past and saying we expect the scene to be a little bit slower. It's tough to speculate as to how long that 2% would be correct for, but it would be a little bit slower and then it'll start growing at the more normal rates. Overall though, Benefits is really a pretty stable business. It might grow at four or five or might only grow at one or two, but it doesn't tend to be subject to the same big swing. Now the 2% growth rate that we gave you for next year is composed of a number of factors. One is, we think the overall retirement business will continue to do pretty well in the US and the UK, which are our bigger markets, and maybe not quite as well in some of the smaller markets. That's certainly what we've seen this year and it's what we would expect for next year.  We have reasonably modest expectations, I think, for healthcare. I feel pretty good about the assumptions we've made for healthcare. I think if anything there's some upside there rather than some downside.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Speaking of the smaller countries where you don't expect results to be that good, at the time or slightly before the Towers' announcement, you guys were going through sort of a rationalization process, if you will, to try to see if you should stay in all these countries or withdraw or what you should do. Is that process now on hold or are you still continuing along that path independently?
John J. Haley: Well, I think, Ashwin, we're always looking at the overall geographic location and where we should be and where we can most add value, and we approach that both from the viewpoint of are there places we need to get bigger and we need to make sure we have very strong operations in? It was one of the reasons for the Bronze deal back in 2007 as well as the Heissmann deal. We also looked at  you may remember several years ago we decided to exit the business in New Zealand because we didn't think it fit our overall geographic footprint.  So we continue to look at those things and to assess them, but when we make those decisions, we try to do it in the context of what the long-term strategy is and not of what's happening in a particular year.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Right. If I can squeeze one more in on the expense side, as I look at the margin performance this quarter, obviously a good performance there, but the contributors to that good performance seem to be some combination of low variable comp and sharp decline in the use of subcontractors, neither of which in the long term seems particularly sustainable. So can you comment on that, what is going on, first of all, and have you changed your stance with regards to your prior statement that maybe fiscal 2008 margins were at an unsustainable level and maybe fiscal 2007 was a better level?
John J. Haley: Yeah. Well, I'll let Roger talk about the contractors. Let me mention about the variable comp. Our variable comp does go up or down as the business performs better or worse. For the overall fiscal 2009, we had quite a good variable comp bonus pool, which we just announced to our associates this year. As we look into FY10 we expect the results to be a little more challenging in FY10, and if we did, our variable comp bonus pool wouldn't be quite as good as it was this year and so we've taken that into account in the projections we've given you. Roger, do you want to address the subcontractors?
Roger F. Millay: Yeah. And maybe I'll comment more broadly on the margin question. First, you also have to consider that there's the $0.07 of severance in there, so I think you have got the bonus effect, but a good portion of that is offset by severance, and margin still would have been up this last year on that net basis. But second, broadly, we're focused on cost control in all discretionary areas, and we're confident in our ability to manage and visibility into the expense load to manage ourselves to flat margins, and we've been very focused on that over the past several months. I think in general, about contractors, I mean, there are a couple things in there I know of specifically. One is, some of that's related to project consultancy support that we've gotten that was one of the actions that we took as we pulled back on cost. The other area contributing to that is just related to client expense pass throughs that are also down along with other areas this quarter.  But again, I want to emphasize the broader theme, that we are managing our expenses and you'll see reductions across the board, and we are seeing reductions across the board.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird:  Good morning. I was wondering if you could talk a little bit, and I know we have the S4 coming out later on this month, but is there anything in terms of your discussions that you've seen thus far with Towers that would lead you to believe that the dilution expense or the dilutive aspects of the merger may be different than what you previously announced? Or is there anything that you've seen thus far that would lead you to change anything that you've said back in June?
John J. Haley: Well, I think we don't have any new financial information, as Roger said, from what we had in June to today. I mean we've been focused on getting our own financial results together to be able to do this call. Towers is working on theirs now, but we haven't see anything so we really don't have anything new to tell you on that.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. But so far you haven't seen anything that seems materially different than what you were thinking previously? 
John J. Haley: No. And I think the reason I would say this is because we haven't really seen anything different. We just don't have any new financial information at all.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then can you talk a little bit about the reception? I know you've gone out and you've done meetings together; what's the overall tone in terms of how people are going to get together, the herbivores and the carnivores, et cetera?
John J. Haley: (Laughs) I think it's been terrific. Mark and I went out over a period of  we did the announcement the first week. I guess that was June 29th, and then it was up to the beginning of July and it was the week after that we started out and we did three different  for three weeks we went out and visited a number of our locations. And the first week or so I think people were still somewhat surprised and a little bit in shock at the announcement, but everybody got the strategic rationale, and as people started having a chance to think about it and process it, there's a great deal of enthusiasm and excitement about the possibilities. And I think Mark and I started out with our own enthusiasm and excitement about it, but we sort of got energized by the reception we were getting from our associates, too, and I think it's everything we could have asked for.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Great. And it sounds like the leadership teams for the various practices will be announced fairly shortly?
John J. Haley: Well, we've announced, for the most part, all the direct reports of Mark and myself. We have a group working diligently on a plan for how we're going to do leadership selection and we would like to make those decisions as soon as possible, but we also want to make sure we take the time to make the right decisions, and we're constantly working on that right now. So I can't really give you a timetable for that, but our preference is to do it sooner, but also to make sure we get things right.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And can you talk a little bit about PCIC and how you expect that to be impacted by the deal?
Roger F. Millay: Well, John may have some more depth, but from an accounting point of view, again, PCIC will be consolidated in the acquisition and as a result of that consolidation we need to look at the reserving for E&O across the board for the new company and come up with the methodology for the new company. And part of the S4 discussion will be around what we think that will look like. So we're working on that now and shortly you'll have more color on that.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Can you just mention  we're basically going from four to three now, right, in terms of partners? Or is it three to two?
John J. Haley: It is three to two.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: So when we do that, is the other player still committed?
Roger F. Millay: So I think in terms of the structure going forward, that's something that the teams are still working on, the actual business structure.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay, all right. And can you  the last question for now, can you just talk a little bit about the cash flows for this coming quarter? What do you expect to pay out in terms of the severance charges as well as the bonuses that you've accrued for fiscal '09?
Roger F. Millay: Yeah. The severance charge is probably about $2.5 million or so  it's a good portion of the $4 million that I mentioned for the year, and the bonus payout is going to be between $165-$170 million.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. I'm going to jump off and jump back on. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum with Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed with your question.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus:  Hi, guys. Thank you very much for taking my questions. I wanted to follow along the line of questioning that Ashwin was asking on the discretionary bonus compensation. If I just go through the individual business units in the quarter, it seems like you guys really flexed the discretionary bonus comp, and that's one of the strengths in the model where you're able to really move that comp up and down. Could you give us the absolute number of bonus comp in the quarter?
John J. Haley: I think you have that in the press release, and it's $23 million.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. If it was, I didn't see it. I'm sorry. And then just along that line of reasoning, given what's going on with the merger  and I know there's competitor interest in seeing that there's going to be some dislocation amongst the employees because of this merger  do you still see the ability to flex the bonus compensation over the next year in the same way that you've been able to in the past, or do you really think that you're going to have to be more mindful of retention?
John J. Haley: Well actually, we have essentially a pay-for-performance model where our associates can expect to do a lot better when we do well and they expect to do less well when the business does less well, and we've followed that in the past. That's been something we followed consistently up and down. I think when we look at the bonuses we're paying out for FY 2009, I would say they are very competitive in the marketplace, and given the performance that we expect to see over the next year or so, we expect again to be very competitive in the marketplace. The theory of this is we need to make sure we have a fair return to our investors, but we also need to make sure we reward our people, because if we don't reward our people right then we don't have a business.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: I agree. I want to take a different track just in terms of the Human Capital Group, I want to understand your comments a little bit better. Are you saying that you're noticing a little bit of an uptake in demand towards the end of the quarter? Is that right way to look at it?
John J. Haley: Yes. We are seeing some interest in potential projects. Now, I wouldn't want to read too much into that, but it is a bit of a  what do they call those, green shoots or something? I think it's a bit of a hopeful sign.  As Roger and I have said over the last couple of quarters, our commitment is to try, in calendar 2010, to get the Human Capital business to at least break even, and we're going to do that and that's our focus. Whether that occurs in this next quarter or whether it's delayed until the quarter after that we'll have to see, but we're committed on getting it to break even.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Which areas of Human Capital were you seeing the sign of the light?
John J. Haley: Well, compensation is the biggest part of our Human Capital business. It's about two-thirds of it, so that's where we'd obviously see the most interest.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then just going back to the PCIC question, is the PCIC affiliate project the affiliate income that we're seeing below the line?
Roger F. Millay: Yeah. That's most of it.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. So how should we think about that going forward? Normally we've been sort of led to believe to expect just nothing in that line because there's so much variability, but there's got to be some profitability there. Do you have any thoughts about that going forward?
Roger F. Millay: Yeah. I think my reaction to that is I'd hesitate at this point to give expectations because again, we've got to decide on what the structure going forward  and I presume you're referring to after the deal, right, and what happened?
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah, when you consolidated.
Roger F. Millay: Right. We have to decide what the structure is going to be because obviously that's going to have an impact on what the results are and the conclusion on the E&O reserving policy; again, from an E&O point of view, you've really got to look through now what's happening in the two companies and come up with what it's going to look like on a consolidated basis, and that's one of the things we're looking at in the S4. So again, you'll see more when we file.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: And then I'm going to squeeze in one last one. Just before the merger, are you guys in your EPS guidance anticipating profitability there?
John J. Haley: I'm sorry, profitability where?
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus:  From that affiliate income.
Roger F. Millay: I think modest profitability  $1-$2 million. There are some other things in there like our venture in Dubai and South Africa, but again, the big piece of this year was PCIC.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: So you think $1-$2 million a quarter?
Roger F. Millay: For the year.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Oh, for the year. Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Timothy McHugh with William Blair & Co. Please proceed with your question.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co.:  Yes. I wanted to ask about potential positives and negatives from regulatory changes that are being discussed. Obviously, the healthcare reform and the potential opportunities it could create for your healthcare in the (inaudible) segment. And then I understand there's a bill in the House that includes some restrictions on compensation consultants and the independents. Can you talk at all, if you've looked at that, if that would or would not have any impact on your business?
John J. Haley: Yeah. So I think on the healthcare we'll have to see what happens. Any changes, if there's healthcare legislation that continues to use the employer-based system in the country and that introduces some changes to that, that's probably positive for us because we consult with the employers on that and basically as things change, as legislation or regulation changes things, then they will turn to us for advice. I think how much that might change things or how much of a boost that could give is hard to say, and it probably depends on exactly what form the legislation takes. I think the only kind of legislation that would be really bad for us if either you went to a single-payer national health insurance, which would basically take away a lot of our consulting, but that's not something that we see coming down. Now on the exec comp legislation, there I guess both the House and the Senate have drafted similar legislation there. And it requires a nonbinding shareholder vote on executive comp and independent compensation committee members, independent compensation consultants, and some enhanced disclosure.  Basically, we think that it's probably a little early there too to say that will happen. We think that the market opportunity for compensation consultants in general will probably increase from the passage of the legislation. That is a question for us of how much share do we get. I think one of the things that  a sensible approach to sort of compensation consultant independence, I think overall would probably be helpful for us, and we'd like to see the legislation or the regulators address that.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co.: Okay. So in general, you wouldn't not be conflicted out of a lot of them from other consulting services?
John J. Haley: Well, I mean, I think that gets to a question of what you might think is a sensible approach or not. I think if somebody came in and were to say if you did any work for one company you couldn't work on their compensation consulting, obviously that would be bad for us. If they were to say that the issue is not so much whether you do any more work, but what size the relationship is overall, I think that would be something that would probably be helpful for us. I mean, I think if you're a small company that does only compensation consulting and you have 5% or 10% of your revenue comes from a single client, you've got an issue about maybe the objectivity with which you give advice to them, even if you don't do any non-compensation work. The fact that we may do 1/2% of our revenue for somebody on non-compensation work shouldn't seem to be an issue compared to the other.  So it's a question of whether I think they can get a sensible view of what objectivity and independence is.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co.: Okay. And then, Roger, can you give us the severance expense from the fourth quarter  was that primarily in human capital or did that flow across a couple of different segments? Can you give any detail on that?
Roger F. Millay: It was a mix, and I think it's HCG  I actually only have the annual numbers here, but there was a mix of benefits and HCG, I think, when you look at annually the biggest pieces in some like the communications practice and the kind of admin-type functions. So things that would be in the other line for us.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co.: Okay. And then somewhat up a little bit on that is the margin guidance for Insurance and Financial Services for next year is obviously nicely improved from what you just did in the quarter. What does that reflect? It doesn't sound like you're assuming any significant change in the demand environment for that.
Roger F. Millay: Yeah. I mean, we remarked a little bit in the initial remarks that that's more of a project related business, which makes it a little more unpredictable. That is a business that's very attentive to what does the pipeline look like and what are the costs related to that, and I think has been actually over the year because they had a tough '08 and then a big surge in business in '09, and they've been constantly kind of looking at do we have the right cost levels relative to what the pipeline looks like. So I think they're ready to do that in fiscal year '10, and we want them to be on that low double-digit margin level, which as you say is up versus fiscal '08, but we're going to be very attentive to that and what the project pipeline looks like.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Fones with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Fones - UBS:  Yes, thanks. Actually, Tim asked most of what I was going to ask, but I just wanted to followup on whether there was any merger related costs in the fourth quarter? Thanks.
John J. Haley: No. As I said, really, the merger-related costs in the first quarter are related to the change in accounting which through our fiscal year of '09 we were able to defer recognition of those costs, and moving now into the new fiscal year under the new accounting standard we have to expense them.
Roger F. Millay: They had been put on the balance sheet.
Andrew Fones - UBS: Okay, thanks. That's all I had.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Marcon with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird:  A couple of quick questions. One, can you talk a little bit about the Investing Consulting business? I mean, the areas where you saw the pickup, what specifically drove that and how do you think that that's going to proceed?
Roger F. Millay: Well, I mean, again, first, I have to say as a newcomer to the company this year, I have to say I've been really impressed with how the investment consulting guys have managed through this very difficult market, and so we were really pleased with the fourth quarter, and 14% constant currency growth  we were really pleased to see  if you follow back, I think, from the December quarter through the June quarter, there was a gradual kind of reopening up of our work, and now, as we said, it's spread pretty much across most of their business areas and we look forward to that continuing into fiscal '10, and it's great to have that kind of a business in these times that's close to a double-digit growth business projected for the year.
John J. Haley: And just to followup, the source of the growth was really in two areas. One is the implemented consulting activities, which is really where we take over a lot more of the investment operation for organizations and we've had a couple of expanded client relationships where we've done that. The other is an increase in strategy projects. A lot of funds  I mentioned this in my remarks, are evaluating their investment strategy and risk tolerance.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And it sounds like some of the tools that you were using previously on the implementation side that were frozen and you couldn't use  maybe some of those have opened up a little bit?
Roger F. Millay: Yeah. Even those  you're talking about the risk projects, and again, that's kind of to the theme of what I said earlier. Even those areas have become regenerated and we're starting to see growth there. I mean, we're again pretty much in everything that they've done, maybe not at the robust levels of two years ago and even a year ago, I suppose, but we're seeing thawing in all of the areas that were difficult earlier in the year.
John J. Haley: Yeah, but I don't think structured products was one of the ones that we saw as the growth areas. They really were from the implemented consulting and the strategy projects.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird:  Okay, and then can you talk  a question about Towers. Do they have any tapped partly or multi employer plans on the DB side?
John J. Haley: I think they have very, very few, if any.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Very few?
John J. Haley: Yeah.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator's Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar. Please proceed with your question. Ashwin, your line is open.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup:  Just a quick housekeeping question on the tax rate, should we expect the elevated level of tax rate that we saw in the fourth quarter to continue in the near term because of severance?
John J. Haley: No. The reason for the elevated tax rate this quarter was really kind of year-end true ups that mostly related to the geographic allocation of income and the tax rates in those areas. So the 34% rate that we've given guidance for the year is what we expect, again, excluding the impact of merger related costs that are not deductible. So we anticipate more steadiness in the tax rate versus the fourth quarter.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Right, thank you.
Operator: And there are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
John J. Haley: Okay. Thanks everyone very much for joining us, and we look forward to updating you after the next quarter.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference call. This concludes the presentation, you may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-05-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Malone - Investor Relations John J. Haley - President, Chief Executive Officer Roger F. Millay - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Josh Vogel - Sidoti & Co. Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Andrew Fones - UBS Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co.
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Quarter Three 2009 Watson Wyatt Worldwide Earnings Conference Call. My name Lis, and I'll be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode. We will be conducting a question-and-answer session at the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Ms. Mary Malone. Please proceed ma'am.
Mary Malone: Thank you. Good morning. This is Mary Malone, Director of Investor Relations at Watson Wyatt Worldwide. Welcome to our conference call to discuss our results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2009. I'm here today with John Haley, Watson Wyatt's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Roger Millay, our Chief Financial Officer. Please refer to our website for this morning's press release. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone for the next week by dialing 617-801-6888, confirmation number 13854491. The replay will also be available for the next three months via the company's website at www.watsonwyatt.com. There are a few slides to the company's financial section of our presentation and you may log on to our website to obtain those slides. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding expected financial and operating performance. Any statements made during this call that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. You are cautioned that these statements may be affected by the important factors set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in today's news release and that consequently actual operations and results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as provided by Federal Securities Laws. After our prepared remarks, we will open the lines for your questions. As the number of people asking questions has been increasing, we request that you initially limit yourself to one question. You may get back in the queue if you have additional questions. Now I'll turn the call over to John Haley.
John J. Haley: Thank you, Mary. Good Morning and thank you for joining us today. As you know, these are tough times and while we achieve constant currency revenue growth and solid profitability, the third quarter of fiscal '09 was more challenging than we forecasted. Our reported revenues for the quarter were $470 million, a decline of 9% over prior year reported revenues, but an increase of 3% on a constant currency basis. We achieved constant currency revenue growth in all of our segments except for the Human Capital Group and other, which is comprised of some smaller practice areas. The declines in the Human Capital Group and other category were significant and therefore our revenue is below our revenue is below our guidance and our own expectations. In benefits, technology and administration solutions and investment consulting, a revenue growth was consistent with our guidance. Insurance and financial services performed better than we had expected. On a constant currency basis, revenue growth during the quarter was as follows. 3%, in benefits, 13% in technology and administration solutions, 23% in insurance and financial services and 12% in investment consulting. On a constant currency basis, the Human Capital Group declined 18% and the other category declined 27%. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $0.95, or $0.01 decline from the prior period $0.96 per share. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar resulted in a 14% reduction to our EPS. On a constant currency basis, diluted earnings per share were $1.09 or 14% increase over the prior year. Our EPS this quarter includes $0.03 of severance. We have selectively reduced headcount in areas, where demand has declined significantly. We generally experienced good financial performance in areas, where we have a low established market position, mature relationships and annuity driven business. We didn't perform as well in the areas, where we have smaller base or expanding geographically or relying on more discretionary projects. Our clients are facing tough times in making difficult decisions. In that context, the initiatives that are compliance driven oriented reducing costs and risk have higher priorities. We continue to work with our clients to find practical solutions for these challenges. Now let's review the segments. For the quarter, Benefits Group revenues were $248 million, a decrease of 7% from prior year, but an increase of 3% on a constant currency basis. We continue to see good demand for our retirement services in the U.S. and the U.K. Those demand for our retirement services in Continental Europe and for healthcare consulting was lower than expected. In our third fiscal quarter, we tend to do a lot of the accounting and financial reporting compliance work. We have good growth in the U.S., but the rate of growth was lower than prior quarters. We have strong growth in the UK and in Latin America. In the UK, we have two additional work base due to the timing of the public holidays around Easter, which fell in our fourth fiscal quarter last year. Our revenues declined in Asia Pacific and Continental Europe. Our core retirement services grew at a greater rate in the overall segment. Healthcare consulting services declined. While it is difficult to predict future results in these uncertain times, we expect that our core retirement services will continue to do well in the U.S. and the UK. We have modest expectations for healthcare consulting and countries, where we have a smaller footprint. Plan sponsors around the world continue to seek advice on pension funding goals and plan design opportunities. We expect to continue to work with our clients on these issues. Now let's move on to the Technology and Administration Solutions Group. For the quarter, revenues were $44 million, down 1% from prior year, but up 13% on a constant currency basis. On a pre-deferral basis, constant currency revenue growth was 12%. Constant currency growth was highest in the UK as the big client wins that we announced in the third quarter of fiscal '08 have all gone live. We've been busy working on the new client installations as well as our commitments to existing clients. We've had less new client wins in fiscal '09 as we temporarily shifted focus to implementing our fiscal '08 wins. Similar to Europe, the U.S. growth was driven by bringing online additional projects, which has been sold in previous quarters. The growth rate in the U.S. has slowed as companies have deferred discretionary spending. Despite that, we continue to see opportunities as our value preposition of helping companies across a wide spectrum of administrative solutions remains well received. We continue to have excellent client retention rates and a stable platform of revenues globally in this segment. We also have some visibility into the next quarter's results. We expect a lower constant currency growth rate as new and new clients to go live and less discretionary project work commencing at this time. Although, we expect our growth to slow inline with the market generally, the administration services that we provide are of compelling preposition for companies looking to control costs and we expect to gain market share. Proposal activity has picked up and we're hopeful that the slowdown in growth will be temporary. Next, let me turn to the Human Capital Group. For the quarter, revenues were $37 million, down 25% from prior year and down 18% on a constant currency basis. The slowdown in work in this segment is much greater than we had forecasted. All regions and all service lines underperformed. The month of March was particularly poor. In compensation, revenues declined significantly in the U.S. and Asia Pacific. We saw modest increases in revenue in Canada, the UK, Europe and Latin America. We generally found the clients are interested in the thought leadership of our most senior associates, but the project work that typically utilized their less senior associates has substantially declined. Data services proved less resilient than we had expected. Revenues declined in all regions. Organization affected this as a small part of the Human Capital Group and its revenue declined as expected. As these projects are typically small, short-term and non-recurring, they are the most discretionary of our service offerings. Within the Human Capital Group, we are focusing on the areas, where we have the critical mass and brand to compete. We are taking the actions necessary to reshape the practice and make it more profitable for the longer-term. Now, I'll discuss the Insurance and Financial Services group. For the quarter, revenues were $31 million, up 2% from prior year and 23% on a constant currency basis. Our third fiscal quarter was a seasonally strong quarter for this practice, because this is when we do annual valuation work for many clients. All regions performed well this quarter and the team was busy doing a combination of financial management work and special project work. The merger and acquisition activity continued. We have several small projects this quarter in contrast to the one very large project that we had in the second fiscal quarter. Insurers and financial services companies continue to review their capital requirements and there has been some additional project activity as companies look to raise capital in these difficult times. We have also seen some fall off in demand as company's deferred workers take projects in house. In the near-term, we think the projects were created by the difficult times will more than offset any project cancellations, but the level activity is difficult to predict. And we expect a slowdown in the rate of constant currency growth. Lastly, investment consulting reported revenues of $39 million for the quarter, a decrease of 10% from the prior year, but an increase of 12% on the constant currency basis. We had good growth in the UK, Europe, and North America. We have seen an increase in our implemented consulting activities due impart to several expanded client relationships. We're also seeing an increase in strategy projects. We are still urging clients to exercise caution in changing managers. While long-term effects of this global crisis will take some time to manifest, we are thinking ahead about winning strategies that will add value in an increasingly unpredictable and competitive marketplace. Many funds are looking at their investments strategy and risk tolerance. We continue to be optimistic about the longer term growth prospects for the segment. Wrapping up in areas, where we have low established market positions, we generally performed well. In these difficult economic times, it is very challenging to establish new market position. We are committed to running sensible businesses within our segments and we will only make investments, where the future prospects were. We are also focused on reducing our cost structure and preserving our operating margins. We will continue to stay to close to our clients to help them respond effectively to the economic crisis. Now I'll turn the cal over to Roger.
Roger F. Millay: Thanks John, and good morning to everyone. As you've just heard, we generally performed well, but we really face significant challenges in the Human Capital Group and the other category, which is comprised of some smaller practice areas. For the quarter, we reported revenues of $417 million and diluted EPS of $0.95. On a constant currency basis, total revenues were $471 million, resulting in 3% growth of over prior year. And also on a constant currency basis, our diluted EPS was $1.09, an increase of 14% over prior year. For the quarter, our operating income margin was 12.4%, a decline from 14.1% in the prior year quarter. Excluding severance costs, our operating margin was 12.8% for the quarter. As John noted, several of our practices continued to perform quite well, but we do have profitability pressure in our more cyclical areas, particularly Human Capital. We've had lay-offs in our under performing areas and we will also reduce headcounts through natural attrition and retirements. We will continue to face challenges and some of our segments will perform better than others. The Benefits Group had a 33% margin for the quarter, consistent with prior year. The third fiscal quarter tends to be our seasonally strongest quarter with the highest margins. We're still expecting full year margins consistent with prior year at around 30%. Technology and Administration Solutions had a 20% margin for the quarter, a decline from 22% in prior year. We still expect margins for the year to be in the mid 20% range. Human Capital Group had a loss of $600,000 for the quarter, a significant decline from last year. The loss includes approximately $500,000 of severance. North America generated positive income, but all other regions operated at a loss. As John mentioned, the economic climate has resulted in a tighter, more competitive market. We are closely monitoring our loss generating offices and are downsizing underperforming locations. Our longer-term strategy is to focus on those markets, where there is enough demand to support an office and there is affordable talent. We expect to have additional severance costs in the fourth quarter and therefore, our margins in HCG for the year will probably be in the mid to high single-digits. While we expect to have another very tough quarter, we are committed to taking the actions necessary to have a more profitable and competitive Human Capital group for the longer-term. As John said, we are focused on markets where we have the critical mass and brand to compete. Insurance and financial services had a 29% margin for the quarter, a significant increase from last year. All regions generated more income this quarter with the most significant increases coming from Europe and North America. The margin improvement reflects the increase in revenues as well as the reduction of expenses from rationalizing our cost structure last fiscal year. We're increasing our forecast for this segment and expect margins will be in the high teens for the year. Investment Consulting had a 27% margin for the quarter, a decrease from 37% last year. Margins were down at all regions as compared to prior year. We think the long-term sustainable margin for this segment is in the low 30% range. Even though this is continued to be challenging economic times with volatile markets, we've seen an increase in demand and expect our margin will continue to increase. The segment margins that we've just reviewed are before consideration of discretionary compensation and other un-allocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles resulting from our acquisitions. Net income for the quarter was $41 million, a decline from $43 million in prior year. Fully diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.95 as compared to $0.96 from the prior year third quarter. On the constant currency basis, diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $1.09. Moving to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $118 million of cash and $40 million of debt. We expect to have the debt repaid by the end of the fiscal year. We generated $80 million in cash flows from operating activities this quarter, and we will continue to generate strong cash flows this fiscal year. Our liquidity position is also very strong. Now let's review our guidance for fiscal 2009. The slides posted in our website maybe helpful for following along in this section. The revenues and diluted earnings per share that we report will continue to be affected by changes in foreign exchange rates. We also expect demand to continue to decline in the Human Capital group and the other category. We are reducing our full year EPS guidance to a range of $3.35 to $3.40. This guidance includes up to $0.35 of foreign currency translation losses from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. We are bringing down our revenue guidance and we expect to report revenues in the range of $1.65 billion to $1.67 billion. We don't know how exchange rates will fluctuate over the remainder of our fiscal year. This guidance anticipates that over the next three months, the pound maintains a minimum average value of approximately $1.40 and the euro maintains a minimum average value of approximately a $1.30. This guidance assumes an income tax rate of 32% for the year and shares outstanding of approximately of $42.9 million for the year. Now, I'll walk through the revenue guidance for each of the segments. Please note that the slides on our website show both reported and constant currency revenue guidance. Since constant currency is the better measure of underlying business performance, I'll focus my remarks on the constant currency guidance. Let's start with benefits. Our benefits constant currency revenue guidance is 4 to 5% growth in fiscal 2009. We've narrowed the range as we are trending toward the lower end of our previous guidance. Our fiscal fourth quarter has less work days in fiscal '09 than in fiscal '08 due to the timing of the public holidays around Easter in UK and Europe. Normalizing benefits for the multi-employer business that we exited in fiscal 2008, revenue growth would be 5 to 6%. In the Technology and Administration Solutions group, we're tightening our range and expect constant currency revenue guidance of 11to 12% growth in fiscal 2009 as we are trending toward the high end of our previous range. In the Human Capital group, we're reducing our constant currency revenue guidance and now expect a 7 to 10% decline on a constant currency basis in fiscal 2009. In Insurance and Financial Services, we're narrowing the range and expect constant currency revenue growth of 13 to 15% for fiscal 2009. Lastly, we are increasing our constant currency Investment Consulting revenue growth slightly to 9 to 10% in fiscal 2009 reflecting the increase in client activity. These are tumultuous economic times for everyone, and it is difficult to predict how certain parts of our business will perform. We expect reported fourth quarter revenues will be in the range of 370 million to $390 million and reported diluted EPS will be in the range of $0.65 to $0.70. While this is a significant decline from last year, much of that drop is attributable to the strengthened dollar and the normalization of the tax rate, which was quite low in last year's quarter. And of course, this expectation is also impacted by the challenges faced in our Human Capital Group. We expect to record approximately $4 million of severance expenses during the fourth quarter. Also the fourth quarter diluted EPS may include up to $0.10 of foreign currency translation losses due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Fourth quarter revenue guidance by segment is presented on slide 4. In summary, many of our segments continue to perform well and those areas that are more cyclical, we are committed to running sensible businesses that provide value for the long-term.
John J. Haley: Thanks Roger. Now we'll take any questions that you may have.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Your first question comes from the line of Josh Vogel from Sidoti & Co. Please proceed.
Josh Vogel - Sidoti & Co.: Hey good morning, thank you. You guys obviously did a good job, getting margins back up and keeping them up in the Insurance and Financial Services Group, and I think you guided for... was it high teens for the year. But as we look out to next year now, do you think... does that includes the margin in Q1 as you look at to next year or should we expect it to be mid-to-high 20% range?
Roger Millay: I think, at this point, because we haven't given guidance on 2010, and we're just in our budget process. What we've said about the insurance practice is that this year of course, we've raised our margins above what we guided early on. Early on, we said high single-digits and we were trying to get to, I believe it was the mid to upper teens in that practice. And I would say at that point, kind of over the longer-term probably the goal was still the same, although again we don't have specific guidance of point for 2010.
Josh Vogel - Sidoti & Co.: Okay. If I could just sneak in one, you just said the 4 million in severance expenses are included in your guidance for Q4. Is that mostly going to hit up in the Human Cap Group?
Roger Millay: A good portion of that will be. There is... we are taking actions around the company geographically and by practice, but a good portion of that will be in Human Capital.
Josh Vogel - Sidoti & Co.: Okay, great. I'll hop back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citigroup. Please proceed.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Hi. I just wanted to ask about operating leverage in the business and obviously you showed some level of operating resilience in this quarter by doing some cutbacks and so on. But to what extent and what are the various other levers that you have there? If you were to have a, let's call it a flat to down revenue growth year in 2010, to what extent could you cut costs to keep margins?
John Haley: Well. I think Ashwin, salaries and benefits are our largest expense. And so headcount productions are the most significant way for us to contain our costs. There are some other cost management activities that we can and are pursuing. Some of the easiest ones related discretionary costs such as non-essential travel and certain internal meetings. We don't really expect to see much of our savings in FY '09, because the severance and the termination costs sort of eat up any savings you have. But at this point, we are estimating the full year run rate savings from our current cost reduction activities are around $20 million.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: And $20 million does not include anything incremental that you would do with regards to variable compensation and so on, what's...
John Haley: Right, that does include anything additional that we could do there.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Ginocchio from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Thanks, just looking at your benefits; in other words, a slight deceleration and probably splitting here. But I think couple of your competitors actually one shot, a slight uptick in growth. The other was kind of stable. Just wondering if there is anything benefit that sort of stood out why decelerate particularly with... I thought maybe some kind of benefit from the legislation change at the end of the recession. Thanks.
John Haley: Yeah, I think we... the U.K. retirement practice, both the U.S. and the UK we thought to perform reasonably well here. UK retirement practice probably had double-digit growth due to the additional workdays and not probably bit of the additional double digit growth. There is probably due to the additional work days and some additional work related to the economic client. The U.S. retirement had a mid single-digit growth rate and that was higher than the overall segment, the healthcare brought that down somewhat. But outside of the U.S. and the UK, the retirement practice also didn't perform as well as those two basic anchor positions that we have there. We thought this was reasonably good performance considering what was going on with the economy and it's consistent with what we see with most of our competitors.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Fones from UBS. Please proceed.
Andrew Fones - UBS: Yes, thanks. I wanted to ask about the guidance, just across the board, you're cutting kind of the revenue growth in terms of what you're expecting for the fourth quarter. You mentioned earlier in your comments that you are seeing regulatory work holdup. But more discretionary elements of your business have fallen off. And in terms of this guidance for the fourth quarter, is there... are you anticipating any kind of discretionary spending or have you taken a very kind of cautious look. I'm just surprised that the magnitude of their cuts in the revenue and the guidance for the fourth quarter?
John Haley: Just a couple of reactions there. One is, you look at the insurance practice as we've said in the past given the project nature of that practice that's more difficult to predict, and we tend to be cautious on predicting new incremental activity in that practice. I think in the technology segment, where we've talked the last couple of quarters about the potential for reduced discretionary spending, I think the results are coming in the way we had projected and the guidance does incorporate that trend to continue. I think that's a pretty solid trend that we've seen there. I think in other areas, what we've tried to do in the guidance is really reflect the trends that we see, and you can't say that there is no possibility for upside. But I think it's a pretty much consistent with trend as I said. I guess on the discretionary side, that's not project related. Again the guidance incorporates the trends we're seeing in HCG that's the practice that's most cyclical and most impacted by discretionary spending and the guidance just incorporates the trends that we are seeing, so...
Andrew Fones - UBS: And then just kind of finally, if we see kind of demand, kind of stabilize at the levels you are anticipating here in the fourth quarter next year. Do you believe that the cost cut... the severance that you've announced for the fourth quarter should be sufficient to maintain margins across your businesses at the levels you've historically said, these businesses should outperform.
John Haley: No, I think. What we're doing into as I mentioned in the call is that we're committed to maintaining our operating margins, and as Roger said, we're just going through right now with some of our projections for FY '10. But what we're focused on is a businesses to take the actions that we needed to keep our operating margins constant.
Roger Millay: Yeah, and the only thing I'd add to that is again going back to HCG, which is the biggest story for the quarter, because that is cyclical. So the upturn on the top line end of margins back to where they were a year ago and that practice is dependent on the economy to a great extent, and we're taking cost out.
Andrew Fones - UBS: Right.
Roger Millay: But certainly maintaining margins there is very difficult.
John Haley: Yeah, what I think is to the overall business we are committed to maintaining those, and we're not worried so much about a particular quarter or not, but to get to the right long-term operating level.
Andrew Fones - UBS: Okay, thanks. That was helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Mark Marcon from Robert W. Baird.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Good morning. I was wondering if you could a little bit about just the tone from your clients and to what extent do you think the recent performance particularly in HCG, just kind of due to a little bit of shock in terms of what happened across the global economy and to what extent do you think the path for cooperation would be?
John Haley: Yeah, so each client has really their own potentials, their own little story. So, it's hard to generalize too much. But I do think... when we solve the stories about the U.S. economy shooting more than people had thought in the first quarter as business spending being down being large part of that, that looks pretty consistent with what we've seen in HCG, where a lot of people just sort of stop some discretionary spending on that. We believe that that's the kind of thing that we've picked back up as the prospects for our clients get better, and it's the way we've seen it happen in the past, I mean was notably in the early 2000. We had a period of some uncertainty and decline there, and then new prospects picked up, HCG did very well. So, this is the kind of thing we have to think about in terms of running with business to make sure. We're prepared to need our clients need as prospects get better to make sure that we don't take some major reactions to just a quarter or two, but also make sure that we continue to run profitable business.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Great. And can you talk a little bit about the... what you are seeing in terms of pension legislation and what you think that may end up doing in terms of future demand as it relates to the actual real work?
John Haley: Yeah, we actually don't think, we're going to see any additional legislation related to pension funding in the near future. We did get some IRS guidance issued in late March, which provides significant short-term relief to most plan sponsors, and we think that guidance decreases the likelihood of any additional legislator funding relief in the near future.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: And what do you think the longer term outlook is there?
John Haley: Well. Longer-term it's hard to go by... longer term, there's always some pension legislation that's coming about, but I wouldn't... there is nothing that I would I could point you to say I expect legislation in this particular areas as appose to some other one.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stifel Nicolaus. Please proceed.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi. Thank you very much for taking my questions. In the Human Capital Group, the loss I just want to ask you if you could give me the exact dollar amount that was severance in the unit and what the loss I mean with other severances just I am trying to get to?
John Haley: I believe... for the fourth quarter?
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Yes.
John Haley: The loss was about $600,000 and the severance was about 500,000.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: So, what was the severance in the whole year? I'm trying to figure out where was all the other severance going?
John Haley: You mean...
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: I mean in the quarter
Roger Millay: ...for the quarter?
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Yeah.
Roger Millay: It was spread around as I said earlier, kind of in other geographies and other practices. So, that was really a smattering. There were one of the reasons that you see a small amount in HCG this quarter is because we did have some severance in Europe and some other practices during the quarter that magnitude, the dollar magnitude generally is higher than in some other geographic areas. So again, it's spread around practices and spread around geographies.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: What was the total number for the quarter of severance?
Roger Millay: It was $3 million.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: So, in the hardest hit group, you only had 0.5 million in severance and you had other groups, where you had higher levels of severance, is that correct?
Roger Millay: That's correct.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: And is there anything cyclical going on within the Benefits Group? I mean if you go historically into last downturn and this group also was impacted and I believe that had something to do with M&A work that resulted in some tension work later on in the cycle. Is there any of that happening right now?
John Haley: No, I think Benefits is about where we had expected. It's right within the range we had expected. We talked about Benefits as being a mid-single digit revenue growth practice; and in fact, if we adjust for the multi-employer business that we sold on the constant currency basis, we're right around 5% here.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. I'm going to try and squeeze one last of housekeeping thing. Can you walk us through the affiliated income there and what kind of expectation should we have for that line moving around over the next few quarters?
John Haley: Yeah, the biggest piece I guess of the volatility in that line is the insurance affiliate that we have, PCIC and that does bounce from year-to-year and quarter-to-quarter. We also, I believe added a bit this quarter from the income that we're getting from the retained interest in the multi-employer sale that we made a year ago.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim McHugh from William Blair & Company. Please proceed.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co.: Yes, just quickly following up on that prior one. Can I maybe ask what you might be assuming for that line as we go onto the fourth quarter in your guidance?
Roger Millay: Again, I think it's... the assumptions generally are pretty modest. And that's one of the reasons I think we do occasionally have surprises there, because it is unpredictable and bounces up and down. I quite honestly don't have a specific number for affiliate.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co.: Okay. And then the Human Capital Group, you mentioned in your comments that March was particularly weak. Can you maybe give a little more color on that relative to the overall quarter's performance and as that is the growth rate you're implying for the second quarter... I'm sorry, for the fiscal fourth quarter really a continuation of those March levels. Are you assuming if it gets worse from even March or better than that?
Roger Millay: Yeah, let me just mention a little bit about this. I think that when we were looking back at the end of calendar '08, and we were looking at the drop in economic activity, one another thing we thought we might see in the beginning of calendar '09 so that, our third fiscal quarter was a drop in HCG in the Human Capital activity. And indeed one of the surprises we had was that January and February didn't drop as much, but then we saw March dropped a great deal from the January, February level. So I think we were surprised that it didn't occur sooner and then it was a very dramatic drop when it occurred. We've taken the March level and projected actually down from there to get to our fourth quarter projections.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co.: Okay, thank you.
John Haley: Actually, just to the earlier question on other in affiliate, I believe baked in our guidance is slightly lower level of affiliate income for the fourth quarter than in the third quarter and also just to clarify on the on the multi-employer income that's coming in... that's coming in on the other line rather than the affiliate line.
Timothy McHugh - William Blair & Co.: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tobey Sommer with SunTrust Humphrey. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning this is Frank in for Tobey. Cash flow was pretty strong during the quarter, wanted to get your perspective in terms how you are looking at asphalt (ph) repurchases, acquisitions and uses of the cash going forward. And then if I could squeeze in a quick, could you disclose the amount of U.S. versus non-U.S. exposure on the Human Capital Group you mentioned. U.S. had some positive trends there.
John Haley: This is John; let me take the first part of that.
Roger Millay: Sure.
John Haley: In think one of the things that we like being in a strong cash position as Roger mentioned, we expect to repay any debt we have during this quarter and our liquidity position is very strong. Generally we've taken the position that we would prefer to do acquisitions, and we're always on the lookout for doing acquisitions that will make some sense. I think we are... when we look at acquisitions, we tend to be focused on ones that are good cultural fit and ones that are good strategic fit, and we're less focused on maybe trying to get some bargain basement prices on things. I mean we don't want over pay, but we're not necessarily ones that are sort of bottom feeding on some of those. So we are continuing to look for acquisitions the same as we had in the past, and we're glad to be in a position, where we could look at doing that. If we don't see something like that in the past, we've looked at things as to whether we might return money to shareholders by doing a share repurchase we did one last year. I think it was in February of last year, we commenced one and did that throughout most of 2008. We don't have any plans for one right now, but it's always something that we would think about.
Roger Millay: On the second question... sorry. Revenue for the Human Capital Group is about 50% little under 50% in U.S.
Unidentified Analyst: All right, great. Thanks very much.
Operator: We have a follow up questions from the line of Paul Ginocchio from Deutsche Bank.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Great, thanks. Just wondering if there was, how you can size or is any impact on the market rally recently in the investment consulting division, and is there obviously an effect into your guidance and anyway to sort of size that force? Thanks.
John Haley: Yeah, I'm not sure how sensitive that is to the market value. We think we saw the pickup in some of the investment consulting activity, a little bit before. Then clearly the events of calendar 2008, when we had the big market shock, also gave a shock to activity in that area. But it's not sensitive to the daily ups and downs of the market.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Mainly just two quick follow-ups and I thought in the back half of the year, some of the degradation in that growth rate was because of some of your funds and demands of fees or piece by piece like that.
John Haley: I see what you're saying. Yes, and there is... to some extend, our revenues are... it's less than 20% of our revenues are sort of performance or asset based. So there is some impact to that. But I think that's not the biggest part of the change.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Great, and then it sounds like from your earlier comments that you're still advising managers not to change pension slots not to change managers yet; is that correct?
John Haley: I think what we're telling them is to is to go slow on this to evaluate carefully what's going on. This is a market that has seen a lot of changes and they should just do anything very carefully. We're not recommending necessarily making wholesale changes.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: So, I just... holding on that, is it true that when you start recommending making changes that would have a positive impact?
John Haley: It could. I think the point... so what happens is, we have this enormous change in the market in calendar 2008. And one of the things that you people might think is that we would immediately go out and recommend that that everybody go and chase the manager from ones that lost the money further with the others. But what we've said was... let's step back and look at this overall and let's plan sensibly for the long-term. I am not sure that we are going to go out and recommend wholesale changes to anybody. We're going to recommend that they evaluate it manager-by-manager and see what fits in with and what the investment philosophy is.
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Thank you.
Operator: We have another follow up question from the line of Mark Marcon from Robert W. Baird.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: I wanted to focus a little bit more on coming from longer-term outlook. I was wondering first of all, John, you mentioned, you want to maintain the margins. What margin levels were you specifically referring to in terms of... are you thinking about the '07ish kind of levels, the '08 kind of levels. Where are you thinking in terms of operating profits in terms of both, and I know it's a full year as opposed to next few quarters?
John Haley: No, I think if we just step back and look at this, in '07, we had pretty good margins. They've had some years where they have been trending up. And we said, we still thought long-term that was probably some incremental improvement we could get year-to-year. But in '08, we had of course quite an extraordinarily good year. We believe that we can... the '07 with some small incremental improvements or probably some good long-term estimates for what we can do.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then can you talk a little bit about... obviously, this is unusually difficult environment. Can you talk a little bit about what you would think would be a conservative point-of-view with regards to the long-term growth rates within the individual divisions.
John Haley: I think the benefits, which we had talked about being in the mid single-digits in 4 to 6% is the kind of longer-term growth rate, maybe even 4 to 5 units (ph). That would... I think that's still a good long-term wait for that. If I look at the investment consulting, we've talked about that as a business that we think has some more years of some higher growth, and I think we still expect to see that to grow at least in the 10% or higher range for the near term. The union capital, the short-term obviously were projecting that things are going to get... we're going to see more shrinkage coming-in in the short-term, but if you're asking about what the long-term rate is, I think the rate around 9-10% is something that we think is a good longer term rate for growth there. I think insurance, we would probably say the same kind of thing that we expect somewhere around 9 to 10% is a good longer term growth rate for that. And we would look at our administration as probably closer to benefits about the mid single-digits. So I think if you step back and you look at what we might have done a year ago in terms of what we would talk about as long-term growth rates, and then I'm really emphasizing long-term here, I'm not talking about what's going to happen over the next year or so. But if we look at the long-term growth rates, they're probably not that different. I think the only one that might be a little more moderated would be the investment consulting.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And in terms of Human Capital, I mean in a challenged environment, what would you aspire to get the margins to?
John Haley: Well, I don't know is the answer to that right off hand. And the key here is that with Human Capital, what we need to do is go and look at things specifically and see weather we think the imbalances we have are short-term or long-term. We really deliver some long... with some short-term imbalances.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Sure.
John Haley: We think there is the right opportunities. As we've going through and being doing some of this, we found things that we think are longer term imbalances and that's where we're acting on immediately.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay.
John Haley: So I think it really to, we have to do a fuller look at that, but that's the criteria we will use to distinguish.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Great, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citigroup.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Hi, I just wanted to return to the answer that you had given to my question on what kind of savings you can get from cost cutting and various other things and you had started with a $20 million savings number, which is I think is roughly $0.30 EPS, which it seems to me that should be efficient to overcome modest single-digit shrinkage plus the impact of I guess your pension related headwind in fiscal 2010 and still give you very modest EPS growth. I don't want to put, I know you don't have 2010 guidance out there. Don't want to put words in your mouth but could you run through or some of the... at least the puts and takes qualitatively as we think about nearer term? People are worried about fiscal 2010, what might to do? Could you provide more color?
John Haley: Sure. I think Ashwin, let me just say this: I think we had agreed with the overall sort of channel of what your remarks are there. I'd emphasize though what you just said over larger set, we are actually in the middle right now of doing our FY '10 planning. So, we can't tell you anything specific about that. But overall, when we started looking at the kind of cost reductions we have here, they seem like they were in a kind of cost reductions, but for the most part should get us towards balancing what we say as perhaps some increases, we could get an increase Benefits expense for things we could get... we could have some revenue declines. Overall, they look like their order of magnitude about right, but we haven't got into the final balancing. That's one of the reason though we said earlier also that we were looking at trying to maintain our margins, because we think that this is a pretty good way towards balancing any revenue losses or cost increases we have.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: That's fair. But once you take that into the cash flow impact. Can you talk then about the cash flow impact and are you likely to given the performance this year likely to have similar kind of variable comp sales as you had in good years? The last couple of years, you're like to start off with a negative balance if you go on your... essentially on your credit line; it drilled down the credit line and so on. If you could take it from margins and EPS, which looks like flat to slightly up is a good starting point, take it to cash flow and explain.
John Haley: Yeah. I think, well I'll let Roger talk about cash flow. Let me just deal with the variable comp issue. Over the years, we try to look at these and say in general, we've like our net income and our variable comp to be growing at about the same rate. Now they don't grow the same rate necessarily every quarter-to-quarter or do that in times when we had some... we've had times, where we've grown the variable comp faster than the net earnings and we've got times, where we've actually grown the net income faster than the variable comp. But on average we try to get them to be growing at about the same rate. I think that's still a philosophy. We'd like to try and do that, but in specific quarters or specific years, we might depart from that. Talk about the cash flow.
Roger Millay: Yeah, Ashwin I might say some things on cash flow that sounds like kind of blend and generic. But our expectation is, it is a good cash flowing business and we expect that to continue in the scenario that you pose it with slightly growing earnings. Cash flow in general should pretty much follow. So, in terms of what we do with the credit facility and free cash and then to the earlier question of how we would think about what to do with free cash. I mean, I think all those things would be in relatively the same balance as they are right now, so...
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: And you're not seeing anything out of the ordinary with working capital with clients, elections and things like that.
Roger Millay: No. I mean there are... this is the time where you see more kind of anecdotal kind of one off, receivables pressure, but there is nothing systemic that we're seeing that impacts out of our cash flow.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stifel Nicolaus.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, thank you very much. I just wanted to ask you to go over what's the healthcare consulting work? You said that it was at week in the quarter. If you could just describe a little bit more about what was going on over there and what was driving that?
Roger Millay: I think in general, healthcare was down. I don't have a lot of anecdotes or details on that. In general, we sense that perhaps clients were... their activity around healthcare is kind of more project oriented and then perhaps a little more discretionary that clearly impacted us. We think that that's still an area of good prospects for us. As healthcare changes come in, we believe that we will benefit from that. I don't know that we saw any specific kind of systemic pressures there that we think are indicative of a longer term outcome, it's just a little more volatile and kind of cyclical segment.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Can you give me the magnitude of the year-over-year impacts on healthcare?
Roger Millay: Again, it's a pretty small part of benefits. I don't have a number. I think it was a single-digit kind of decline I think. And from a revenue point-of-view that might mean for the quarter 1 million or $2 of revenue... million or 2 million of revenue.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Fones from UBS.
Andrew Fones - UBS: Yes, thank you. I had a follow up to my question about revenue guidance. And I think you guys reached number of HCG already, but I was wondering if you could tell us at least directionally where growth stood in March on a constant currency basis perhaps relative to where you've guided so. Have you guided in terms of fourth quarter growth inline with March above or below just across the other businesses? Thanks.
Roger Millay: I don't know when you say across the other businesses, you lost me a little bit. But I think your question of first quarter guidance for HCG, we used March as the benchmark and projected that trend generally into the fourth quarter.
Andrew Fones - UBS: Sorry, my comment on the businesses was, I think your guidance was HCG previously. I was wondering if you could do that for the other businesses.
Roger Millay: For the other four segments, trending of March, well. Again, I'll have to say, I think this was the question I tried to answer earlier when I kind of highlighted insurance, I think that's really the only practice that we didn't project the third quarter trends into the fourth quarter again because it's so project related and we had this M&A type influence. We're just a little bit more conservative there I think otherwise, I cant specifically talk to March, but generally we took what we saw in the quarter and as the quarter developed and used that as the benchmark for the fourth quarter.
John Haley: Yeah, I think the only thing I would add to that is that implicit of what Roger is saying is that for the other practices, March wasn't necessarily all that distinguished January and February.
Roger Millay: Right, that's right.
John Haley: The only thing that came into play a little bit is this issue of Easter in the UK. And Easter in the UK added a couple days of revenue to some of our businesses, and we didn't project... we normalize for that and then did our projections.
Roger Millay: Absolutely right.
John Haley: And then that it seems like a funny thing to talk about Easter, but actually the impact of whether that falls in the third or fourth quarter is a big impact. We discussed last year on the call, I think when we were talking about the third and fourth quarter results as to where that falls.
Andrew Fones - UBS: Yeah, it sounds as though benefits could be hold enough. If I might, organic numbers of benefits constant currency in the quarter is about four. I think you said five, but it was and you said us about 2% impact from Easter, either 2% benefit from Easter. So we just in for about, it doesn't look like you've seen any kind of demand fall off from the 13 to the fourth quarter.
John Haley: I'm not sure how much Easter was. It was a couple of days, where things in the UK, and so the overall... one of the reasons that we have might have had a slightly higher number for benefits was... it's a question of whether or not we adjust for the multiemployer business.
Roger Millay: Right.
John Haley: That adds a percent or two.
Andrew Fones - UBS: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Here from Robert W. Baird, your next question comes from Mark Marcon.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Can you talk a little bit about what your clients are seeing from pricing perspective? Are you getting pressure to reduce your fees and how are you responding?
John Haley: Well, I think pricing is always competitive, and we continue to see that now. But I don't think there is anything that say a big systemic change that we're necessary seeing there. The issue tends to be around whether projects are gone forward and that's what's ahead of us.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Yeah, so it's more on the project as opposed to you'd like just you sharpen your pencil.
John Haley: Yeah, I mean it's always competitive when it's probably a little more competitive now than it had been. But that's not where we see the issues.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then can you just... in terms of your experience, how long do you think if we go back to last downturn and comparing and contrasting the environment today to that period, how long do you think that could be before HCG normalizes?
John Haley: These things are always hard to say. I'm probably more optimistic in front of the others. This may surprise you. But I actually think that, I think from when we start to see a real pick up, it might only be a quarter to two. So we'll have... I think there would be a wide divergence of opinion I think within the firm if you would ask people out.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And when you're saying a pick-up, do you mean GDP or do you mean employment?
John Haley: Well, a lot of what we do with HCG tends to be related to labor force mobility. And so, when we see that happening, that's always a good sign for us. Some of the downturn some of the projects and the way the projects are cut here seem to be more related though to just the GDP fall-off and cuts in business spending generally. So it's probably a combination of those. I think we will certainly see some pick up in HCG once GDP picks up. And I think once we get employment and labor force mobility, we'll probably continue to see more.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Great, thank you.
Operator: At this time, I show we have no further questions in queue. I'll now turn the call back over to Mr. John Haley for closing remarks.
John Haley: Okay. Well, again thanks very much everyone for joining us. We look forward to reviewing our fourth quarter results with you in August.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-02-05 21:00:00) =====
Executives: John Haley - President & Chief Executive Officer  Roger Millay - Chief Financial Officer Mary Malone - Director of Investor Relations 
Analysts: Ashwin Shirvaikar - City Group Andrew Fones - UBS Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus  Tobey Sommer - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey Josh Vogel - Sidoti & Co.   
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the second quarter fiscal 2009 Watson Wyatt Worldwide earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions)  I will now turn the presentation over to Mary Malone; please proceed maam. 
Mary Malone: Good morning. This is Mary Malone, Director of Investor Relations at Watson Wyatt Worldwide. Welcome to our conference call to discuss our results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2009. Im here today with John Haley, Watson Wyatts President and Chief Executive Officer and Roger Millay, our Chief Financial Officer. After some brief prepared remarks we will open the conference call for your question. Please refer to our website for this mornings press release.  Todays call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone for the next week by dialing 617-801-6888, confirmation number 65678869. The replay will also be available for the next three months via the companys website at www.watsonwyatt.com. There are a few slides of the company in the financial section of our presentation and you may log on to our website to obtain those slides.   This conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements among others regarding expected financial and operating performance. Any statements made during this call that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements.  You are cautioned that these statements may be affected by among others the important factors set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in todays news release and that consequently actual operations and results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information future events or otherwise except as provided by Federal Securities Laws.  At this time, Ill turn the conference call over to John Haley.
John Haley: Thank you, Mary. Good morning and thank you for joining us today. I am pleased to share the results of our fiscal year 09 second quarter with you. Our reported revenues for the quarter were $436 million a decline of 2% over prior year reported revenues. However, on a constant currency basis, our revenues increased 6% over prior year.  In spite of the economic slow down we achieved constant currency revenue growth in each of our segments during the quarter; 7% in benefits, 12% in technology and administration solutions, 1% in the human capital group, 28% in insurance and financial services and 5% in investment consulting. Current economic conditions have increased demand for some of our segments and hindered others, but overall were pleased with our results and resilience.  For the quarter diluted earnings per share were $0.93. This is a 13% increase over the prior period of $0.82 per share. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar resulted in an 8% reduction through our EPS. On the constant currency basis, diluted earnings were $1.01 or a 23% increase over prior year. The growth in our EPS is due to decreases in our income tax rate and shares outstanding as well as to the increases in both operating and non-operating income. While we would prefer to work in a good economy, we are well positioned to weather this economic down turn. Our services are well aligned with changing market demands. We have contingency plans in place to pro-actively manage our costs in areas where demand may slow. We are a conservatively managed company with excellent cash flow and a strong balance sheet. For the third consecutive year Forbes magazine named Watson Wyatt one of the Americas 400 best big companies.  Now lets review each of our segments beginning with benefits. For the quarter, Benefits Group revenues were $240 million, a decrease of 2% from prior year, but an increase of 7% on a constant currency basis. We experienced increased demand for our services across all geographic regions. Growth was two points higher after adjusting for the spin off of the Multi-Employer Retirement business in North America in February 2008. The economic turmoil created additional demand for us, as we advice pension plans sponsors on their funding requirements. Funding is largely influenced by law. In Europe, many plan sponsors are focused on the solvency of their pension plans and in some countries any statutory ramification from changes in funded status.  In the U.S. the pension protection act is taking effect at one of the worst possible times. Companies are transitioning to new more restrictive funding requirements while declining pension asset values and the weakened economy. While it is expected that the PPA will lead to more predictable funding, planned sponsors have not had time to build up surplus cushions to soften the extremely volatile and negative market conditions over the last four months.  The recovery act that was signed into law on December 23 will provide some measure of relief, but the recovery acts effect on funded status will be slight and offers no relief from benefit restrictions. We think to find benefit plan sponsors will still struggle to meet the large and unexpected contributions required in the next two years.  There are two other relief proposals that have been put before congress. These other proposals combined with the recovery act would generate more significant improvement in plan funded status and reduction in required contributions. We expect significant dialogue with our clients on these issues.   Now, lets move to the Technology and Administration Solutions Group. For the quarter revenues were $51 million, up 3% from prior year and 12% on a constant currency basis. We performed better-than-expected in North America, primarily due to additional project work with existing clients.  On a pre-deferral basis, constant currency revenue was 6%. As this practice matures in North America and we have more clients in on-going service delivery, our base of recurring revenue increases. When projects move from implementation into on-going service delivery, we begin recognizing revenues and this provides growth over the prior period.   We also achieved growth this quarter from additional project work at existing clients as compared to prior year; we had more work at existing clients and less project implementation work. Some other project work is due to corporate actions resulting from the economic downturn. This change in the mix of work drove our high growth rate.  We continue to have an excellent retention rate. However, we expect project work will probably decline as companies continue to face economic pressure and cancel or delay discretionary projects. The on-going administration work is considered a critical business activity. Our administration revenues are largely based on participant levels and an increase in unemployment could have a negative effect on those revenues. However, in North America, we think our revenues will be impacted more by discretionary project levels than by changes in unemployment rates.  We are also performing well in Europe and have an excellent retention rate there too. Virtually, all of our revenues in Europe are from on-going administration work. We have a stable platform of revenues in this segment and we have some visibility into our growth. We expect that revenues will continue to grow for the remainder of the fiscal year, but they will probably grow at a more moderate rate.  Due to the economic climate, fewer companies may change their technology platforms and this could have a negative affect on our ability to win new clients. Although our growth may slow the administration services that we provide or a compelling proposition for companies looking to control cost, improve employee engagement and productivity and free-up the HR function for more strategic efforts.  Next, let me turn to the Human Capital Group. For the quarter, revenues were $51 million, down 4% from prior year, but up 1% on a constant currency basis. This segment performed well on our first fiscal quarter, but in the middle of the second quarter, we started to see a slow down. We are focused on containing cost within this practice in maintaining profitability. Demand for compensation services was lower than expected and we think this is directly related to the economic times.  We expect our fiscal third quarter will be seasonally stronger for this practice due to the compliance nature of some of the work performed. However, were bringing down our expectations for this segment for fiscal year 2009. As the new administration takes off, these companies are preparing for what is anticipated to be a lively congressional debate on executive compensation. While many new ideas are certain to emerge between now and then, weve seen a number of proposals, some of which have become part of the bank bailout legislation.  In addition, shareholder activists have seen some success in winning approval for say on pay mandates. There may also be some project work as companies in bankruptcy restructured the compensation program. We still expect to have constant currency revenue growth through the fiscal year, but it will be lower than initially expected. Now Ill discuss the insurance in Financial Services Group. For the quarter, revenues were $34 million, up 14% from prior year and 28% on a constant currency basis. Insurers and financial services companies have been hit hard by the crisis and were working closely with these clients to help them through the turmoil. Weve seen an increase in merger and acquisition activity as some financial services groups look to raise capital to help them through these difficult times.  We have also seen some fall off in demand as companies defer work or take projects in-house. So far client needs created by the crisis have more than offset project cancellations or deferrals and we expect this to continue in the short term. We also had one very large project this quarter that contributed to the significant increase in our revenues. We think the client needs created by the crisis will more than offset any project cancellations or deferrals. As of now, we expect to have good growth for the remainder of this fiscal year.  Lastly, Investment Consulting reported revenues of $37 million for the quarter, a decrease of 12% from prior year, but an increase of 5% on a constant currency basis. The financial crisis is affecting our business in two ways. First, in our ability to execute transactions on behalf of our clients, particularly hedging transactions and second in the advice we give to clients.  Were still urging clients to exercise caution in changing managers and to defer making certain types of investments, while the long term effects of this global crisis will take some time to manifest we are thinking ahead of that winning strategies that will add value in an increasingly unpredictable and competitive marketplace. Many funds are looking at their investment strategy and risk powers. The proposal pipeline is as strong as we have ever seen in North America, but the sales process is taking longer.  In Europe we also have a very strong pipeline with significant interest in our Advanced Investment Solution service. We continue to be optimistic about the longer term growth prospects for this segment but growth will be more moderate for this fiscal year.  Wrapping up, we continue to stay as close as possible to our clients. In fact, we hosted more than 200 of our clients at our 11th annual client conference in early November.  We will continue to partner with our clients to find practical solutions for todays business challenges. We are cautiously optimistic about our overall performance for the remainder of this fiscal year. While we will continue to face challenges and some of our segments will perform better than others we expect to achieve constant currency revenue and EPS growth. Now Ill turn the call over to Roger. 
Roger Millay : Thanks, John and good morning to everyone. As youve just heard we experienced good growth in our second fiscal quarter. For the quarter we reported revenues of $436 million and diluted earnings per share of $0.93. On a constant currency basis total revenues were $475 million resulting in 6% growth over the prior year. On a constant currency basis our diluted EPS was a $1.1 an increase of 23% over prior year.  The Benefits Group had a 30% margin for the quarter, an increase from 26% last year. The margin improvement over prior year was driven by North America. Were still expecting full year margins consistent with prior year in the high 20% range.   Technology and Administration Solutions had a 28% margin for the quarter, a decrease from 33% last year. Margins decreased in both Europe and North America. In Europe the margin decline is due to increased installation activity during the quarter, which is generally lower margin work.  In North America, the prior years second quarter margin was unusually high due to client work around the implementation of the Pension Protection Act. We still expect margins for the year to be in the mid 20% range.  Human Capital Group had a 20% margin for the quarter, a decrease from 23% last year. Margins were down in both North America and Europe. We are taking steps to contain our costs as we anticipate continued revenue slowdown in this segment. Our margins for the year will probably be in the mid-teens.  Insurance and Financial Services had a 29% margin for the quarter, a significant increase from the -1% last year. The margin improvement reflects the increase in revenues, as well as the reduction in the expenses from the rightsizing of our cost structure last fiscal year. We are increasing our forecast for this segment and expect margins will be in the mid-teens for the year.  Investment Consulting had a 22% margin for the quarter, a decrease from 35% last year. Margins were down in all regions as compared to prior year. As we mentioned last quarter weve added to the team this year to support our past growth and to position ourselves for our future growth. Weve slowed our hiring as we await greater visibility to market developments.  Were working in a tough environment but remain confident in our franchise. We have the research capabilities and the client support teams required to maintain our market leadership position. We still expect our margins for fiscal 2009, to be in the high 20% range. In fiscal 2009, our cost increased to include the talent and skills needed for the long term, but our revenues incorporate the negative impact of continued market turmoil for the remainder of the fiscal year. We continue to think the long-term prospects are good for this practice. The segment margins that weve just reviewed before consideration of discretionary compensation and other unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles resulting from our acquisitions.  For the quarter, our operating income margin was 12.8% an improvement over the last quarter but a decline from 13.4% in the prior year quarter. Net income for the quarter was $40 million, up from $37 million in the prior year. Fully diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.93 as compared to prior year first quarter earnings per share of $0.82. On a constant currency basis, diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $1.01. Moving to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $74 million of cash and $61 million of debt. We expect to have debt repaid by the end of the fiscal year. We generated $77 million in cash flows from operating activities this quarter and well continue to generate strong cash flows this fiscal year. Our liquidity position is also very strong. We have an additional $239 million available under our line of credit that we dont expect to need.  Now, lets review our guidance for fiscal 2009. The slides posted in our website will be following along in this session. The revenues and diluted earnings per share that we report will continue to be affected by changes in foreign exchange rates.  Were keeping our full year EPS guidance at $3.50 to $3.57. A positive effect of our business performing better than forecast as offset the negative effect of the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. This guidance includes up to $0.35 of foreign currency translation losses from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Were bringing down our revenue guidance and we expect to report revenues in the range of $1.67 billion to $1.72 billion.  We dont know exchange rate will fluctuate over the remainder of our fiscal year. This guidance anticipates that over the next six months, the pound Sterling maintains a minimum average value of approximately $1.30 and the euro maintains a minimum of average value of approximately $1.20.  Generally speaking, a little less than half of our business is in Europe and a 10% drop in the pound and the euro will result in a little more than 5% drop in our EPS over the remainder of the fiscal year. The U.K is about three quarters of our European business, so changes in the pound affect our results more than changes in the Euro.  Seasonally more of our European income is earned in the second half of the fiscal year. We continue to be cautiously optimistic of our fiscal 09. Were beginning to see signs of slow down in certain parts of our business where other parts of our business are doing well. This guidance assumes an income tax rate of 32% to 33% for the year and shares outstanding of approximately 42.8 million for the year.  Now Ill pass through the revenue guidance for each of the segments. Please note that the slides in our website show both reported and constant currency revenue guidance. Since constant currency is better measure of underlying business performance, Ill focus my remarks on the constant currency guidance.  Lets start with Benefits. Our Benefits constant currency revenue guidance is 4%to 6% growth in fiscal year 2009. Normalizing benefits for the multi-employer business that we exited in fiscal 08 revenue growth would be 5% to 7%.  In the Technology and Administration Solutions Group were increasing our constant currency revenue guidance to 9% to 12% growth in fiscal 09. The increase reflects the mix of work in our pipeline in North America and the progress of our new client in Europe.  Weve stopped providing the project numbers in North America because these numbers have become much less useful in understanding or projecting financial results. The project numbers recited were just a subset of our North America works and have become an increasingly small part of the North America business.  In the Human Capital Group, were reducing our constant currency revenue guidance to 2% to 5% in fiscal 09 based on the slow down were seeing. In Insurance and Financial Services we are increasing our constant currency revenue guidance to 10% to 15% for fiscal 2009, as we expect the turmoil and the financial services sector to create work for us in the near term. This segment has the widest range because we have less visibility into the magnitude and timing of the potential projects.  Lastly, we are revising our constant currency investment consulting revenue growth down to 6% to 9% in fiscal 2009. This down will revision to our guidance assumes that market conditions continue to be difficult for the remainder of the fiscal year. These are difficult economic times for everyone. Despite this environment we continue to expect to achieve constant currency revenue growth in each of our segments.  We expect reported third quarter revenues will be in the range of $420 million to $430 million and reported diluted EPS will be in the range of $0.88 to $0.92 cents. Third quarter diluted EPS may include up to $0.15 of foreign currency translation losses due to the strengthening of the US dollar. Third quarter revenue guidance by segment is presented on slide four.  In summary, we continue to believe that we will deliver good earnings and cash flow results for the year in the local markets of our business across the world. However, the resilience of our underlying business is somewhat massed in our reported results by the changes in foreign exchange rates. 
John Haley: Thanks Roger. Now well take any questions that you may have.  
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from Ashwin Shirvaikar - City Group. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar - City Group: So I heavily appreciate the clarity of the press release separating out the impact of currency from the factor that you can actually control. My first question is, as it relates to maintaining your forward outlook, clearly the December quarter, performance is a part of that, but what kind of proactive steps are you taking to run in your cost structure? And is there any way you can separate out a variable comp accruals from other steps youre taking?
John Haley: Well, do you want to talk about the cost and Ill handle the variable. 
Roger Millay: Yes sure. Ashwin, I think if you look at the business again our emphasis is on the balance between what were seeing in the revenue line and just to reemphasize we are seeing constant currency growth in all the segments, but really maintaining focus on those segments like Human Capital that are seeing some pressures.  So we havent taken kind of broad systemic cost actions at this point. Its been targeted to those practices and those regions of the world where the pressure is and at this point, thats the continuing plan for the year, but were prepared to respond with contingency plans as we see the environment change.
John Haley: Yes and just to follow up on that, salary and employ benefits are our biggest expense, but there is a lot of other cost management activities that we cant pursue. Some of the easier ones really relate to discretionary costs such as non-essential travel, certain internal meetings. Weve been very aggressive in going after those costs.  As you know as well as Ive stated in the past, I dont generally like the idea of the lay-offs during temporary declines in demand, their cost associated with the lay-offs then their additional cost associated with ramping back up, lay-offs are very bad for morale. So they are not something that we look at as our first or maybe then our second resource. Now these are unusual times and if there are some significant slowdowns in our business we would have to consider all alternatives, but as of now we dont have any significant work force reduction plans.  Let me turn to the variable comp. The way we look at the variable comp is that there is really a partnership between our shareholders and our associate and as times get better they should both share in that and as times are more difficult they should both share in the downside and we try to keep that then relatively constant.  So we grow the earnings per share by the same percentage as we grow the variable comp and weve been following that model for some number of years now and while we can always review that and look at one way or other. We again follow that this quarter. 
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets: Okay. Can you comment on the cash flow outlook, commentary on debt pay and seem to indicate the potentially lower cash expectation than before?
John Haley: Yes, I think in the guidance I believe that we gave before was $195 million cash balance at the end of the year and I think now were looking at some thing more or like 160 to 170. Apart of that difference probably the biggest, the most significant part of that difference being additional pension contributions, which were working on now and then also, of course, currency does affect some of the foreign current log at this point all the foreign currency cash balances or there is an impact of effects as well.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets: Okay and my last question. As I look at the next two quarters, can you remind us of any one time impact that affected the prior year that we should be aware of? 
Roger Millay: No. Ashwin, as you know, of course, every quarter has its own unique features, but there is nothing really big, I dont think last year that we can think of.
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Fones - UBS.  
Andrew Fones  UBS: Yes. Thank you. First, I need to ask on the Insurance and Financial Services business. If you could kind of give us a quantification, perhaps of this one off project and how that might impact the third and fourth quarters, if at all? Thanks. 
John Haley: Sure. I think this was a big project and basically, the way to think about it is, it really provided all of our growth for the quarter. Now, that this project has ended, but we expect that there are going to some others like that. The credit crisis and the falling asset prices have really resulted in an increase in M&A activity.  As financial services companies look to strengthen their balance sheet and weve been active with this increase in activity, weve consulted on both buy-side and sell-side situations. So, when I say that we expect to see some projects do that we have pretty visibility into the third quarter projects, but, we also expect to see a little in the fourth quarter, but we are little less clear about that activity. 
Andrew Fones  UBS: Okay. Thanks and on the Human Capital Group, I think youve said in the past about 65% of the revenues come from compensation services and you, expect that to kind of hold a factor in a weak economic environment. Can you talk about the seasonality of that work and how that impacts, some of the weakness were seeing now, but the potential strength you might see in the fourth quarter? Thanks. 
John Haley: So let me talk about that I think first of all well, let me confirm that the 65% per compensation is correct about 26% of our revenues are for data services at about 9% for our organizational effectiveness. The slow down weve seen so far has primarily been in compensation and particularly in sales force compensation consulting.  Weve also seen some slowing in strategic rewards which is our broad base compensation consulting program and an executive comp. Executive comp is the one holding up the best so far and we still think were going to see a lot of activity on that further remainder of the fiscal year. We are still doing some work in organizational effectiveness but we do expect thats going to be down year-over-year.  Our Data Services is the area that we expect to be the most resilient in the FCG area. Were one of only a few providers of data in a broad range of countries and therefore we are well positioned even if companies cut back on the number of suppliers used for data. 
Andrew Fones- UBS: Thanks and in terms that 65% what proportion of that roughly is the executive comp versus sales force in strategic reward. 
Roger Millay : I would guess that its in the area of around two thirds. 
Andrew Fones- UBS: Okay. Thank you and then just finally on technology solutions you mentioned that you are benefiting there in similar force changes and there project works thats great. Do you have any senses to tell what should be the growth is been driven by that or, you know what proportion of revenue that would it. 
Roger Millay : It was one of the real drivers of growth for the quarter certainly and although new implementations of long term contracts was also a significant contributor. I dont have a number for you but certainly we think the leading contributor to the existing new projects at existing clients was driven by the restructuring type activities within those clients and you know I think there would be some hope that would continue obviously thats unpredictable though given that its dependent on whats happening within our clients businesses. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche. 
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. Just wondering youve been in the fourth quarter the full impact on demand of the decline in the market was felt in that in the pick up or in a demand for pension consulting or do you think there is more to come relative to the fourth quarter in the next couple of quarters. Thanks. 
John Haley: So you are talking about our second fiscal quarter. 
Paul Ginocchio - Deutsche Bank: Yes. 
John Haley: Yes. Weve done a lot of work in the retirement field there in the second quarter and we expect were going to continue to do a lot of work into the third quarter. Maybe a little less than that in the fourth quarter but, one of the features of the current environment is that we see a lot of activity particularly, in North America in our retirement consulting. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Marcon - R.W. Baird.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Good morning and congratulations on the strong results. I was wondering if you could just expand a little bit John on how you think, the friendship consulting portion of the Benefits practice is going to continue to unfold. On one hand, it sounds like there is obviously a lot of stress in terms of asset evaluations, as well as changes in regulation on the flip side. It is becoming more cumbersome for some companies to fund these initiatives and so how do you think its going to unfold for the balance of this year relative to what youve seen thus far and then how do you think about it from a longer term perspective? 
John Haley: So, I think Mark, I guess in talking about any of this, I should start by saying this is probably the most difficult time in my experience to give any predictions, even a quarter or so in advance.  When I think about the pension consulting, its during the height of the storm that we actually see the biggest increase in some of the pension consulting because, its when you have all of these incredible strains on the funding, on the benefit restrictions because of the under-funding on the volatility of the contributions, thats when plan sponsors are consulting with us quite a bit on whats going on. Its when the storm has passed its may be when there is not quite as much going on. So I actually expect that for our third fiscal quarter, we expect to still see a lot of activity in the retirement area, particularly, in North America and we expect to see continued activity into the fourth quarter. I think its 2010, that we might see it slowing down a little bit more. Thinking about this long term, I do think that most of the people that still have defined benefit plan seem to be pretty much committed to them and we havent seen any big changes like additional freezings of plans or anything like that. Even if that occurs, we still get a lot of worked out. So I think we dont see this as fast a growth factor as some of our other areas, but we do see this as a solid performing business for a long time.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Can you talk a little bit about the amendment to the PPA that was passed on December 23? I mean, it doesnt seem like that could have had any impact at all in the fiscal second quarter, but it should have a positive impact in the.  
John Haley: Sure. Let me mention two things and really that was December 23. So thats not going to show up in the second quarter. So the Recovery Act permits 24 month as its moving, but the smooth asset value has to fall within 90% and 100% of fair market value. So what happens is, the smooth asset value is probably going to be more than 110. So everybody is going to decline under 110.  We have to consult around what the impact of that would be, but one of the things we think is that its only going to provide limit relief to the validity of the contribution. There is a couple of other proposals out there, one is to get rid of the 110 or at least change it in some fashion. The other is to allow plans to more of a free election of evaluation methods. We are talking with client sponsors about those if we see those pass we could see additional consulting assignments.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Can you talk about the magnitude of those sorts of consulting assignments relative to what youve already done? Because you have a confluence of two factors, you have the assets other than U.S treasuries and Japanese governments have obviously contracted materially. So thats one aspect and then there is these changes to the PPA and I was just wondering if there is any way to potentially spice the impact and then and most of the discussions also focused on North America, but obviously the asset destructions is global. So if you could talk a little bit about the international impacts as well that would be great. 
John Haley: Sure. So two things first of all and as you know, we dont really keep track. There is no way for us to look at what part of any special projects we might do or our current market conditions or pension funding, we dont really have that data, but we looked at it and we think, okay, how much of the revenue in the second quarter, how much of the increase was from that? and we think basically about a point or two about the global growth probably came from these types of projects. So one way Im thinking about what could it do in the third quarter would be to say if we would expect another point or two of global growth in retirement to come from that.
Roger Millay: I think one of the reasons that we are focusing on North America, everywhere around the world where there are defined Benefit plans; people are being hit with the decline in asset values with the necessity of increased fundings. North America or the U.S. in particular is a little different because not only is it the decline in asset values, but its also new funding regulation hitting at the same time. So, thats really why weve done that because there is probably some increased consulting as a result to that.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: And thats why I was trying to get at this, but in particular, the impact of the change thats coming because that hasnt slowed through as you said. So, I mean, how much do you think this amendment is going end up adding? 
John Haley: I guess Mark, now when you look at our guidance that we gave for the rest of the year, we took that all into account. Okay 
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: A point or two? 
John Haley: Yes. I mean, I think the point or two is probably right, but I dont think there is anything over what we have in our guidance. Id guess what I should say is our guidance is based on about the same kind of activity. If we see more because there is some new proposals come out or some thing that could provide some up-sight, but we have already factored in sort of the current situation.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. The reason why Im asking is because it looks like you didnt definitely change your full year outlook on the benefit side on a CC basis and you wouldnt have had the change, the amendment in your guidance previously and thats so I guess, thats why I went asking. 
Roger Millay : Yes. I mean to your point we are running at the high-end of the guidance that weve given. So you might interpret that relative to the range that there might be some upside there, but I think again, Johns 1% to 2% probably the numbers that were looking at and its incorporated in the guidance. 
John Haley: But I think Roger really has that right. We are running at the high side of the guidance and could we have taken the guidance up, as long as we are in the corner there, we didnt. 
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Great and then, can you talk a little bit more about Technology Solutions and just the areas where you saw some improvement be of all of the various changes that are occurring in another words. What were the other scope projects for the already installed based that you ended up putting in place? 
Roger Millay: I think the one think thats may be get a little different this quarter from what the companies talked about that in the past is that as weve add client activity as they have restructured their business either related to their underline segments or related to their underline employee population or relative to their plans, because of pressures that they have, there are benefit changes in their plans that have to be incorporated into the underlying systems that we provide to them. So thats just generated work and so it is kind of change order type work related to those activities with their clients and that was the major driver. 
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Can you scope how much of the upside was due to that..? 
Roger Millay: Well, I mean I think again I dont have a dollar number for that quite. You know I think it was low double digit growth and the change order piece of that was substantial portion. I would say probably some where around half of that and so that gives you some sense of that magnitude. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus : Hi. Thank you very much for taking my call. Most of my questions have been answered I just want to just go over the expectations for an insurance and financial services. We understood that you added a large project in the last quarter and you are anticipating another project to pick up to start in this in the quarter that we are in right now, is that correct? 
John Haley: Thats correct. Although the new project, we dont expect to be as big as the one we had in the second quarter but its in same type of M&A type of activity. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: And then is that project thats supposed to carry you forward into the fourth quarter and thats the way that you are raising the guidance for the year on that unit?  
Roger Millay: Yes. I think what we expected that this second project. Its come along will pretty much be completed in the third quarter just as the other one was completed in the fourth quarter.  Now that the third quarter is always seasonally a stronger quarter for IFS, so we have that there, we tend to have more recurring work, but in the fourth quarter thats where we look at the market conditions that produce this project in the second quarter and this one in the third quarter and we say and we think theres still be around or may be additional projects like that in the fourth quarter. We havent factored those into our forecast now. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. That is not in there. 
John Haley: No, the one in the third quarter is but not anything beyond that. Not anything that we known already have. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: And is there a pipeline that sort of takes into next year with this or is this sort of you see these deals being allocated to consultants over the next couple of quarters and then that sort of were it ends. 
John Haley: Yes. What tends to happen with these are, these are by-side and self-side activity either advising the buyer or the seller on these and they can do a rise a pretty quickly and they tend to get done pretty quickly. So, we dont have a long pipeline in terms of were were bidding on it over a period of a couple months or something like that. 
Roger Millay: And just to re-emphasize that the range that weve given is broader than in other segments. As John has been talking about, their partners project work going on that we feel good about now for this quarter, but that work is just more volatile though as you can imagine those types of projects can expand or go away and so were thats why we have the broader range because were a little bit more cautious and really projecting exact results for the second half here.
John Haley: But I think if you remember back to the beginning of the year and even in our discussion of the first quarter results, we said that we thought that IFS would benefit from some of the economic changes that have occurred in the general financial services industry and we thought that M&A was a potential upside to that and certainly weve seen that so far in the second quarter. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Can you just tell us, I mean, are you seeing more of the activity and banks, insurance companies anymore detail on there. 
John Haley: I think we tend to work more; we tend to work with insurance companies and with banks on their insurance company related activities. 
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: Okay and then, last question is just given whats going on in the just in the industry, I was just wondering if you are seeing more assets available for sale for you guys to expand your own business through acquisitions. I know you have made a number of small acquisitions, is there anything larger that you are seeing the pricing becoming more compelling? 
John Haley: Yes, I dont, when we think about acquisitions were not primarily driven by the price although we would want any acquisition we do to be some thing that will succeed on financially, but we are not looking to necessarily going to a distress assets or some thing like that.  We tend to focus first and formals on people and culture in the fit around that we look at the strategically do the two organizations fit together and then last and its decidedly the third one is does it make financial sense and we dont want to do anything that doesnt make financial sense, but as I said, if it something will have to pass the first two criteria before wed even get to that.  
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel Nicolaus: So, it doesnt sound like theres anything significant that, thats percolating because of the environment.  
John Haley: I think thats correct. Yes. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Tobey Sommer - Suntrust Robinson Humph. 
Tobey Sommer - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: Thanks. Question for you on your Investment Consulting group; you described I think pretty strong pipeline but its taking some time. Are you able to identify any changes that are in the market place that may allow that pipeline to come down for vision any faster? Thanks. 
John Haley: Yes. I think the answer to that is probably no. the pace at which were close through the pipeline tends to be dominated by the clients side, I think and its just a question of how fast they want to move on thinking about things how fast they want to move on making some changes. So, we dont anticipate that its necessarily in a pick up in the short run at all, where that there is much that we can do about that.  We think we have to just work with the clients to do that. I do think though, that we feel pretty good about the fact that there is such a strong pipeline out there, I mean, thats to my mind that was the headline for me in terms of looking at this. Then we did have a couple of notable client wins in the last quarter. So were seeing some closure activity but as you can imagine its volatile for our clients in this environment. 
Tobey Sommer - Suntrust Robinson Humphrey: One follow up and the rest of my questions have been answered. In terms of the size in relative link that its taking the close new customers, are you closing bigger opportunities in is the closing period its still kind of an expanding and lengthening pace or is it relatively stable. Thanks. 
John Haley: Yes. I dont think there is a big change in the size expect as we noted in Europe we are seeing a lot more interest in our Advanced Investment Solutions which tend to be bigger projects that were doing and bigger, longer term relationships which is something we like. Just mention, the majority of consulting revenues are in Europe and the constant currency forecast for Investment Consulting in Europe really hasnt changed. Its North America and Asia where we are still building the practice and anticipating most of the growth to come from new clients, thats where weve lowered our expectations a little bit.  
Operator: Your next question comes from Josh Vogel  Sidoti & Co. 
Josh Vogel  Sidoti & Co.: Good morning. Thank you for taking my call and my questions. Most of my questions have been hit up, but could you just remind us the exposure you have to Europe across each segment. I know Investment Consulting and Insurance of finance is north of 70% but what about for the other segments? 
John Haley: I can give some rough numbers there. In Benefits, I think about 45% of our revenues are from Europe. Now I guess, as the pound in Euro dropped that maybe a little lower even that was the beginning of the year number. In TASS its about 40% of our revenues are from Europe. HCJs about 28% are from Europe. In Investment Consulting, its a little bit over 70%, about 72% are from Europe and then IFS actually has the biggest, that is about 75% are from Europe.  
Roger Millay: And just to reemphasize what John said, those numbers were based on I guess the last; I think the last fiscal year or so.  
John Haley: No. They took in [Inaudible] because we had.  
Roger Millay: They are probably a little bit lower or maybe a little lower going forward.  
John Haley: Not too much though because they had been up at like 79%, I think for IFS saying that 75% or so. 
Josh Vogel  Sidoti & Co.: Okay, great. Thats helpful and just a little bit on the house-keeping side. What was in the other income of 1.7 million? What was in there? 
Roger Millay: We sold our multi-employer pension business last year. I think not quite a year ago and we get a share of revenues, basically that was the proceeds for that sale. We got a share of revenues. It just started coming in this quarter because a portion, there was debt financing in the deal until the proceeds exceeded the debt we werent allowed to recognize the earning itself. So that is going to come in over the next several years probably about $1 million a quarter or so.  Just to mention so in the affiliating account thats a PCIC the insurance business that we have a minority interest in.  
Josh Vogel  Sidoti & Co.: Actually my next question is just your guidance for Q3 .Are you baking in any income from PCIC? 
Roger Millay: PCIC is difficult; it tends to bounce around quite a bit. So we dont put projections in for that, but we do have the mutli employer business projected in our estimates. 
Operator: Your next question comes from Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird & Co. 
Mark Marcon- Robert W. Baird & Co: I was just wondering if you could talk a little bit about how the strong project in IFS ended up potentially impacting kind of like how you accrued for bonuses across the organization. Does it all go to the people in IFS or would there be a positive impact across the entire organization. 
John Haley: Well what we do Mark is we accrued for our bonuses at the company level during the course of the year. When we get to the end of the year, we have a distribution message which distributes bonuses and its based essentially 25% on how the company as a whole did 25% on how the particular geographic region did and 50% on how the regional practice did and that gives us sort of pools for people use and then we looked o the practices within each of the regions to distribute the bonus to individuals.  So when IFS has a good year that increases the regional practice component significantly whoever did that, but it also increases the regional component of the rest of the geographic region they are in and it increases the overall company component for everybody. Similarly, associates in IFS gain when Benefits has good year.
Mark Marcon- Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay, great and then, just in terms of the size and scope, you have this other IFS project its coming on, but it sounds like you have others in the pipeline as well. Would you expect that the one that you just did would be the largest of any of them or could some of the other ones be just as big? 
John Haley: We expect when we just state it would be largest. 
Mark Marcon- Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay and nothing even on a cumulative basis the other ones wouldnt from that to its size. 
John Haley: Yes, I mean, we have and so the visibility we have is that we see a project that we are working on right now in the third quarter, that is not by a good bit, as the one we just finished in the second quarter and then we look at a market which we think could generate some more of these and its hard for us to say about how cumulatively the others could affect it, but we can tell you of the first two, the first one was much bigger than the second.  
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird & Co: And the first one didnt run over until this quarter? 
Roger Millay : Not really now. 
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird & Co: And then, can you just this is a qualitative question that obviously as the quarter unfolded the severity of the downturn intensified and Im just wondering if qualitatively if you can talk a little about, how your clients were reacting broad scope as they saw things intensifying and going into January and then, in terms of what sort of feed back are you getting from your various practice managers? 
John Haley: Yes, I mean, I guess that the problem is that there is no way to give sort of what is a aggregate client reaction, because it depends so much on the specific practices. 
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird & Co: So, certainly this was a positive, in certain areas its a negative right? 
John Haley: Yes, exactly right and so I think if you go back to the sort of commentary that we gave on each of the individual practices that probably gives you a sense of what the reactions are from clients, but I think that its just varies significantly.  
Operator: Your next question comes from Andrew Fones - UBS. 
Andrew Fones - UBS: Yes. Thank you. I just had a question on expenses; the professional and subcontracted services, even I think just in for currency was down year-over-year. I realize its a long pay. If there is anything trails there and perhaps if you could we should think about whether a lot of those services are used by anyone of your particular businesses and nice trend with that going forward and then the second question was on the occupancy and communications, you did a good job of keeping cost stand there too and whether we should expect that continue to remain relatively allowing them to year-over-year consequence growth. Thanks. 
John Haley: It sounds like a question for Roger. 
Andrew Fones - UBS: It sounds like a question for later may be.  
Roger Millay : Yes. Certainly, currency I dont have anything in my fingertips that can do a variance analysis for you there. Certainly currency is one of the impactors and makes it difficult to compare the financial statements. I will say broadly that as John indicated earlier, we started I would say, at least early in the quarter strong focus on the costs every where and so I think youll see currency aside you will see in the occupancy and other line.  On going discipline in that area and certainly in occupancy and I think its commercial real estate markets continues to soften and leases role over will be all the drive we think more favorable leases. So I think you see continued discipline and other than that I dont think I have any specific comments, but we can take a look at and follow up with you if you like. 
Operator: Mr. Haley, there is no additional questions at this time. 
John Haley: Okay. Well, again thanks to every one for joining us and we look forward to reviewing our third quarter results with you in May.  
Operator: Thank you for your participation in todays conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day.  
 and are :
Seeking Alpha and either link to the original transcript or to www.SeekingAlpha.com. All other use is prohibited.:
THE INFORMATION CONTAINED HERE IS A TEXTUAL REPRESENTATION OF THE APPLICABLE COMPANY'S : If you have any additional questions about our online transcripts, please contact us at: transcripts@seekingalpha.com. Thank you!

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-08-12 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Malone - Director of IR John J. Haley - President and CEO Carl D. Mautz - VP and CFO Roger F. Millay - CFO
Analysts: Andrew Fones - UBS T.C. Robillard - Bank of America Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc Securities Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Watson Wyatt Worldwide Fourth Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. My name is Silvana. I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation to your host for today's call, Ms. Mary Malone, Director of Investor Relations. You may proceed.
Mary Malone - Director of Investor Relations: Good morning. This is Mary Malone, Director of Investor Relations at Watson Wyatt Worldwide. Welcome to our conference call to discuss our results for the fourth quarter and full year of fiscal year 2008, as well as our guidance for fiscal year 2009. I am here today with John Haley, Watson Wyatt's President and Chief Executive Officer, Carl Mautz, our Chief Financial Officer, who is preparing for retirement and Roger Millay who will succeed Carl as our CFO. After some brief prepared remarks we will open the conference call for your questions. Please refer to our website for this morning's press release. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone for the next week by dialing 617-801-6888 confirmation number 69831798. The replay will also be available for the next three months via the company's website at www.watsonwyatt.com. There are a few slides at the company... the financial section of our presentation and you may log on to our website to obtain those slides. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements among others regarding expected financial and operating performance. Any statements made during this call that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. You are cautioned that these statements may be affected by among others the important factors set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in today's news release and that consequently actual operations and results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as provided by the Federal Securities Laws. At this time I'll turn the conference call over to John Haley.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Mary. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us today. I'm very pleased to share the results of another strong quarter capping an impressive fiscal year. Our revenues for the fiscal year increased to $1.76 billion, an 18% increase over prior year. On an organic basis excluding the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency movements, our revenues increased 8% over prior year. For the year we achieved $3.50 in diluted earnings per share, a 34% increase over the prior year. Our revenues for the quarter increased to $454 million, an increase of 17% over the prior year. On an organic basis our revenues increased 10% over prior year fourth quarter. Our segment revenue growth on a constant currency basis was very strong in four of our segments during the quarter, 15% in benefits, 21% in Technology and Administration Solutions, 13% in Human Capital Group and 25% in Investment Consulting. Insurance and Financial Services declined 5% on a constant currency basis. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $0.95. This is a 34% increase over the prior period and $0.71 per share. Our EPS growth resulted from strong revenue growth, the increase in our affiliate income and the decreases in our shares outstanding and income tax rate. Our business performed very well, especially in light of economic conditions. We're cautiously optimistic about revenue growth in fiscal 2009 and Carl will give full guidance for the next fiscal year in his remarks. In terms of demand, companies still need our services and we will continue to benefit from increasing complexity generally whether around regulatory reform or sophisticated investment possibilities. From a strategic standpoint, we're going to stay focused on what we do best, even more so in light of economic conditions. First, we're focused on clients. We will continue to be on top of the issues and pressures they are facing and we're orchestrating our services to meet those needs. Internally, we continue to focus on financial and operational discipline. With our strong balance sheet, we want to use the economic uncertainty to strengthen our hand even more. For example, we're hiring aggressively in the investment practice and making strategic hires in other practices. We also think there is real opportunity to grow market share in our carefully defined target market especially among the world's largest multinationals. We continue to look for strategic acquisitions to fill geographic holes and strengthen our practices. Now, let's review each of our segments beginning with Benefits. For the year, Benefits Group revenues were $993 million, an increase of 21% over prior year and 18% on a constant currency basis. On an organic basis, excluding acquisitions and foreign currency movements, Benefits revenues increased 6%. For the quarter, Benefits Group revenues were $255 million, up 17% from prior year and 15% on a constant currency basis. We experienced increased demand for our services in all geographic regions. Our growth in Europe was especially strong even after consideration of our German acquisition, earlier this year. Excluding acquisitions and currency movements, organic growth for the practice was 8%. This growth is even after the spin-off of our multi-employer retirement business in North America. We continue to assist companies around the world with the complex issues they face around the design and administration of their employee retirement benefits. As companies continue to evaluate the trade-offs between cost, risk and workforce management, we anticipate that there will continue to be global demand for our retirement services. Our healthcare consulting practice had another strong quarter. While this is still a small part of our overall benefits practiced, it is experiencing solid growth. With healthcare costs continuing to increase, employers are turning to a number of options to improve employee health into controlled healthcare costs. According to a survey that we conducted with the National Business Group on Health, healthcare cost increases for companies with high participation and consumer directed health plans are roughly half those of companies offering traditional health coverage. Consumer directed health plans are cost effective health and welfare programs that encourage workers to adopt healthier lifestyles and to become smarter healthcare consumers. With many companies focused on containing the cost of healthcare benefits, we expect the demand for our healthcare consulting services will continue to grow. Now let's move on to Technology and Administrative Solutions Group. For the year revenues were $183 million, a 16% increase over prior year and 14% on a constant currency basis. For the quarter, revenues were $48 million, up 21% from prior year and 21% on a constant currency basis. We have stronger than expected demand for services at existing clients in North America and therefore our revenues are better than forecasted. Our revenues in North America continue to increase as the number of pension administration and health and welfare outsourcing assignments in ongoing service delivery increased. We had 142 projects in service delivery at the end of June 2008, up from 84 at the end of June 2007. These projects are of varying size and are in addition to more than 100 systems that we had implemented prior to the change in accounting rules in 2004. You will recall that we don't recognize revenues until projects move into ongoing services delivery, which is after project implementation. At the end of June 2008 we had another 50 projects in implementation. Companies continue to take a selective approach to outsourcing their HR technology and functions. Selective outsourcing is growing so popular because it can be tailored to meet an organization's exact needs. For most organizations this means outsourcing routine transaction-oriented processes while refocusing the HR department on more strategic issues. Many companies report that selective outsourcing best meets their needs for access to leading edge technologies while leveraging their own capabilities and improving employee experience in service levels. The key to successful outsourcing is finding the solutions that fit the organization's needs and culture. The economic strain some companies are facing will only add to the reasons to choose selective outsourcing. As this practice matures in North America and we have more clients in ongoing service delivery, the clients with projects and implementation will become less significant to our total performance. We continue to see some price competition and we will only pursue profitable growth. Our number of projects and implementation has declined slightly from last quarter but we're experiencing steady growth. Our associates continue to be very busy in part by expanding the services provided to existing clients. We continue to be pleased with our retention rate. We're also performing well in Europe and have excellent retention there too. The outsourcing of benefits administration is a mature market in the UK. We are one of the major players and we continue to win new clients. We are excited about the client wins we had this fiscal year and our European team is very busy with the new client installs. We tend to have lower margins during the installation period and Carl will discuss this further when he provides the guidance for fiscal 2009. We have compelling technology and outsourcing offerings that suit the markets we serve. We expect good profitable growth opportunities will continue to be available. Next let me turn to the Human Capital Group. For the year revenues were $196 million, a 15% increase over prior year and 12% on a constant currency basis. For the quarter revenues were $51 million, up 16% from prior year and 13% on a constant currency basis. We experienced growth in both Human Capital consulting projects and data services. Demand was especially strong for both executive compensation and broadbased employee compensation programs. Inflation has been in the news not just in the U.S. but globally. Unlike currency there are no hedging strategies related to people costs. The impact of inflation on people cost is real and can be difficult to manage. In times of global inflation, many companies look to us for reputable market data and related consulting. We except demand for our services will continue. Now I'll discuss the Insurance and Financial Services Group. For the year revenues were $119 million, an increase of 4% over prior year, but flat on a constant currency basis. For the quarter, revenues were $29 million, a 2% decline from prior-year and a 5% decline on a constant currency basis. The decline in revenues is due to fewer large projects in Europe this fiscal year than in past years. The practice continues to perform well in Asia and we had modest revenue growth in North America. We will make some investment in our life insurance consulting practice in North America in FY09. We believe we've rightsized our organization for a profitable growth in Europe and Asia next fiscal year. Lastly, Investment Consulting ends the fiscal year with another great quarter. For the year revenues were $169 million, an increase of 31% over prior year or 27% on a constant currency basis. For the quarter, revenues were $43 million, up 26% from prior year and 25% on a constant currency basis. We continue to see strong demand for all of our services, particularly advice on investment strategy. In today's complex investment markets, pension funds continue to be challenged with how best to turn today's plan assets into tomorrow's retirement income. Funds continue to seek advice on how to ride out crises, how to make the most of long time horizons and how to provide good value for money. The current market continues to be challenging for many investors. We expect strong demand for our investment consulting services to continue although market conditions have impacted liquidity and pricing for those clients who wished to hedge liability risks and this may impact the pace at which projects can be executed. Wrapping up, we performed well despite the challenging economic times. We're cautiously optimistic that we will continue to grow in each of our practices next fiscal year. Now, I'll turn the call over to Carl.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you John and good morning to everyone. As you've just heard, we had a strong finish to our fiscal 2008. For the year, we achieved revenues of $1.76 billion and diluted earnings per share of $3.50. For the quarter, we reported revenues of $454 million and diluted earnings per share of $0.95. Our results this quarter were helped by the $2.7 million of affiliate income, our continued share repurchases and a low income tax rate. Our operating margin was down slightly this quarter. The Benefits Group had a 29% margin for the year, an increase from 27% last year. For the quarter, the Benefits Group had a 30% margin, up from 29% in the fourth quarter of last year. These margins are consistent with our expectations of full year margins in the high 20% range. Technology and Administration Solutions had a 26% margin for the year, an increase from 23% last year. The increase over prior year is due primarily to the one-time work in North America. For the quarter, Technology and Administration Solutions had a 26 % margin, up from 24% in the fourth quarter of last year. These margins again are consistent with our expectations of the mid 20% range. Human Capital Group had an 18% margin for the year, an increase from 14% last year. For the year we achieved margin improvement in all geographic regions especially in North America. For the quarter, Human Capital Group had a 15% margin, up from 11% in the fourth quarter of last year. For the quarter we achieved notable margin improvement in North America and Asia Pacific. Insurance and Financial Services had a 2% margin for the year, a decrease from 17% last year. For the quarter, Insurance and Financial Services had a negative 1% margin, down from 14% in the fourth quarter of last year. Margins in the fourth quarter were depressed as we encouraged some non-recurring charges to rightsize the cost structure of the practice in both North America and Europe. Investment Consulting had a 35% margin for the year, an increase from 31% last year. For the quarter, Investment Consulting had a 35% margin, up from 32% in the fourth quarter of last year. This quarter's margin improvement was due to continued strong performance in Europe. The segment margins that we have just reviewed are before consideration of discretionary compensation and other unallocated corporate cost such as amortization of intangibles resulting from our acquisition. Our full-year operating income margin was 12.9%, an increase from 12.1% last year. We achieved this margin improvement in spite of increased non-cash amortization from the acquisition. For the quarter, our operating income margin was 11.3%, a decline from 12.4% in the prior year quarter. The quarter-over-quarter decline is due to an increase in reimbursable expenses, the seasonality of [inaudible] and the timing of similar occupancy and other expenses. Net income for the year was $155 million, an increase from $116 million last year. Net income for the quarter was $42 million, up from $32 million in the prior year. Fully diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.95 compared to prior year fourth quarter earnings per share of $0.71. Moving to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $124 million of cash and no debt. We also used $29 million to repurchase shares during the quarter pursuant to our $100 million share repurchase bringing us to total share repurchases of $45 million at the end of the quarter. We expect to complete our $100 million share repurchase by November 2008. Our business will continue to generate strong cash flows and this year we reported $284 million in cash flows from operations. Now, let's review our guidance for fiscal 2009. The slides posted on our website may be helpful for following along in this section. Please note that our forward-looking guidance assumes the strengthening of the U.S. dollar during fiscal 2009 and this negatively impacts revenue growth and profit growth to some extent. We are assuming exchange rate of $1.99 to the British pound for the first half of fiscal year and the exchange of $1.95 to the British pound for the back half of the fiscal year. We have assumed an exchange rate of $1.55 to the euro in the first quarter that steadily drops to $1.47 to the euro by the fourth quarter with an average of about $1.51 to the euro for the fiscal year. For fiscal 2009, we're expecting revenues of $1.85 billion to $1.9 billion, an increase of approximately 5% to 8% over fiscal 2008. Our revenue guidance by segment can be found on slide three. We are expecting diluted earnings per share of $3.70 to $3.77 for fiscal 2009, an increase of approximately 6% to 8% over fiscal 2008. Fundamentally, we are cautiously optimistic about fiscal '09. We've not yet seen many signs of a real slowdown in the business but the signs of economic concern are all around us. As a result, we are forecasting revenue growth considerably with a greater opportunity to upside than downside and the commensurate effect on the bottom line. Even in these cautious times, we are forecasting revenue growth and are investing for further opportunity particularly in the Investment Consulting practice. Now, I'll walk you through the revenue and margin guidance for each of the segments. Let's start with Benefit. Our Benefit's revenue guidance is 3% to 6% growth in fiscal 2009. Normalizing benefits for the multi-employer business that we exited in fiscal 2008, revenue growth would be 4% to 7%. Benefit ended fiscal 2008 strong. There was uncertain economic conditions, we assumed growth at the low end of our longer-term range. At this time, we think there is probably a greater possibility of exceeding our forecast than falling short. However, we recognize these are uncertain times. We expect margins will continue to be in the high 20% range in fiscal 2009. Moving on to the Technology and Administration Solutions Group, we expect revenue growth of 3% to 6% in fiscal 2009. This growth is slightly lower than our longer term expected growth of 5% to 8%. In Europe, we anticipate constant currency growth in fiscal 2009 that is slightly higher than what we achieved in fiscal 2008. In North America, we are expecting our growth rate to decline in fiscal 2009. You will recall that in fiscal 2008, we had approximately $4 million of non-recurring revenues due to system modification made in response to the Pension Protection Act. We are not anticipating yet those will recur. We are also not projecting many new projects in North America in fiscal 2009, as the Pension Administration business and the Benefits enrolment business mature, we expect that more of our growth in North America will come from expansion of services to existing clients. We've got... saw this begin in fiscal 2008. We are encouraged that this price will continue to grow in the down economy. Again we think there is greater chance of hitting this forecast than missing it. We expect margins will be in the low to mid 20% range and probably slightly lower than fiscal 2008. We are investing in our talent management software in North America and in a new few clients in Europe, both of which are contributing to the margin decline. Additionally, the non-recurring revenues in fiscal 2008 had no incremental costs. Now let's turn to the Human Capital Group. We expect revenue growth of 9% to 12% in fiscal 2009. This growth is consistent with the longer-term growth expectations for this practice. We also expect margins will continue to be in the high teens in fiscal 2009. Now we'll discuss Insurance and Financial Services. We expect fiscal 2009 to be a year of recovery for this practice. We are expecting revenue growth of 4% to 7%. We are continuing to build our practice in Asia and expect Asia will account for about a third of the revenue growth. We are expecting modest revenue growth in Europe, but more significant income growth driven by our rightsizing activities in fiscal 2008. We are focused on growing our life insurance consulting practice in North America, we expect margins will be in the high single digits. Lastly, we expect Investment Consulting revenues will increase 18% to 21% in fiscal 2009. We are planning to expand our team, especially in Europe in fiscal 2009. We expect margins will be in the low 30% range. After taking into account the year-over-year margin declines in the Technology and Investment Consulting Groups, we are not expecting to achieve year-over-year margin improvement. The investments we are making position us well for future growth. Our fiscal 2009 cost structure can support more revenues that we are anticipating in fiscal 2009. Our diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2009 are expected to be in the range of $3.70 to $3.77, a 6% to 8% increase over fiscal 2008. This guidance assumes a 32.9% tax rate for the year and weighted average shares outstanding of 42.8 million for the year. We are also expecting $4 million of other income in fiscal 2009, due to payments we will receive from the acquires of our multi-employer business. We expect first quarter revenues to range from $433 million to $442 million, and diluted earnings per share to a range from $0.82 to $0.85. First quarter revenue guidance by segment is presented on slide four. In summary, we recognized that these are uncertain economic times and we are predicting solid growth for fiscal 2009.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Carl. Before we take your questions, I would like to take this moment to wish my good friend Carl well in retirement and thank him for his service to the firm. I think Carl, we've concluded, this is our 32nd earnings call and every one of them have been a pleasure. So I'm grateful for your counsel and your friendship over the years. It's also my pleasure to welcome Carl's successor, Roger Millay. Roger will not officially join the firm until August 18, but we thought sitting in today's call would be helpful to his transition and Roger, I appreciate your making the time to come down and sit with us through this call. Of course you can hold Roger responsible for anything we're saying today and you can ask him any questions. Roger brings impressive experience to the role and I look forward to working closely with him. Now Carl and I will take any questions you may have. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And the first question comes from the line of Andrew Fones from UBS. You may proceed, sir.
Andrew Fones - UBS: Thanks. Yes, I'd like to add my best wishes to Carl.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Andrew.
Andrew Fones - UBS: On the technology business, could you help us understand how long it will take you to work through your current backlog of projects that you are currently implementing? Thanks.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Let me talk to that and I'd like to talk to both the North American and the European businesses because they're both in some growth situations from [inaudible]. As you note in North America the number of projects in the implementation is down a little bit year-over-year. We are finding the marketplace increasingly price competitive and feel that taking on unprofitable projects is not something in the company's best interest so we've not pursued that. I mentioned that simply to note that the level of activity still seems to be holding pretty well. Those 50 projects will probably drive us... deliver revenue growth through the bulk of 2009 and perhaps a little bit into early the following year. We will continue of course to watch the marketplace closely and be bidding on projects where we believe we have an opportunity for profitable revenue growth. In the UK and this is the interesting one, we see some significant growth, there were a number of very significant wins in Europe this year. Ten major clients and some smaller ones, the preparation for that... for those taking those new clients on and bringing them in house has already started and you'll see a little bit of margin pressure in the early quarters of '09, but we will start to see revenue growth coming from them also in the back half of the year. So you should see a slight reduction in the growth rate in the early part of the year. A little bit of compression in the margins and then that opening back up again in the back half of the year.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well just to be clear, I mean these 10 major clients that new clients that we have in the UK as Carl says, the way the model works there when we are doing the implementation we can't charge for all of that works. So we'll be doing we'll be having some people working hard on getting all these things ready and then they'll be... then they'll be running profitably. These ten are all really big name clients, one of them is the largest such project we've ever sold. So we're really excited about the prospects forward. It just means our margins will be down a little bit in 2009.
Andrew Fones - UBS: Okay. Thanks. And then, if I could touch on the insurance business, could you just help us understand the impact of the restructuring and the cost savings from that and how that's likely to start the kind of rolling, will we see most of it in Q1 or will it start more in Q2 and so forth? Thanks.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The margin impacts from that will occur of course as the revenue [inaudible] we had completed the rightsizing that was largely in Europe. If you look at the press release and see the headcounts, you will notice that the headcounts have dramatically changed because while we have rightsized in Europe, we've taken advantage of opportunity to grow the business and hire some key folks in Asia but the cost for that rightsizing were all taken care of in fiscal 2008. We would expect those margins to start recovering reasonably rapidly as the revenue starts to come.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I mean, I really think Andrew, I just echo what Carl said. I think we should start to see improvement immediately, it would be our expectation. We did have $900,000 of non-recurring charges in the fourth quarter which were related to the rightsizing and as Carl says there was... a lot of this was some shift of building up some capabilities in some areas of the world and then yet having fewer people in some other areas. So it was a matter of not just the rightsizing in terms of just bringing people having fewer people but also balancing it out and growing in some areas.
Andrew Fones  UBS: Okay. Thanks. And then one final, kind of high-level question. In terms of the use of cash, $124 million of cash, no debt, obviously, you got some bonus payments to make here but how's the acquisition pipeline looking, do you have any thoughts to perhaps buying back some stock here? Thanks.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. Well, I mean I think as we've always said about cash, we look at the best possible use of that is to do an acquisition and next best is if we can't do an acquisition, we'd probably be to return to the shareholders in some form. Back in February, where we talked about doing the $100 million acquisition, I think we got a question from somebody as to why were we doing a $150 million, and why weren't we doing more like a $150 million or so on that. One of the answers we gave then was even if we were doing the $100 million as fast as we could, we didn't expect to finish till November. So I think, until we get through this, it really doesn't make too much sense to think about whether we would be buying back shares, so we're still trying to complete this one right now. In terms of acquisitions, we are constantly looking for acquisitions. We are constantly talking about them. We have a relatively conservative approach to acquisitions. It's my personal belief that you probably need to do about at least seven or eight good acquisitions for every bad one. So we continue to be careful at looking at them but if we could find the rate of acquisition we'd be anxious to complete that.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Andrew, let me just give a little color around cash flow so you just know what to expect. As you know, that we've got $124 million on the balance sheet as we come to the end of this fiscal year, we'll pay out significant bonuses, the bonus pool, spend at about $184 million so that gives you an idea from the cash demand that we'll see in the first quarter. As usual the first quarter has a negative cash impact when we pay bonuses and taxes. We expect to borrow some money in the first quarter, pay that down so that we are completely out of debt and well ahead by the end of next fiscal year. But you should expect to see some modest debt at the end of the first quarter and then try reducing to the remainder of the year.
Andrew Fones - UBS: Got it. Thank you, that was helpful.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of T.C. Robillard from Bank of America Securities. You may proceed.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America: Thank you, good morning guys.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America: [inaudible] Carl. Again, congratulations on the retirement.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America: Just wanted to just drill down a little bit more on the operating margin I mean, I think you guys definitely gave some good clarity on it. I just want to make sure, I am understanding something because when I looked at the... the fourth quarter results you saw a pretty good year-on-year increase in both the occupancy and on the salary side. I mean, the salary side obviously sounds like some hiring particularly in Asia, but what drove the occupancy line? I mean is that... is some of that tied in with the Benefits practice or I'm sorry, with the Technology practice or is there something else there that, that I may be missing?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Couple of things, you see the couple of... the insight that will be helpful. First of all, we negotiated our way out some extra space in New York. We got a $1 million lease provision there to take care of that lease loss. You also have the German acquisitions pulling into all the numbers and that makes it different quarter over quarter.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Including the salary.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, yes. You should recognize that the seasonality of the company is fundamentally changing a bit and you start in the fourth quarter, I think we talked about it in May, but the German business has a very strong December quarter and a March quarter, all of their profit comes in those two quarters and by the end of the... end of the fourth quarter there is actually some negative impact on the margin. So you should expect to see a seasonality that's much more like what we've just been through, we'll return to more... our more normal margins in the first quarter of next year.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America: Okay and then on...
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Did that help?
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America: Yes, absolutely, thank you. What drove the lower tax rate in the quarter, I apologize if you had said that, I missed it on the prepared remarks.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I didn't say it. Fundamentally the issue with the tax rate is where in the geography around the world the income is generated. And we do our best to forecast that, spend a fair amount of time at it, but if the European business does better and I'm going to say the horrible thing, the actual truth of Europe.. we have lower tax rates in the UK than we do in the U.S., for all of you to note. So when we get strong performance in the UK it does wonderful things to our tax rate.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America: So how should... what's your earnings guidance based on from a tax rate standpoint, is it off of kind of a lower kind of 30% to 32% or is it... or should we still be thinking about kind of a 33%, 35% rate?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You should be thinking about a high 32, maybe a... if you guess 33% you'll certainly be safe, my guess is a little bit of opportunity against that. But again, it's a matter of how the European business performed in relation to the North American business to see who has the larger slug in the income.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: But our guidance did assume that the tax rate is a little worse in FY '09 than in FY '08.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct. We did 32.1% for the year in '08, we're forecasting at 32.9%.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America: Okay. And then on the discretionary comp. Can you remind me how we should be thinking about that as we're going forward, I mean should that grow roughly in line with pretax income or do you guys think about that a different way. I mean I know you guys accrue for that each quarter. I'm just trying to figure out how we should be thinking about that from a modeling perspective.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We're actually growing the bonus pool and net income at the same rate. So that... so you have a little bit of an iteration there but that's where you should model it.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America: Okay.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That roughly gets you to the point of growing them both at pre-bonus level except at this year, we're expecting, you heard me reference that $4 million of royalties that we'll be getting from our spin-off business from last... that we spun off last year. So that will move that equation just a little bit.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America: Okay. And then just a quick housekeeping, and I'll jump in the queue. What were shares out at June 30?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: 42... that's right here. 42.8.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America: 42.8. Great, thanks guys.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar from Citigroup. You may proceed.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Thanks. Nice results, John and Carl.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Hi Ashwin. It's nice to give a message here.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Last time I'm saying nice results, John and Carl, hopefully next time I'll say nice results, John and Roger.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: I am sure that you will.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Roger likes that idea a lot, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Roger, welcome.
Roger F. Millay - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: One of the factors that is given in matter of caution has been sort of line of thinking that says the impact of regulatory reform is one-time in nature with a possible falloff at the back end of such change. My question is what has been your experience with the early adopters of this form? Will it just form a bigger base or does the revenues from those clients drop off?
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I mean Ashwin, as you recall during the last few years as we've had these various regulatory or legislative changes come in. I've been consistently of the opinion that the short-term impact would be a lot less than people thought and the longer-term impact would be longer lasting. And I continue to think that's right, I think so far the results have indicated that belief.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: So you're saying that the base has gotten bigger?
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think what happens is you tend to have a more complex environment, it doesn't tend to be a big bank where there is just a whole lot of work and it disappears.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Okay. Now, in terms of... and I missed this when you're talking about the admin margins, did the margin pressure due to the UK ramps? Until when do you expect that to last, so how long are these ramps?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I would expect that the pressure will be in the first couple of quarters this year, and you will start to see some improvement, the revenue growth starts to kick in as these clients come on board and the upfront costs, which are largely training and as well as it can't be capitalized or completed.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Okay. And investment consulting is something going on in the first quarter. It seems to be a little drop-off in the growth rate or is it just a comp issue?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The investment consulting, I would first of all, they're coming off of a very strong year. So I'm not surprised that the growth rates are coming down a little bit. We expect to do some significant hiring in the early part of this year and then through much of the year. Those people will need a chance to get up to speed, but we think that there is lots of opportunity [inaudible] the investment.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Okay. The income from affiliates? What was that?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We basically have one affiliate, it's our captive insurance company that we own about a third of I guess and we have little visibility, this flows from their creation or release of loss reserves and in this case none of it was related to any of our own cases, it was all coming from other members, other owners that when they release reserves or have to create loss reserves we pick up our share of that and that's what has happened here.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Okay, now I remember going back to October of last year following the divestiture that you had. There was an expectation I believe that your insurance rates would go down at some point, is that happening in fiscal 09?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In actuality, yes we do have a slight reduction in our insurance costs from '09 to '08.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: We do think that the divestiture as a multi-employer practice is probably longer term where we'll really get the benefit from that, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Okay and my last question and then I'll just hop back in the queue is with regards to... exchange rates have moved obviously unfavorably within the last week or so, is there a view amongst you guys to take sort of a... more of a hedging kind of an approach, I mean you guys don't hedge currently, right?
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: We do not try to hedge, certainly not the P&L, we do have some situations where we are having to move currencies back and forth between legal entities and we do watch that pretty carefully, but fundamentally we're not trying to hedge the P&L at all.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No and we think that would be expensive to try to do something like that. We, fundamentally though we tend to have... our people tend to be in the areas where we're operating there and so we have a large portion of our cost there too.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: You have a natural hedge at the income line getting both revenue and expense.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's not like we are building a product all in one country and then selling it and distributing it in different countries around the world and we have all of our costs in one country and all the revenue in different ones. So we tend to have that natural hedge anyway.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Right now it's weighed more about the cancellation impact on revenues given what's... given the potential for a stronger unit.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I mean we've taken that into account to be as to the best we can in our guidance and one of the reasons even the years when the currency was helping us, we kept on focusing on the constant currency even though the other results were higher just because we think that that's probably the best long run indicator of what's going on with the business and we still think that's the thing we're focused on for next year.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Okay, great. Thank you guys
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Brandt Sakakeeny from Deutsche Banc. You may proceed.
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc Securities: Thanks, Carl congratulations on...
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc Securities: Great help, thanks. On the CapEx, could you give us numbers for both your plans for capitalized software costs as well as PP&E for '09.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: For '09 PP&E, we were looking about $44 million. We got major office buildouts going on and Mary is writing me a note so that I can give you a CapEx number... 5 million?
Mary Malone - Director of Investor Relations: No, about the same as this year.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: About the same as this year. Thank you. I didn't have that number at the tip of my tongue.
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc Securities: Okay, so for the capitalized offer [ph], did you say 20 million?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: We can just flip to my model, yes.
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc Securities: So, 66 total in CapEx?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, yes.
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc Securities: Great and just on the insurance forecast for FY09, that seems obviously better than what you did in FY08? What are the principal reasons behind, behind the recovery there?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'm sorry, I didn't get the first part of your question. Which [inaudible].
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc Securities: Yes, in the end of FY '09 forecast, it looks to be an improvement from FY '08.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc Securities: Just wanted to push that a little bit and find out what are the factors sort of behind the expectations?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. We had... we continue to have great expectations and strong performance in Asia last year that we'll continue with the practice, you'll see a greater increase in profitability than you do in revenue because we've rightsized in Europe. I'm cautious [inaudible] tell me I shouldn't be quite so cautious but we think we're... that's where the revenue growth is going to come from.
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc Securities: Okay, are you gaining any traction in the U.S.?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We've rightsized the U.S. business also so that it can become profitable. We're not getting the kind of traction we'd like to have. The life... we're going to continue to build the life business and to we can make of that, but fundamentally, we're not getting the kind of traction we would like to have.
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc Securities: All right, great and John, do you mind just talking to the acquisition pipeline, really just specifically are there geographies or practices that you're really focused on right now for FY '09 and FY '10?
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I mean, I think Brandt there is a... there is a number of potential acquisitions we are looking at out there. I would say most of them are not necessarily all that big. There is nothing that we see is a big hole the way we saw not having significant operations in Germany or the Netherlands. We thought those were big holes that needed to be filled. I don't think we see the same, I think we see some interesting opportunities out there, but nothing that is sort of a burning need the way those were.
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc Securities: Okay, great, thanks very much and welcome to Roger as well.
Roger F. Millay - Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon from R.W. Baird. You may proceed.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Hi, good morning and congratulations to the entire team.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Obviously, great congratulations to Carl and welcome, Roger, I have heard some great things about you.
Roger F. Millay - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks very much.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Wondering, with regards to the Investment Consulting division. John, you mentioned a little bit about the uncertainty out there. I was wondering if you could amplify your comments a little bit or expand on with regards to what are some of the positives and some of the minuses that we could face this year in the investment consulting arena and particularly you mentioned there is volatility and so maybe there's... it seemed like that would be a positive but it also sounded like you were cautioning that there could be some negative ramifications from that as well?
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I think you first of all in general if we look back over the longer run for our Investment Consulting model, when you tend to have... when you tend to have tough times, people tend to look for more investment consulting and so we've... we tend to see downtimes as something where maybe that's not so bad for the whole Investment Consulting model. In the remarks I was talking about our market conditions impacting liquidity and pricing for clients wanting to hedge liability risks and so what we were really saying is the possibilities for them to be doing some sophisticated hedging may not be there as much next year as they had been that year and it could hurt that particular part of the business. Overall though we've had several years of very high growth for investment consulting. We're still thinking we're going to grow at a very high rate for next year and in fact, indeed we think we're going to grow at a very high rate for several more years at least. Maybe not quite as high as the last few years but we still think that this is a very attractive business and one which is going to continue to do well. One of the things that is impacting it a little bit is we are investing in this business. We're looking to hire a fair number of people and to expand our capability. So we think now is exactly the right time to be doing that. So that's bringing down the margins a little bit. I think we're hiring about 85 people is what we're bringing in but overall, I think we're reasonably bullish and I think if you were to ask me in general tough times probably add more to investment consulting rather than subtract from it.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay, so you were just talking about that one particular facet, but on the balance things should [inaudible]?
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Right, I was just... exactly, I was just talking about that one particular facet. Now to the extent we get success fees for doing better than benchmarks. We've gotten some success fees over the last few years, that's been in an up market. Will we also perform better if there is a down market or something, I think that remains to be seen too.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay, and then can you talk, you've made some comments about obviously the economy is on everybody's mind, when you're making your comments with regards to just being consciously optimistic and obviously the economy being the negative constrain. Were you referring specifically to the U.S. or were you making comments on a worldwide basis and I'm wondering what are you hearing from your international offices as it relates to demand for services on a global basis given the economic uncertainties, do you see the fear spreading or are people still fairly sanguine?
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think, I would say that there is two components to this. First of all, we were talking on a global basis about... when we were mentioning uncertainty. If we look at the... just what's happening with our business and what's happening with our clients. I think, we don't see... things still look pretty strong, things have looked strong all of fiscal '08, they look strong at the moment right now and so we're feeling pretty good about what's going on. We can't help but look at the world around us though and note that there is a lot of people with a lot of concerns about what's going on. About six months ago, we were hearing that more from the U.S. than we were from say Europe and I think today we would probably hear more concerns expressed from Europe than we would from the U.S.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay, but your guidance is taking that all into account and you're still going to be conservative?
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Our guidance is taking that all into account, we're trying to be somewhat conservative, I think if you look at it, we grew about 8% on a constant currency basis organic in FY'08 and we have a...we're saying we're going to grow in the 5% to 8% range for FY'09. However for a couple of significant things we're not projecting any margin improvement and I think that's probably where we have some conservatism involved in everything. But we think it's a... we've talked about is how conservative is this. We don't think it's terribly conservative, we think it's a little bit conservative.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Now, this is the first time you've admitted to being conservative on a call. So...
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: You know what Mark, you just beat over the head with us so many quarters.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: So one thing on the compensation and professional services, particularly the compensation. How should we think about the increase that we saw this last quarter from a couple of perspectives. I guess one perspective would be things are going extremely well right now. If you wanted to invest during this period, this would... you certainly have covered to do that and particularly in light of future anticipated demand. So that would be one reason for comp going up. The other factor would be things are going well and your consultants are probably in high demand and may have higher expectations for their own compensations. So I'm wondering, is that when we looked at this compensation this quarter, should we think about it more as the former or the latter? How does it... I'm sure it's a blend of the two but how... which way this would skew more?
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, as Carl mentioned, some of the salary costs are up, if you have to factor in acquisitions like Heissmann. Are you looking sequential, or are you looking year-over-year?
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: I'm thinking about it both ways.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay. Year-over-year, I think John is exactly right. It's Heissmann which was a pretty good group of folks and you shouldn't be surprised at that. You should think about compensation going up in '09, we're going to add as we've noted to you, we have added a fair number of folks and we're going to add a fair number of folks in the investment consulting practice, probably half of that 85 folks is going to come in the first quarter. And so you'll start to see a little bit of increase there. A little bit of it is the cost of doing some of the rightsizing but I don't think you should beyond what we specifically talked about, you should not... as you're looking at it sequentially, I think that there is going to be dramatic increase sequentially.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I would say a couple of things though just to add to that, Mark. We... as we do better, as an organization, as you know our philosophy is that we should reward our stakeholders equally. And so we grow our after-tax net income and we grow our bonus pool at exactly the same rates. And so, our earnings went up about 34% this year. The amount of money we allocated, the bonuses went up 34%. So, we are able to continue to reward our associates and to make sure that they're paid at for all the great results that they have been achieving. We look to continue that going forward, we want to make sure that we're rewarding our associates and paying them fairly. I think we do think that there are some attractive opportunities for us to invest now but we're going to do that on a cautious basis also.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. Great. And then the last question and I'll hop back in the queue. The affiliate income obviously that swings around quite a bit. What are your expectations for that number, that's baked into your forecasts?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We tend to be... I am not going to use that C word, I certainly won't admit to that, but anyway, we don't expect this to repeat next year and so we get zero built-in.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Zero built-in?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: What's the probability of zero coming through?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: My view is that we're seeing better and better performance in the loss areas. So I think that's a reasonable estimate. I would guess that we might... the probability that we might do a little bit better than that is higher than the probability that we would do worse.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Right, thank you.
Operator: And the next question comes from Shlomo Rosenbaum from Stifel Nicolaus. You may proceed.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Hi, thank you for squeezing me in over here. Just a few follow-up questions. You talked about increased competition in investment consulting group, actually I want to ask you if you are seeing an increased competition in investment consulting group, you guys are doing very well in that area and I know some of your competitors are trying to either re-build or continue to build their practices in that area?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Generally no, we are not seeing much in the way of increased competition there. I mean I guess that we... the kind of services we're offering, we're not seeing much competition for that.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Okay, and you talked in the TAS Group that you're seeing some increased competition and so you don't want to go after unprofitable business, which is good. I'm just wondering where is the competition coming from, in other words, can you talk about some of the players, or is there increased competition from existing players, are there additional players that are pushing into that business?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, this is one of these markets that is subject to swings from time to time. A particular organization may decide they need to get some business and they will come in with some very low ball prices for something and then they will get the business and go away, and we'll go back to normal pricing. We've just been seeing a little bit more of these kinds of fluctuations over the last six months. We've concluded that we'd rather just sit that out a little bit and make sure that we don't get sucked in any of these unprofitable ones.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Shlomo, I would only add to that, if I may, that it's the North American business where we're seeing that pricing competition. In Europe, the pricing competition has always been there and that's one of the reasons why we are so very excited about the significant wins of these major new clients in Europe. We have been able to price to be profitable in Europe. Our reputation and the brand are very strong and so we've had... it just makes it a little more exciting.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Okay. And can you just talk a little bit more about the cash flow, I didn't get it totally straight. What we should expect in terms of the bonus payouts and maybe reversal of some of the positive working capital items going into next quarter?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We will pay bonuses in the September time frame of about $184 million, we'll use the bonus, that's why we accrued and we will pay taxes. So we anticipate probably borrowing about $80 million by the end of the quarter, obviously getting a little bit of cash. That we will then pay down gradually over the ensuing couple of quarters also while we finish the share repurchase so that by this time next year we'll have probably enough cash on the balance sheet to cover the bonuses and not have to borrow at all.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's been our traditional pattern.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Okay. And if you could just talk a little bit more in terms of the strength in retirement services, can you just talk about where we're strongest, is there a particular area of work where you're seeing strength, if you'd just talk giving some specifics in that area?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're talking about our retirement consulting business, we think...
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Yes.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We're very strong, a dominant player in the UK, very strong competitive player amongst the four who are the major competitors in the U.S. I'm not sure I'm answering your question, I'm not quite sure I understand the question.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: I don't think there's... I don't think, maybe I could just answer it in another way, I think what Carl is trying to say is we... there is not one specific area, either geographically or practice-wise [ph] that we would say this is where the strength of our business is. We are a... we're strong across all areas of retirement and really across all geographies.
Shlomo Rosenbaum - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company: Okay. That is what I was asking. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And the next question comes from the line of T.C. Robillard from Bank of America Securities. You may proceed.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America: Great. Thanks. Just a quick follow-up on the insurance practice to an earlier question. In your guidance for fiscal '09, are you expecting to see traction pick up again in the US or are you expecting the US to be rightsized from a cost perspective but still kind of treading water from a revenue perspective.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The major sources of growth that we're expecting in the insurance practice will come in Asia and Europe. Europe will also contribute more to the profitability because of the rightsizing there. We're not anticipating a huge growth in the United States. We do expect them to grow a little bit and to do some profit but the big players will be as we noted Europe with some contribution from Asia.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America: Okay. And then just on the headcount for that practice, it was up 8% year-on-year and you guys obviously touched on that and what was driving that but, considering where we're rightsize, should we be expecting much growth in headcount as we're looking forward, the fiscal basis, fiscal '09?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In the insurance practice?
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America: In the insurance practice specifically.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I wouldn't anticipate that I think that's largely done.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America: Okay. Great. Thanks guys.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Operator: And the next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon from R.W. Baird. You may proceed.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: As we look out towards next year or I guess this year, what should our expectations be in terms of overall headcount growth and which practices would you expect to increase the most?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You should expect headcount increase in the investment consulting practice as we talked about.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Yes.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We will do our normal hiring in the retirement practice around as well as we keep the pipeline full and but I don't know that's necessarily going to lead to increases in headcount, we have been gradually reducing headcount over time there and getting more efficiencies out of the practice. So I wouldn't expect significant headcount increases there. I would guess that other than in investment consulting, you're going to be...
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, could I maybe, just to sum this up Mark, we've already made some hires for FY '09 in two practices. One of them is in insurance as Carl has mentioned and the other is in TAS, Technology Administration Solutions, particularly TAS in Europe for those 10 major clients that we're working on those. Those people have already been hired and are on board. So we have those, the only one that we're really saying then leaving those two aside, the only one where we think we're going to be adding people in FY '09 to a significant grade is in investment consulting.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And what... in general, I would assume that you're still going to see some increases in most of the other practices, what would that generally be or should it be flat?
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think we will... we are going to be continuing to hire people, but we think it will be... it will probably be closer to a constant or a very, a percent or two increase.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay and that's what I was trying to get at a little bit earlier, it seems like maybe you've invested a little bit in front of '09 in '08.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then...
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Particularly in those two practices we mentioned, yes.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Yes. And you're obviously right in the nation's capital, are you still led there maybe heightened sensitivity to that where regardless no matter what we're going to have some form of an administration change. What do you think the impact would be if we do have an administrative change in terms of the potential for increased consulting work just around potential new legislation, is that baked into your forecast at all or how do you think about it?
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: We haven't baked that into our forecast, we've tried to think about that a little bit, I guess the.... there is lots of different scenarios that you can concoct for this. Overall though change tends to favor consulting firms and the more change the more it tends to favor them. So I think, if you were to get a democratic administration in, you probably have more change than if you were to continue with a Republican administration you might think that that would be a little bit better for us.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: Okay.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: But I don't think... I think in any event we don't see any big negatives coming in from either candidate in terms of this would be bad for business and I don't think we necessarily see anything to say this would be great for business either.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird: That's fair. Thank you.
Operator: And at this time, there is no further questions in the queue. I will pass the call over to Mr. John Haley for closing remarks.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Thanks again everybody for joining us. We look forward to seeing you at our upcoming Analyst Day, which will be September 17th in our New York City office. Good bye.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the presentation for today. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-05-08 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Malone - Director of IR John J. Haley Chief Financial Officer, Vice President
Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer: Carl D. Mautz Analysts Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets T.C. Robillard - Bank of America Securities Jeff Meuler - Robert W. Baird Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Third Quarter Watson Wyatt Worldwide Earnings Conference Call. My name is Danyel and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in listen-only mode and we will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to Ms. Mary Malone, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed.
Mary Malone - Director of Investor Relations: Good morning. This is Mary Malone, Director of Investor Relations at Watson Wyatt Worldwide. Welcome to our conference call to discuss our results for the third quarter of fiscal year 2008. I am here today with John Haley, Watson Wyatt's President and Chief Executive Officer and Carl Mautz, Chief Financial Officer. After some brief prepared remarks, we will open the conference call for your questions. Please refer to our website for this morning's press release. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone for the next week by dialing 617-801-6888, confirmation number, 85045287. The replay will also be available for the next three months via the company's website at www.watsonsyatt.com. There are few slides that accompany the financial section of our presentation. You may log onto our website to obtain those slides. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements, among others, regarding expected financial and operating performance. Any statements made during this call that are not statements of historical facts maybe deemed to be forward-looking statements. You are cautioned that these statements may be affected by among others the important factors set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in today's news release and that consequently actual operations and results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. The company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise except as provided by Federal Securities Laws. At this time I will turn the conference call over to John Haley. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Thank you, Mary. Good morning and thanks for joining us today. I am very pleased to share the results of another strong quarter with you. Our revenues for the quarter increased to $458 million, an increase of 16% over the prior year. On an organic basis that excludes the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency movements, our revenues increased 6% over the prior year. On a constant currency basis our segment revenue growth was very strong in four of our segments, 20% in Benefits, 14% in Technology and Administration Solutions, 18% in Human Capital Group and 25% in Investment Consulting. Insurance & Financial Services continues to perform below our expectations with 1% constant currency growth. For the quarter, diluted earnings per share were $0.96. This is a 26% increase over the prior period of $0.76 per share. Margin, net income and earnings per share increases are all driven by the strong revenue growth. Our forecasted rate of $1.95 for the British pound was slightly less than the actual exchange rate of $1.99 for the quarter and therefore $0.01 of our EPS increase over guidance is due to exchange rate differences. We continue to see solid demand in the marketplace and we are optimistic about the growth opportunities for our business. As you can see from our results, our business is performing well in the current economic environment. We continue to see that our diverse portfolio of services combined with our global presence is providing a solid business platform even in a slowing economy. Now, let's review each of our segments beginning with Benefits. For the quarter, Benefits Group revenues were $268 million, up 21% from the prior year and 20% on a constant currency basis. Strong demand for our services in all geographic regions resulted in solid growth. Europe's growth also benefited from our acquisitions in Germany and The Netherlands. Excluding acquisitions and currency movements, organic growth was 6%. This growth is even after the spin-off of our multi-employer retirement business in North America. As we mentioned in last quarter's call, we think this segment is impacted more by changes in the legislative and regulatory framework than by changes in the macro economic environment. We continue to assist our clients with implementation of provisions from the Pension Protection Act. Congress continues to work on technical corrections and clarifications to the act. The timing and full scope of this next piece of legislation are not clear. However, we think our clients will continue to face changes resulting from the Pension Protection Act through their 2008, 2009 plan years. Pension accounting continues to be an area of focus for both the Financial Accounting Standards Board in the U.S. and the International Accounting Standards Board. The accounting for pensions and other post-employment benefits is complicated and require significant use of judgment and estimation. The changes will probably be significant and affect the measurement of liabilities, the timing of expense recognition and the presentation of financial statements. Although the discussions have started, we expect it will be several years before the changes are enacted. We recently published the results of a retirement plan design survey that covered 300 U.S. employers, each improvements sponsored a defined benefit plan since 1996 and have at least $100 million of pension assets. While there has been a shift over the past ten years from the traditional defined benefit pension plans to define contribution in hybrid define plans, our survey shows that the majority of plans sponsors that maintained defined benefit plans today have made a formal decision to stay committed to them. The fact is defined benefit plans remain the most efficient way of delivering retirement wealth to employees and for helping companies manage their aging workforce. When companies don't provide their employees with plans that amass sufficient savings for retirement, they struggle with the problem of hidden pensioners, employees to stay on the payroll because they can't afford to retire. One of the biggest changes for the future could be the resurgence of hybrid defined benefit plans, which offer features of both defined benefit and defined contribution plans. Companies are becoming more aware of the trade-offs between cost, risk and workforce management and we anticipate this strong demand will exist around the globe for our retirement services. Our healthcare consulting practice had another strong quarter. While this is still small part of our overall benefits practice, it is experiencing solid growth and we expect revenues of approximately $75 million in fiscal 2008. With healthcare cost still rising at twice the rate of inflation, healthcare reform continues to be a hot topic. All three major party presidential candidates have issued proposals for health care reforms. While the proposals reflect the fundamental philosophical and political differences between the candidates, all three candidates claim their proposal will result in higher quality healthcare, greater transparency about treatments, cost and outcomes and improved use of information technology. The ultimate outcome for healthcare reform will be decided until after the election. Our research shows that most U.S. companies do not support a single payer healthcare system or State Legislature mandating coverage. Instead they prefer relying on private sector solutions. Despite their frustration with rising costs, U.S. employers believe they can do better job managing costs in meeting the needs of the workers than the government can. While companies continue to monitor legislative activity, the reform proposals are having little but no influence on company's decision to make healthcare program changes. The issues facing our clients are real and they continue to demand our consulting expertise and exploring alternatives. Now let's move on to the Technology and Administration Solutions Group. For the quarter revenues were $45 million, up 14% from prior year and 14% on a constant currency basis. Our revenues in North America continue to increase as the number of pension administration and health and welfare outsourcing assignments in ongoing service delivery increase. We had 121 projects in service delivery at the end of March 2008, up from 76 at the end of March 2007. You will recall that we don't recognize revenues until projects move into ongoing service delivery, which is after project implementation. At the end of March 2008, we had another 56 projects in implementation. From our perspective, the number of projects available for bid has not been impacted by the economic downturn. As our brand continues to strengthen in this practice, more opportunities are available to us. We have participated in more requests for proposals this year that have a lower win percentage. We continually refine our service offerings and remain focused on profitable growth. You will recall that we had strong sales last year. Our researchers continue to be very busy in part by certain clients' with systems already in service delivery. Our clients in ongoing service delivery comprise approximately 85% of our reported revenues in North America. We continue to be pleased with our renewal rate that is in excess of 90%. In Europe, our retention rate is excellent, among the best in the marketplace. We've also had tremendous success with many new clients. We won both first-generation outsourcing clients as well as clients who previously worked with our competition. We are increasing our market share and growing nicely. We continue to believe that we have compelling technology and outsourcing offerings that suite the markets we serve. We expect good profitable growth opportunities will be available regardless of the economic environment. Next, let me turn to the Human Capital Group. For the quarter, revenues were $49 million, up 19% from prior year and 18% on a constant currency basis. We experienced growth in both human capital consulting projects and data services. Increased demand for executive compensation and sales force compensation as well as merger integration projects all contributed to our growth. This growth exceeded our own expectations and we continue to be optimistic about demand in the current economic environment. There continues to be strong demand for compensation consulting, especially executive compensation. Our multi-year studies at 1000 large U.S. companies find a consistently strong positive relationship between realizable pay and performance. The alignment created by today's executive pay model significantly improves corporate performance and plays an integral role in generating the most productive economy in the world. However, there are certain elements of executive payment that have come under attack. These elements include some severance and golden parachute payments and large executive pensions. We assist companies with correcting any elements of the executive pay model than are not working optimally. As the election season heats up, we expect executive pay will come under increasing scrutiny. Properly designed pay for performance programs motivate managers to excel and drive the economic growth. With the continued scrutiny of executive pay, we think many companies will seek assistance with designing the fundamental incentives of their executive pay programs. Now I'll discuss the Insurance and Financial Services Group. For the quarter, revenues were $31 million, up 2% from the prior year and 1% on a constant currency basis. We have fewer larger projects in Europe this fiscal year than in past years and therefore our growth has been lower than expected. In Asia, this practice is performing well and experiencing strong growth. Our revenue ramp up in the U.S. continues to be slower than the initially anticipated. As we look ahead, we expect fiscal year 2009 to be a year of recovery. The practice leadership team is working on a thoughtful disciplined business plan for modestly growing revenues and for bringing the cost base in line with the planned revenues. We will give more detailed guidance for fiscal 2009 on our next call in August. Lastly, Investment Consulting had another great quarter. For the quarter, revenues were $43 million, up 27% from the prior year and 25% on a constant currency basis. We continue to see strong demand for all of our services, particularly advice on investment strategy. The sub-prime mortgage crisis in the United States and a weakened U.S. dollar have caused market turmoil worldwide. With continued volatility predicted for the near future, investors, including pension funds, face a perplexing landscape. Plans sponsors that have taken steps to optimize the returns or reduce risk through their investment strategies whether by hedging diversification or better deals on fees are better positioned and those are still thinking about it. The current market will be challenging for many investors and we expect strong demand for our Investment Consulting services to continue. Wrapping up, we are optimistic about our long-term prospects and we'll keep an eye on short-term market conditions. We believe we are stronger than any time in the past given our market focus, operating discipline and global footprint. Now, I'll turn the call over to Carl.
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: Thank you, John and good morning to everyone. As you've just heard, we completed another exceptionally strong quarter led by robust revenue growth and strong margins. Our revenues for the quarter were $458 million and our operating margin increased to 14%, an all-time high for us. We continue to focus on profitable growth. The Benefits Group had a 33% margin this quarter, an increase from 30% in the third quarter of last year. Our third fiscal quarter tends to be our strongest quarter in the Benefits Group and therefore our margins next quarter will probably be a bit lower. We're still expecting the full-year margins in the high 20% range. Technology and Administration Solutions had a 23% margin, an increase from 21% in the third quarter of last year. We're expecting a full-year margin in the 20% range. The Human Capital Group had a 19% margin this quarter, an increase from 14% in the third quarter of last year. We achieved margin improvement over the past, the prior year quarter in each of our geographic regions. We expect our full year margin will be in the high teens. Insurance & Financial Services had a 5% margin this quarter, down from 21% in the third quarter of last year. As John mentioned, we are taking the steps necessary to get our margins back into the mid teens. Margins in the fourth quarter will probably be depressed but we expect to be back on track in early fiscal 2009. Investment Consulting had a 37% margin this quarter, an increase from 34% in the third quarter of last year. This price continues to grow profitably and we expect full-year margins in the 30% range, the mid 30% range. The second margin that we've just reviewed are before consideration of discretionary compensation and other unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles resulting from our acquisitions. We still expect our full year operating income margin to be in excess of 12%, in spite of increase in non-cash amortization from the acquisitions. Last fiscal year, our operating marketing margin was 12.1% and we are anticipating several basis points higher this fiscal year. Net income for the quarter was $43 million, up from $34 million in the prior year. Fully diluted earnings per share for the quarter were $0.96 per share as compared to a prior year third quarter earnings per share of $0.76. Moving to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with $158 million of cash and $111 million of debt. In April, we repaid $91 million of debt. We expect to have the debt repays before the end of fiscal 2008. We also used $25 million to repurchase shares during quarter, $15 million of which relates to our $100 million share repurchase. Remaining $10 million was used to repurchase shares that will be issued to our stock purchase and stock compensation programs. We expect to complete our $100 million share repurchase during the first half of fiscal 2009. Our business will continue to generate strong cash flows. Now let's review our guidance for fiscal 2008. The slides posted on our website may be helpful for following along in this section. For fiscal 2008, we are increasing our revenue guidance to $1.72 billion to $1.73 billion and we are increasing our diluted earnings per share guidance to $3.29 to $3.32. Note that our forward-looking guidance for fourth quarter of fiscal 2008 continues to be based on an exchange rate of $1.95 to the U.S.... to the British pound. Our revenue guidance of $1.72 billion to $1.73 billion represents an increase of approximately 16% over fiscal 2007 revenues. Our guidance by segment can be found on slide 3. Our Benefits revenue guidance is increasing to 18% to 20% growth for the fiscal year. This guidance includes an organic growth rate of approximately 5% to 6%. It is important to remember that this growth is after the previously announced exit from our multi-employer retirement business in North America. The exit of the multi-employer retirement business will have more of an impact on fourth quarter than initially anticipated. The seasonality within our Benefits Group changed this year due to the Heissmann acquisition. Heissmann's strongest quarters are our second and third fiscal quarters during which Heissmann earns approximately 60% of its annual revenues. Therefore our third fiscal quarter is now our strongest revenue quarter in Benefits. Our guidance for the Technology and Administrations Solutions Group remains the same. We are still expecting further 40% growth for the year. We are raising our guidance for the Human Capital Group and expect 11% to 13% growth for the year. This full-year guidance indicates that growth in the fourth quarter will be lower than in the second and third quarters. This trend is consistent with the seasonality that we experienced in this practice last fiscal year. We are revising our forecast for the Insurance and Financial Services Group down to around breakeven with little over 2% revenue growth. We are increasing our guidance for Investment Consulting and now we expect growth of 28% to 30%. Our diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2008 are expected to be in the range of $3.29 to $3.32, a 27% to 28% increase over fiscal 2007. This guidance assumes a 33.4% tax rate for the year and weighted average shares outstanding of $44.5 million for the year. We expect fourth quarter revenues to raise from $415 million to $425 million and diluted earnings per share to range from $0.74 to $0.77. Fourth quarter revenue guidance by segment is presented on slide 4. In summary, our fourth quarter guidance reflects the seasonality of the business. We are not seeing any negative impact on the business from economic environment and we continue to be optimistic about the future. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Thanks, Carl. Now we will take any questions that you may have. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from the line of Ashwin Shirvaikar with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets: Hi, John and Carl.
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: Hello. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Hello, Ashwin.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets: Nice quarter again. I like how we can count on you guys to --. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Thanks.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets: Can you... the question is on Benefits, can you get into, it was a solid quarter, but some of the details on how non-U.S. demand is sort of shaping up? I mean pension change in the UK is slightly older than in the U.S., is that still a good driver? Also in the Netherlands and Germany, how are the acquisitions that you made performing?
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: The acquisitions are performing very well with strong revenue growth. I'd remind you about the comment on seasonality for Heissmann where the December and March quarters are the strongest. Another thing that drove a little bit of the growth in Europe and in the branches' results this quarter, you will recall that we had a little bit slower quarter last... in the December quarter because of the vacation impact in the UK at the end of December. And that pumped up January a little bit. So as to the legislation, I think we anticipate that that will continue to drive demand in the UK and in the U.S., not so much impact at least in the warehouse in the Netherlands or in Germany. But those... the demand there has been strong and the growth has been very nice, actually a little bit better than we anticipated when we did the acquisition. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer What I would add to that, too, Ashwin is that we don't expect that the coming accounting changes that I referenced in my prepared remarks are something that will be of interest to define benefit plans around the world. It's not just FASB in the U.S. but it is also the International Accounting Standards Board, which is looking at these things.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets: Right. The International Accounting Standards impact that fast I guess earlier in Europe than it is here, right?
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: Generally it does, yes.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets: Okay. And then a question on the Insurance segment, what will it take to improve performance, what kind of steps are you taking? Is it layoffs or rightsizing or you just need more sales people? John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Right now, what we are doing, we don't by they way, I should just mention one thing, we don't have any evidence that the lower than expected growth is due to any kind of an economic slowdown on anything like that. We've been focused on expanding the practiced practice geographically both in Asia-Pacific and in the United States and developing our financial modeling software products, [inaudible]. If we look back on it, in hindsight we think we probably needed to focus more on business development in our established markets, particularly in the UK where we have already have very strong markets. This is largely a project-based practice and we did continually on the pipeline there. So, we're going to be focused on getting our revenues up or going to look to make sure that we have our cost base in line with that, but we are... we'd like to grow this practice to profitability.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets: And once you do that, say for example, for 2009, maybe not for full-year but as you get into it, can you get back to the high-teens margins that you had in that unit once?
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: We're targeting for next year, probably in the mid-teens, a 15% range on the way back to stronger improvement in the future. I think we are just going to be cautious without having an overly aggressive plan so that we can grow this... gradually maintaining our profitability as we go.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets: Okay.
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: That's really the tenure of what the team is telling us. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer But I think this is not something we expect to see turned around in another quarter.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets: No, that's understood but over a course of a few quarters if you can get to mid-teens that will be fabulous. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer No, Carl maybe a little more optimistic than I am on that as to how fast we will get there, but I think we have to look at all elements of this. We got to look at the cost base, we have to look at how we grow our revenues additionally.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Global Markets: Okay, great. Nice quarter. Thanks. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Andrew Fones with UBS. Please proceed.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. This is actually Jim Watson [ph], I am filling in for Andrew this morning. I had a question about the Tech... you said the number of projects available hasn't been impacted by the slowdown. Is that true, I guess, across the board from in your perspective or are you seeing any targets of weakness with in the industries? John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer We are not seeing a slowdown in the number of RFPs that we are having the opportunity to respond to. We have, as I noted, our associates are quite busy. We're focused on profitable revenue growth. Some of these proposals get to the point where we don't see the profitability we want, we back off of them. But we're not seeing an economic impact with would cause us to believe that technology spend increase, for example, is slowing down.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And you mentioned that the win rate might have kept [inaudible]?
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: The comment just I made earlier that fundamentally we're aimed at profitable projects to get to the point where the pricing is more aggressive than we think is in line with what we want to do, we back off of it. Our associates are busy, we're providing with strong revenue support on existing plans, those plans and projects are going well. So, we are just going to look for just wherever we can make the kind of money we think we should.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. That makes sense. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Let me try and put this in a little bit of perspective, too. We, as you know, we don't recognize the revenues during the systems implementation. So, decline in the wins doesn't immediately impact our revenues. In North America, 85% of our revenues there come from ongoing services that we provide to clients. So as the number of systems in service delivery grows then the systems implementations become an even smaller and smaller part of the overall North American practice. If we got a long period where we got some field wins, we could see a potential for decline. But, we see this is probably being more than offset by providing additional services to existing clients in North America and by the growth we had in Europe. So we'll give you exact guidance for fiscal 2009 on our call on August. But, we feel pretty good about the overall structure.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and I guess in terms of how many months of work is there the pipeline, do you have... what's your estimate there?
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: We certainly have enough work in the pipeline to maintain our growth rates through fiscal 2009. The sell season goes on. year around we'll report on that as we go but as John suggested, we are quite optimistic about that at this point.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And one last one. Can you tell me how much revenue and expense was capitalized for Tech and for the other businesses in Q1?
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: I should be able to tell you that. You will find it in the... you said Q1, do you mean Q3?
Unidentified Analyst: I am sorry, Q3.
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: You'll find that in... John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer It is in the 10-Q.
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: It is in the 10-Q itself. You'll find that under --
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: Cost capitalized... and that's in the model. We have to go to the right page, you know. Just give me a second. In the third quarter, it was just about $5 million. It runs between $5.5 million and $4.5 million.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, okay. Thanks very much.
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: Yes.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of T.C. Robillard with Bank of America Securities. Please proceed.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America Securities: Good morning, guys. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Good morning.
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: Good morning.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America Securities: Just, I'm going to stay true to my form here and I am going to push you John on your conservativeness. The margins look like they're going to take a little bit more of a dip in the fourth quarter sequentially, just backing into your top line and bottom line guidance. Clearly, you guys have a fantastic track record of delivering above your number and we know that there're some conservative side to that. I just want to make sure that there is nothing unique going on in the fourth quarter in terms of some costs or some ramp ups or anything that we should be taking into account? John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Okay. Well, since Carl is the who is the expert on conservatism, I can handle this. Well, I think the broad answer is there is nothing special going on in the fourth quarter really but you can talk to, if you would.
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: Let me hit that summary part and then come back and talk a little bit about detail. We were actually concerned of putting our forecast together that there might be someone concluding that we were seeing some economic impact or something else unusual going on in that business. The fist quarter has been driven simply by our normal seasonality and let me just go back to a couple of those. This is a business that has a cost structure and the near term it's pretty constant. When revenues are very strong as they were in the third quarter, you get a tremendous lift to margins and we have been slow just a little bit as we expect they will in the fourth quarter from our normal seasonality, you see the margins reflect that. Going back again the retirement business, the benefits business, we're seeing coming off of a very strong third quarter, which is very strong in Germany. The benefits business seasonality now is that the first quarter is not as strong as that part of business. So that will drive some margin change. We're a little concerned about Financial Insurances and Financial Services that will be part of it. And don't forget that the [inaudible] multi-employer business is hitting the margins in the fourth quarter, a little more strongly frankly than we thought about in the... when we thought in the third quarter, it's a little bit more concentrated. So those are certainly the drivers that I noted as I was summarizing the forecast coming from the practice directly. And we will see... John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer But, I think in overall, in terms of putting this together when we were looking at our fourth quarter estimates, we have Benefits and Investment Consulting about where they were, about where they will be for the whole year. We have HAS [ph] and HCG about where they were in the first quarter, which is a little bit lower than second and third quarter. And then insurance is down but these are not... there are not... they are reasonably related to what we have seen during the year.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America Securities: Okay. And then as we look going forward, I mean it sounds as if the strength of the business, everything you guys are seeing in the visibility of your pipeline and as you're looking at your cost structure, your product mix, things like that, it appears that we should be able to see consistent margin improvement on a year-on-year basis as we go through next year as well, I mean, just kind of the normal business efficiencies. Is that a fair way to think about things? John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Yes, I think that is a fair way to think about it. We think that quarters can be reasonably volatile and we need to be careful about looking at them. But we have been talking about having slight improvements in your margins year-over-year and we think we can continue to do that for few more years anyway.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America Securities: Okay. And just I wanted to circle back to the insurance practice and actually from my standpoint, you actually had a little bit better quarter than I was expecting as for as margins went. Is this something even though you guys still have a lot of moving parts there and there's still a lot of runway left before we see the lift in margin. Is that something we can expect that to at least remains profitable? I know you guys had an impact last quarter but is that something where 5% going up over the next year or so is a good way to think about it?
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: I would look beyond Q4 of this year and anticipate that we'll start to see some turnaround. I think the team is going to be cautious about that and we will try and give you some exclusive guidance as we come into the August call. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer We don't think it's... I guess to give you a little more, we don't think the revenue is going to be going down and we don't think it's going to be negative in terms of margins.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America Securities: For forth quarter? John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer No, I was speaking for next year.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America Securities: So should we be thinking about possibly negative margin in the fourth quarter for the practice? John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer I wouldn't say negative margin. You could see some modest revenue reduction in quarter-over-quarter however in the fourth quarter.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America Securities: Okay. And then just as far as anything unique in terms of your other expense when you give your segment breakdown and you're breaking down part of the non-segments items? There was... I mean it looks similar as to what it was in the fiscal third quarter last year. Just can you remind me why you have... tend to have a big expense in... other expense in the third quarter?
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: The other expense in the quarter, which is still within... you're looking at the capital within operating...?
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America Securities: Yes, I'm looking at when you gave... when you give the breakdown of segments, I think it was like negative $10.8 million.
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: Those are largely the expense side of our pass-throughs such as situations we are operating as a subcontractor if you will for our clients particularly doing printing or fulfillment note purchasing and that's normal seasonality.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America Securities: Okay. Just wanted to make sure there was nothing unique there. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer No.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America Securities: And then just lastly, just to tie in on, you were very clear in your prepared remarks and even during the Q&A about not seeing any of the economic slowdown. I mean I think that speaks for itself in the Human Capital fees. Can you remind us what the most cyclical piece within Human Capital is? Is it the... it's not the data piece, is it the fee, the capital or the consulting, excuse me? John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer We have three broad pieces. We have compensation, we have the organizational effectiveness and we have the data services and the organization effectiveness is probably the most sensitive.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America Securities: And I am assuming that you guys, there is nothing to call out there that that still continues to do well. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Well, I think in the last quarter's call, one of the points we made was that we were probably better positioned in this practice overall than at any time in the past in terms of potential downturns and the kind of... the kind of work we have now is more repeat business. It's more reliable and still think that. And as we look in third quarter here, we really haven't seen any evidences of the slowdown.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America Securities: And it's different because you have a higher executive comp exposure and things like that or --? John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Yes, and the executive comp work we do is more... it's more a business that is done every year.
T.C. Robillard - Bank of America Securities: Gotcha. Okay, great. Thanks for the comments, guys. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Thanks.
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Jeff Meuler with Baird. Please proceed.
Jeff Meuler - Robert W. Baird: Hi, it's Jeff Mueller from Baird. I was wondering if you could give us a sense for how much work your clients still need to do related to the PPA for plane year 2008 and then how much you would expect it to step down in 2009, barring that technical corrections which I think are still in converse to get passed? And then finally just how significant those technical corrections would be? John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer I think it's really hard to estimate. In fact we actually don't... I mean, this is one of the things we dealt within the other quarterly calls. So, we don't keep track of our work for clients as to whether it happens to be PPA work or not. So, we couldn't even tell you even looking back over the last few quarters how much of it was PPA work, let alone, what they will be doing in the next quarter. So, I would say this, I think there was probably right after PPA came up, a little bit of revenue bump from having done some extra work for that, but most of the PPA work is sort of in maintenance mode now and we are continuing it. We do think that we'll get some revenue bump when they get technical corrections out. But, again, we really couldn't forecast that at all.
Jeff Meuler - Robert W. Baird: Okay, thank you. And then on the acquisition front, I was just wondering what are the geographies are you targeting and then on the healthcare side would you consider an acquisition or are you looking to hire more aggressively there given that there looks to be some catalyst coming out? John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Yes, Meuler, see first on the acquisitions, I think we are interested in continuing to look for high quality acquisitions and if we can find them we are certainly in the market for them. And we are always looking, we are looking now. There is nothing that we are targeting. Back about two or three years ago, we felt that we needed to have more significant operations in both Germany and The Netherlands. That was something that was a missing part of the global network. We don't feel that way about any particular geography right now. There're some we are looking at and we might get into but there is nothing where we feel a burning need to get into it. So, we'll be looking for the right opportunities there. In Healthcare, I think if we could... we'd be open to finding the right kind of acquisition to do that. I'm not sure that there're a lot out there that certainly would be good for us. At least it would be of any size to do that but it's the kind of thing we're certainly open to.
Jeff Meuler - Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then not to jump the gun on you Carl. But John, is there any update on the CFO search, where are you on that progress? John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Well, we've hired an outside search firm. We have a committee composed of five people; myself and Carl, Babloo Ramamurthy, our Head of our European Operations, Gene Wickes is the Head of our Benefits Operations and then Steve Mele, our Head of Human Resources and the five of us are interviewing... are going to be interviewing all the candidates and then making a decision about whom we want to hire. At this point, we're interviewing candidates this month and we'll see how that goes. It's obviously more important to get the right person than to try to act too quickly.
Jeff Meuler - Robert W. Baird: Understood. Thanks for all the time and congratulations on another great quarter. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your next question is from the line of Brandt Sakakeeny Deutsche Banc. Please proceed.
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc: Thank you. Hi, John and Carl. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Hi, Brand. How are you doing?
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc: I'm doing great. Thanks. Let's see... first off, I had a bad connection, so I hope this hasn't been asked earlier. But did you give out any attrition metrics so far in terms of turnover or anything else?
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: We haven't. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer No, we didn't and I'm not sure we have anything right off hand on that.
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc: I guess, broadly, can you just talk to sort of cost of hiring and how is the labor market do you feel like. You have enough of a talent pool to hit the headcount targets and are you seeing any change in attrition levels one way or the other? John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer No, I don't think, we're noticing any big changes in attrition levels one way or the other. And then I guess if you... if there really were to be a slowdown hypothetically that might make your attrition levels go down somewhat. But, we haven't seen any... I don't think we've seen much change. We're continuing to be out in the marketplace looking to hire people. We want to be careful about bringing people on, we want to make sure we have enough work for them. But we're not seeing anything one way or the other, Brand.
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc: Okay, great. And then just an update on balance sheet, may be excess cash needs, I know I always ask this but just wondering if there is a change? John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Yes. I mean, what's our... our projection is we're going to end the year with about, what $70 million in cash, Cal?
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: Yes, in cash and the debt repaid. The share repurchase... the $100 million share repurchase is probably going to now stretch into a little bit to the first half fiscal '09.
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc: Okay.
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: But we'll pay down the debt and continue that effort.
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc: Carl, how much do you have remaining on your authorization on the share repurchase authorization?
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: At March, we had about $75 million, $78 million. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer $77.4.
Carl D. Mautz - Chief Financial Officer, Vice President: Thank you. John, always has the right [inaudible]. We've done a little bit of repurchasing since then, so it's down a little from then.
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc: Okay. Great. Perfect. That's all I have. Great job in the quarter. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Yes. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Well Brandt that $77.4 million was what we had left at the end of April. So we had used $22.6 million.
Brandt Sakakeeny - Deutsche Banc: Okay. Thanks, John.
Operator: At this time there are no more question in the queue. I would now like to turn the presentation back over to Mr. John Haley for any closing remarks. John J. Haley - Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Okay. Well. Thank you all for joining us on this call. We look forward to reviewing our fourth quarter results and our fiscal 2009 guidance with you in August.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this concludes your presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-02-07 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Mary Malone - Director, IR John J. Haley - President and CEO Carl D. Mautz - VP and CFO
Analysts: Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup Andrew Fones - UBS Securities TC Robillard - Banc of America Securities Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird & Co
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Second Quarter 2008 Watson Wyatt Worldwide Earnings Conference Call. My name is Alicia and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will be facilitating a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to introduce your host for todays call, Miss Mary Malone, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed maam.
Mary Malone - Director, Investor Relations: Good morning. This is Mary Malone, Director of Investor Relations at Watson Wyatt Worldwide. Welcome to our conference call to discuss our results for the second quarter and fiscal year 2008. I am here today with John Haley, Watson Wyatt's President and Chief Executive Officer; and Carl Mautz, Chief Financial Officer. After some brief prepared remarks, we will open the conference call for your questions. Please refer to our website for this morning press release. Today's call is being recorded and will be available for replay via telephone for the next week by dialing 617-801-6888, confirmation number 2362-9107. The replay will also be available for the next three months via the Company's website at www.watsonwyatt.com. There are a few slides that accompany the financial section of our presentation. You may log on to our website to obtain those slides. This conference call may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 including statements, among others, regarding expected financial and operating performance. Any statements made during this call that are not statements of historical fact maybe deemed to be forward-looking statements. You are cautioned that these statements maybe affected by among others the important factor set forth in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission and in today's news release and that consequently actual operations and results may differ materially from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statement whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise except as provided by Federal Securities Laws. At this time, I will turn the conference call over to John Haley.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Mary. Hello everyone and thanks for joining us today. We are doing this call from Reigate in United Kingdom, our largest office anywhere in the World. I am very pleased to share the results of another strong quarter with you. Our revenues for the quarter increased to $447 million, an increase of 22% over prior year. On an organic basis that excludes the impact of acquisitions and foreign currency movements, our revenues increased 9% over the prior year. On a constant currency basis, our segment revenue growth was strong across the Board, with 20% in benefits, 17% in technology and administration solutions, 15% in human capital group, 7% in insurance and financial services, and 25% in investment consulting. For the quarter, deluded earnings per share were $0.82. This is a 41% increase over the prior year $0.58 per share, reflecting solid revenue growth and increased margins. Our deluded earnings per share were better than guidance due primarily to better than forecasted operational results. Our forecasted rate for the British Pound was only slightly less than the actual exchange rate for the quarter. So the strengthening of the British Pound did not create a large variance from our forecast. However, please note that our forward-looking guidance assumes depreciation of the British Pound. We continue to see strong demand in the marketplace and we are optimistic about the growth opportunities for our business. Many of you have been inquiring about how our recession would impact our financial results. We cant predict this with any certainty because the actual impact would be based on the severity and length of a downturn, as well as the specific countries affected. However, we think that our well chosen portfolio of services combined with our global presence provide a solid business platform even during a recessionary period. As we review each of these segments, I will discuss how an economic slowdown could affect that particular segment. Lets begin with benefits, for the quarter benefits group revenues were $244 million, up 24% from the prior year and 20% on a constant currency basis. Strong demand for our services in all geographic regions resulted in solid growth. Europes growth also benefited it from our acquisitions in Germany and the Netherlands. Excluding acquisitions, currency movements organic growth was 5%. In FY 08, we expect the geographic breakout of our benefits revenues to be as follows: 52% in North America, 43% in Europe, 4% in Asia-Pacific, and 1% in Latin America. In North America, during the first year of the downturn, there is a potential for an increase in revenues as some of our clients may request advice and services around early retirement incentives, layoffs, and benefit reductions. If the recession is prolonged, say greater than 18 to 24 months, we may see a slowdown in our growth, as the projects surrounding organizational cutbacks would taper off. The vast majority approximately 75% of the services that we provide, our services that our clients need during all economic cycles, such as actuarial funding valuations and related government filings, non-discrimination testing and other plan compliance, actuarial accounting valuations and financial reporting, and pension administration. Additionally, we expected many of our clients would continue with their implementation of changes resulting from the Pension Protection Act through the 2008/2009 plan year. The requirements of this new legislation will most likely continue to create additional demand for our services in North America regardless of what the economy does. In Europe, we expect that our business has the same sort of natural resilience. The vast majority of the services that we provide are required. While demand for certain types of projects may decline in a recessionary period, there will be greater need for other types of services. In Europe, our experience has been the changes in the legislative of regulatory framework impact our business much more than fluctuation in the macroeconomic environment. We continue to believe that our global presence provides us with a competitive advantage for serving multinational companies. And we are hopeful that strong demand will exist around the globe for our retirement services. Our healthcare consulting practice also had a strong quarter. With healthcare costs still rising at twice the rate of inflation companies are looking for ways to get more from their healthcare dollars. And increasingly they're focused on health management strategies that improve the health and productivity of their workers. We assist companies with how to design cost effective health and welfare programs that encourage workers to adopt healthier lifestyles and to become smarter health consumers. We also advise companies on cost efficient vendor management strategies. With many companies focused on containing the cost of healthcare benefits, we expect this practice will continue to grow throughout the fiscal year. Now, lets move on to the Technology and Administration Solutions Group. For the quarter, revenues were $50 million, up 19% from the prior year and 17% on a constant currency basis. We are very pleased with this growth that exceeded our own expectation. Our strongest revenue growth on a constant currency basis was in the United States. This quarter some other clients in the U.S. made modifications to systems that are already in service as they implanted provisions of the Pension Protection Act. Our revenues in North America also continue to increase as the number of pension administration and health and welfare outsourcing assignments that are an ongoing service delivery increase. We had 111 projects in service delivery at the end of December 2007 as compared to 75 at the end of December 2006. Now you will recall that we dont recognize revenues until projects move into ongoing service delivery which is after project implementation. At the end of December 2007, we had another 60 projects in implementation. As the business is maturing, we now have a third category of projects, those being renewed after the three to five years of service delivery. The project numbers that we provide each quarter are not included in renewals. We are pleased with our renewal rate of approximately 90%. As I mentioned last quarter, we had a successful health and welfare outsourcing selling season in North America last spring, and we have larger projects in process than at this time last year. Since our resources are engaged on these larger projects, we have fewer smaller such projects. Therefore, you may see the number of projects in implementation decline in future quarters as compared to prior year, even though we will continue to defer more revenues from implementation work throughout this fiscal year. In Europe, benefits administration is a mature market. Our business is performing well and continues to grow. In FY 08, we expect to the geographic breakout of our technology and administration solutions revenues to be as follows. 57% in North America, 41% in Europe, and 2% in Asia-Pacific. In North America, approximately 70% to 75% of our revenues are from ongoing administration services and are under contract. We would not expect these to be impacted by our recession. In Europe, virtually all of our revenues are from ongoing administration work. In the post 9/11 environment, our North American business actually shrank as technology spending collapsed. With our underlying basic contracts, we see a more stable revenue platform. Again, we believe that we have compelling technology and outsourcing offerings and will continue to win new clients regardless of the economic environment. Next, let me turn to the Human Capital Group. For the quarter, revenues were $53 million, up 17% from prior year and 15% on a constant currency basis. We experience growth in both data services and human capital consulting projects. There continues to be strong demand in executive compensation. Our studies show that most Board of Directors are linking executive pay to financial performance. And executives at high performing companies are realizing greater compensation than their counterparts in underperforming companies. In order for executive pay for performance models to achieve shareholder friendly outcomes, they must be designed to provide the proper potential compensation opportunity. We assist the companies with the design of compensation packages that help motivate and retain executives and employees, while aligning pay with performance and shareholder interest. In FY 08, we expect the geographic breakout of our human capital group revenues to be as follows. 49% in North America, 27% in Europe, 19% in Asia-Pacific, and 5% in Latin America. In FY 08, we expect the service line breakout of our human capital revenues to be as follows. Compensation 65%, data services 26%, organization [Technical Difficulty] most of our clients are large multinationals. Our experience has been that companies need this data in an economic downturn. There tends to be more turnover of high performing employees in a recessionary environment and data is used by our multinational clients to assist with retention of key employees. Companies also use the data to make sure theyre compensating employees appropriately as labor markets soften. Organizational effectiveness is a project based service line and this is the area with the human capital this is most likely to be negatively impacted by a recession. However, we havent seen any holds or cutbacks by our current clients. We continue to experience a normal level of activity. Our average project cycle is six months, so we think the service line should perform fine for the remainder of the fiscal year. Now, I will discuss the Insurance and Financial Services Group. For the quarter, revenues were $30 million, up 12% from prior year and 7% constant currency basis. We experienced solid growth in both Europe and Asia this quarter. Our revenue ramp up in the U.S. continues to be slower than initially anticipated. In FY 08, we expect the geographic breakout of our insurance and financial services revenues to be as follows, 7% in North America, 79% in Europe, and 14% in Asia-Pacific. This is largely a project based segment, where approximately 70% of our revenues result from compliance work, regulatory change preparation and financial management work. All of this work would still be required in a recessionary period and it just becomes a question of whether companies would continue to use outside assistance. It is also important to note that this practice does not have a large presence in North America yet. So, a U.S. recession would not have a significant impact on the practice as a whole. A slowdown in M&A transactions within the financial services sector could have a negative impact on the practice and growth within the practice. Lastly, I am extremely pleased to share our robust consulting results with you. For the quarter, revenues were $42 million, up 30% from prior year and 25% on a constant currency basis. We continue to see strong demand for all of our services, particularly advice on investment strategy. We provide coordinated investment strategy based on our expertise in risk assessment, strategic asset allocation and investment manager selection. The recent volatility in the capital markets underscores the importance of effectively managing risk. It is more important now than ever for pension funds to focus on the long term, to pick the right fund managers and to ensure that their governance matches their investment goals. In FY 08, we expect the geographic breakout of our investment consulting revenues to be as follows; 18% in North America, 71% in Europe, 10% in Asia-Pacific and 1% in Latin America. We dont expect demand for our investment consulting services to be impacted by a recession. Plan sponsors will continue to focus on reducing funding risks and maximizing investment returns regardless of the economic climate. On the positive side a recession in the financial services sector might deter new competitors, and they also assist with our own staff retention and recruitment due to the reduction in opportunities elsewhere. Wrapping up, we continue to be very optimistic about our future. While we have our eye on market events, we believe we are stronger than at any other time in the past, and are well positioned to weather any economic uncertainty.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning everyone. As youve just heard we have completed another exceptionally strong quarter. Our revenues for the quarter were $447 million. We are quite pleased with the revenue growth in each of our segments. Our operating margin increased to 13% this quarter from 11% in the second quarter of last year. Our revenues increased 22% and our income from operations increased 49%. We continue to focus on profitable growth. The benefits group had a 26% margin in this quarter, an increase from 24% in the second quarter of last year. Our benefits group tends to be stronger in the back half of the fiscal year and were expecting full year margins in a high 20% range. Technology and administrative solutions had a 33% margin, a significant increase from 26% in the second quarter of last year. Our margins are usually strongest in the second quarter in North America due to the timing of benefits enrollment. This quarter was even stronger as clients may change it to their pension and pension administration system in response to the pension protection act. Since some of this margin improvement was seasonal, we are increasing our full year margin expectation to the mid 20% range from the low 20% range. The human Capital Group had a 23% margin this quarter, a considerable increase from 18% in the second quarter of last year. We think our strong margin this quarter was due in part to timing as well as our data work. Forecasts for January were completed in December. We still expect our full year margins will be in the high teens. Insurance and financial services had a negative 1% margin this quarter, down from 12% in the second quarter of last year. This quarter includes approximately $1.4 million as severance cost from restructuring in Europe. We are making selected investments to strengthen this practice and we are closely monitoring the areas where our performance was below expectations. It may take us a few quarters to get our margins back in line. Investment consulting had a 35% margin this quarter, an increase from 31% in the second quarter of last year. This practice continues to grow profitably and we expect a full year margin in the low 30% range. The segment margins that we have just reviewed are before consideration of discretionary compensation and other unallocated corporate costs such as amortization of intangibles from our acquisitions. We expect our full year operating income margin to be in excess of 12% in spite of increased non-cash amortization from the acquisitions. Last fiscal year our operating margin was 12.1% and were anticipating a few basis points higher than that this year. Net income for the quarter was $37 million, up from $26 million in prior year. Fully diluted earnings share for the quarter were $0.82 a share compared to prior second quarter earnings per share of $0.58. Moving to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with $104 million of cash on the balance sheet, and $107 million of debt. We strive to move our cash around the world in a tax efficient manner, and therefore sometimes there is a delay between when we accumulate cash, and when we repay our debt. We expect to have the debt repaid before the end of fiscal 2008. The business will continue to generate strong cash flows. We also used $14 million to repurchase shares during the quarter. We expect to continue to repurchase shares that will be issued through our stock purchase and stock compensation programs. Now lets review our guidance for fiscal 2008. The slide posted on our website may be helpful for following on in this section. For fiscal 2008 we are maintaining our revenue guidance of $1.68 billion to $1.72 billion and we are increasing our diluted earnings per share guidance to $3.10 to $3.15. Note that our forward-looking guidance for the third and fourth fiscal 2008 quarters is based on an exchange rate of $1.95 U.S. to the British Pound down from $2.03 exchange rate that we used last quarter. Our projected depreciation of the British Pound has been offset by the increase in our operating performance. It further demonstrates our strong fundamentals. Our revenue guidance of $1.68 billion to $1.72 billion represents an increase of approximately 13% to 15% over fiscal 2007 revenues. This increase is after injection of approximately $16 million due to the forecasted depreciation of the British Pound and the previously announced exit from our multi-employer retirement business in North America. Our guidance by segments can be found on slide three. Our benefit revenue guidance remains the same and we are still expecting growth of 16% to 18%. We are increasing our guidance for the technology and administration solutions group to cross the 14% growth. Our guidance for the human capital group remains the same and we are still expecting 8% to 10% growth. We are revising our growth for insurance and financial services is down 5% to 7%. We are increasing our guidance for investment consulting and now expect a growth of 25% to 30%. Our diluted earnings per share for fiscal 2008 is expected to be in the range of $2.10 to $2.15, a 20% increase over fiscal 2007. If guidance assumes a 32.7% tax rate for the year and weighted average shares outstanding at 44.7 million shares for the year. We expect third quarter revenues to range from $435 million to $442 million and diluted earnings per share to range from $0.79 to $0.81 per share. Third quarter revenue guidance by segment is presented on slide four. I realize that by providing third quarter guidance and full year guidance I have also essentially given fourth quarter guidance. The guidance that we have discussed indicates that there could be some degradation in our fourth quarter margins. As we add new businesses to our portfolio through acquisitions the seasonality of our overall business can shift. For example our new German business has its peak in the second and third fiscal quarters. You will note that the operating margins in our full year guidance is greater than the 12.1% operating margin achieved last year even after consideration of the additional amortization expense. Before I turn the call back over to John I would like to close on a personal note. Today I announced my plans to retire in August. This time permits me to finish this fiscal years performance planned next year and transition my responsibilities. I will be fully engaged for the next seven months but I confess a change of pace is somewhat exciting. And now I will give the call back to John.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Carl. I really appreciate your professionalism and you dedication to Watson Wyatt and its investors. Carl has been the CFO during my entire tenure as the CEO. During the past nine years we worked together on many different and varied projects, from the early days strengthening Watson Wyatt and Company when we were a private organization, through the launch of our IPO, up to the string of acquisitions that we have done during the past few years. Carl has been a terrific partner and I shall miss him greatly. Carl and I are going to work together to ensure a smooth transition to the CFO responsibilities. In the meantime I am pleased that he is going to be with us for another seven months including two more of these earnings calls. Thank you Carl. As to this quarters results we are pleased with our performance and we continue to be optimistic about our prospects for this fiscal year. Now, we will take any questions that you may have. Question and Answer
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. And our first question comes from the line of Aswhin Shirvaikar with Citi. Please proceed.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Thank you. And fabulous results once again. Congratulations.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you Ash.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you Ash.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Carl, it will be difficult to see you go, but I am sure I will see you in the next seven months or so and maybe even after.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you. I plan on it.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Yes. The question I had the first question I have is as you guys keep meeting expectations, the market really does not reward you and your post acquisition cash balance is building up. Does it ever cross your mind that perhaps you should explore options such as going private? I mean is there specific reasons why acquisitions aside you need to be public?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think the I think Ashwin the ability to do sensible acquisitions, the ability to have a seat at the table as consolidation is occurring in our industry was an important reason why we went public to begin with and well the we look and we see what's happened in the markets from time to time you wonder exactly how you're rewarded for your performance. But overall I must say being a public company has given us some tremendous advantages and I dont think we would have been able to do the acquisitions that we have done in the past few years if we had been a private organization.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Right, what a take. Thats behind you and so going forward that was more of a going forward question.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: I guess, we're not necessarily convinced that all the consolidation is over with.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Okay. Fair enough. The question I have is on insurance. Can you go into some of the reasons why you needed to have the severance cost. I may have missed it. And what are the steps other than the severance charge it took that you need to have happened for a recovery in that unit?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me cover each of those two questions. As you know we've done that, two significant acquisitions in Europe as well as the taking on an additional business in Holland related to IF the insurance business. We've been combining that and pulling that, those management teams together and hence that service which we expect is completed now as we restructured those businesses to move forward. We're not anticipating any significant actions in that direction in the future. As what we're doing around the world to strengthen the business as I mentioned and as John mentioned we've been making some selected investments with additional people. This rare opportunity in our Asia region for this business and we have been bringing some people on there. We have been expanding the business in parts of Europe. We will watch that performance carefully and we also think that there is some additional opportunity with the software that we have developed. We expect some performance, well see how that goes and as I noted it will probably be a few quarters before we see them returning to the profitability measures that we would anticipate.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Okay. And last question. Just a clarification, the share repurchases that you did in the quarter, that you mentioned, was that incremental over and above the normal repurchase that you do to keep your share count flat?.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It was a normal share repurchase that we've been doing to avoid dilution from our in place stock purchase plan and any other plan.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: We dont, when we say that actually when we can't always perfectly match the issuance of new shares with what we buy back in a given month. But over the period of a year or so we hope to have the two of them in dollars.
Ashwin Shirvaikar - Citigroup: Right. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Fones with UBS Securities. Please proceed.
Andrew Fones - UBS Securities: Hi, Id like to also extend my best wishes to Carl.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you, Andrew.
Andrew Fones - UBS Securities: I had a question on acquisition if we do kind of see a bit of a slow down in the U.S. and perhaps in Europe. Can you perhaps explain how you think the acquisition landscape may change whether you may see additional opportunities and perhaps what you have your eye on? Thanks.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: I think, Andrew, as we think about this, it would be more from a theoretical perspective now. That is to say we know that generally when things turn down, when there are select and other difficulties, thats often when you can find the most attractive opportunities and those are opportunities of the most attractive price is what we say. And so we like being in a position where we can look among potential opportunities. We dont have anything that we're talking about right now thats a prospect that we would be going after, but we're always aware that in the professional services industry you really need to have both sides wanting to do it. Theres no such thing as successful hostile takeovers and so well wait to see what develops but we're certainly alive to different possibilities.
Andrew Fones - UBS Securities: Great. Thanks. And then, just on this strong HCG results you mentioned that some work had been pulled forward. But I was wondering if you could quantify that and perhaps even despite that you still saw strength. What drove that? Thanks.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The nature of the work that we pulled forward in our Data Services business. As to quantifying it. It might have been a point of the margin increase probably the way Id quantify it. Fundamentally the process is performing very, very well across the entire product line. We mentioned the three compensation practices as well as organizational effectiveness they are also performing very strong. So, a good piece of the margin improvement is simply tremendous work on the part of that practice, around the world.
Andrew Fones - UBS Securities: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes form the line of TC Robillard with Banc of America Securities. Please proceed.
TC Robillard - Banc of America Securities: Great. Thank you. And Carl my best wishes as well although I know well hear from you a couple of more times but congratulations on the retirement.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks.
TC Robillard - Banc of America Securities: And I just wanted to the real question that I had is more on the margins and just trying to balance out the conservative nature that you guys have consistently had with respect to your guidance going forward versus the needs for additional investments as well as what you had mentioned on the call or in your transcripts with respect to acquisitions and things like that. But I I'm just trying to balance it out because it just consistently seems that you guys are overly conservative and I think that goes back to what Ashwin was mentioning with respect to not getting full credit in the marketplace. How should we be balancing out where you guys should come out over the long term in the margins because you clearly have been well above the 12% in the first half? It doesnt seem like there is that much of a drag issue going into the second half. So, Im wondering where we can start to push this operating margin with the long-term model as we go forward?
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Let me take I said, the seasonality of margins across the fiscal year. Let me point out again that we certainly had strong margins in this quarter. Part of that again is amplified by some seasonal issues that seasonal opportunities, excuse me, not issues, are occurring both in Europe as we have the German business whose strongest peak period are in our second and third fiscal quarters and we just finished the second. So, we expect that there will be some strong quarters, strong performance next quarter and then probably a little bit of a taper off in the fourth. We also had a real peak in the technology business in the U.S. not unlike what we saw in Europe, in the March quarter two years ago, almost two years ago now, resulting from all of the systems changes that needed to happen. So, while we had a very strong 13% margin overall with great improvements in technology as well as a strong benefits performance and than any other practices, there is some tapering off there. So, were looking at margins for the year being in the 12% to 12.5% range, I would guess for the year, coming down from that in the fourth quarter because of the seasonality. We do think that over time the margins in total in the business can improve a little bit each year at least for the next couple of years and we will give you that kind of guidance as we start to look into fiscal 2009.
TC Robillard - Banc of America Securities: Okay and as were looking at the technology segment, how should we think about 60 projects and implementation in terms of rolling into service as were looking out into the next couple of years? Because I understand that obviously a bunch of that backlog is much bigger projects so, is it going to be lumpy or should we see continued just more of a linear type of progression?
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Im sure it will be somewhat lumpy but modeling that lumpiness is always a trick. This is a large just kind of law of large numbers, a large number of projects and we will increase them because were just coming into the selling season for the health and welfare area. So, I would suggest that you figure that on average theyre going to take six to nine months for implementation. And I would rule them out kind of in that, time frame. If you took an average of those and then rolled it out credit in that way, I think youd have it.
TC Robillard - Banc of America Securities: Okay and then just the last question, John. I appreciate all the granularity and the detail that you gave you know around recession, stress testing of your business model; just Im being a little lazy here in terms of all the percentages that you gave. If you can roll that out as to a ballpark number as to what percent of your business you guys feel has got some pretty good recession resistance to it? I think that would be helpful?
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Ill let Carl handle that
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And then Im sure John will editorialize we do that well together. If you look at the rest of this year, we have been, as John mentioned were here in the U.K. this week and have had meetings with our price stretchers here. I talked to the global price stretchers. The pipeline is quite full and quite solid throughout through the rest of this year as were really quite enthused and excited about it. And if thats not coming across, I just said it so you wouldnt miss it. And were not seeing any indications yet of significant softening. Now weve mentioned some seasonality but thats and a couple of one time issues but those are fundamentally the business is strong and this isnt a significant indication of a softening.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. And then, I think just to without going through all the ones again to just sum it up, I think we have a couple of practices notably HCG and probably an HCG specifically in the organizational effectiveness which is about 10% overall of HCG. Those are ones that would probably be more affected by the downturn than others. We think Benefits is really quite resilient and it would take a long while for a slow down to affect us.
TC Robillard - Banc of America Securities: Understood.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And I want to editorialize one more a little bit more. I didnt want to miss, I dont think you should miss the TSP significance either, that business was significantly, adversely affected as we went through a slow down earlier in this decade. Capital spending and technology spending just fell off, the practice actually contracted. You noted in our comments and the script that were now facing the maturing of some of these projects and are now having renewals. Some 30 renewals, thats very exciting. Those are high profitability opportunities. They are contracts that are three to five years long. So, they are a very nice foundation in the technology business out for revenue generation that we didnt have the last time around as well as the new projects that were in.
TC Robillard - Banc of America Securities: So, is it fair to assume that it sounds like just the back of the envelope math that 80%, 85% of your business should not be affected by a recession. Just again I know that there is a lot of inputs there, but just based on assuming were not going into a two year recession globally. It sounds like you guys have 85% or so of your business thats pretty resistant to that. Is that a fair ballpark?
John J. Haley - President and Chief executive Officer: I might have said 75% to 80%, but you accused me of being too conservative anyway.
TC Robillard - Banc of America Securities: All right. Fair enough, John. Thanks guys.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Mark Marcon with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird & Co: Good morning. Congratulations on the terrific results for this quarter, the last six quarters. And congratulations Carl, were all going to really miss you. Just out of curiosity, why are you retiring, Carl?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Because I am old.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird & Co: No, youre not. Youre out running everyday.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I want to retire while I still can.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay. Well deserved. I have a question in terms of the longer term. You mentioned I just wanted to ask a question with regards to why not go private since you're not getting rewarded in the public markets for your outstanding results. And you mentioned that you dont think consolidation is over. From a longer term perspective, what do you think the industry does look like, two, three years from now? And what is Watson Wyatts position going to be?
John J. Haley - President and Chief executive Officer: I think what I actually said was we're not sure that the consolidation is over in the industry. We dont know. You may remember, Mark, when we first went public, one of the reasons we gave for going public. In fact, one of the most significant ones was we wanted to be a player when acquisitions or mergers occurred. And then for a few years we did virtually none, the only ones we did were relatively small ones. And I had a lot of questions from people saying Gee, you wanted to o public to do this, but you really havent done anything. and our answer was always that we were looking for not just the right opportunities, but we also had to find willing partners to do it. And now in the period of two years, weve had an incredible number of different acquisitions and mergers that weve done. Looking out over the next couple of years, I am not sure which environment were going to be facing. Whether its going to be one where we have a lot of opportunities that we think are particularly good fits with us, or whether its going to be one that looks like the first couple of years after we went public where were willing to do something, but we just cant necessarily find the right partners for it. I think if you look at our industry overall, there are four big players including ourselves as one of them. It wouldnt surprise me if in five years from now there would still be four big players and it wouldnt surprise me if maybe theres only three. So, Im just not sure what might happen there, what we want to do is be prepared, whatever happens we are be able to take advantage of it.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird & Co: Is it your general sense that whether there are four or three big players, that those players will continue to gain share at the expense of smaller players and that the industry itself is becoming more global, and that there is a consolidation among multinational companies of their practices or their service requirements with the four big global players.
John J. Haley - President and Chief executive Officer: Yes, I mean I dont want speak for the others. Ill think we will gain market share. But I do think that the world is becoming smaller, the worlds becoming flat as they say. And we are seeing more of an interest in clients buying our services not just because we have the capabilities to service them in a particular geography they are in, but also because we have the ability to do similar things worldwide.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay. And then so Carl was saying 75 to 80% might be recession resistant. 20% to 25% might be cyclically sensitive particularly the HCG organizational effectiveness practice. If we go into recession, do you think wed still be able to grow revenue? And what do you think would happen to your margins?
John J. Haley - President and Chief executive Officer: Ill let Carl talk about the margins. I think if you were to look at the early 2000, our revenues were flat for about three years in a row. And I think the message that were really trying to give you today is we think were in a lot better place than we were then. Now, that means we would expect at least to see some small growth in our services, even if we had a downturn I mean small growth in our revenues. Carl, do you want to talk about the margins?
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. And maybe I just add one comment to what john has just suggested. Again, the length and the severity of the downturn makes a huge difference If were talking about six to 12 month dip, thats one thing, if we were to go into two year, that might cast things a little bit differently. I certainly dont think our margins would contract, and as long as our revenue is growing I would expect to us to be able to improve our margins, although, the rate of that improvement, might slow. So, I would not if I were modeling a couple different scenarios into the future, which I have done. I wouldnt take margins down, I would just slow the rate at which they might improve.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay. And it sounds like your general sense is we should under normal circumstances normal being a period of somewhat moderate GDP growth on a world wide basis, continue to experience decent margin growth like what weve seen this year relative to last year?
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay. The other question is just on the benefit side weve obviously had the Pension protection act, weve got the Coopers decision. On the human capital side, weve had changes with regards to executive compensations exposure. Where are we in terms of all of the various legislative regulatory changes, in terms of that and being a positive tailwind to your business.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Yes. I think overall what we would say Mark is that those events have certainly boosted our revenues. We think what theyve done is they pushed us up to a new plateau. We dont think they will necessarily have the same kind of increased growth, but I dont think well drop back either.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird & Co: How far along are we in the game? Are we in the in terms of Companys adjusting to all of these changes, and I left out the FASB changes, in terms of adjusting to all of these changes, are we benefiting, are we forfeiting, where would you say we are?
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Well I think it probably varies with some of them. I would say, overall for the pension changes, we are probably more in the middle of the game, in the fourth or fifth inning. I think for a lot of the executive comp changes and others, we are probably closer to the eighth inning.
Mark Marcon - Robert W. Baird & Co: Okay. Great. Thanks again and Carl again, congratulations.
Carl D. Mautz - Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks.
Operator: [Operators Instruction]. Those are all the questions we have for today. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. John Haley for closing remarks.
John J. Haley - President and Chief Executive Officer: Okay. Great. Thanks everyone for joining us. Carl and I are going to look forward to reviewing our third quarter results with you in May, so long.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining todays conference. This concludes your presentation and you may now disconnect. Good Day.
