===== 2025 Q3  (2025-01-30 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Third Quarter Fiscal 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, VP, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Stefano Caroti, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's safe harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our current and long-term strategic objectives, capital allocation, anticipated impacts from our brand and marketplace management strategies, changes in consumer behavior, strength and performance of our brands, demand for our products, product and channel distribution strategies, including DTC, plans for and the launch timing of new products, marketing plans and strategies, disruptions to our supply chain and logistics, our anticipated revenues, product mix, margins, expenses, inventory levels, promotional activity and our anticipated rate of full price selling, the expected timing of adjustments to certain brand operations, the impact of the macroeconomic environment on our operations and performance, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and our ability to achieve our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Please note, as previously disclosed, the company effected a six-for-one forward stock split during the second fiscal quarter. The share per share and resulting financial amounts mentioned on this call have been adjusted to reflect the effectiveness of the stock split. On this call, management may refer to financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, including constant currency. In addition, the company reports comparable direct-to-consumer sales on a constant currency basis for operations that were open throughout the current and prior reporting periods. The company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are important indicators of its operating performance because they exclude items that are unrelated to and may not be indicative of its core operating results. With that, I'll now turn it over to Stefano.
Stefano Caroti: Thank you, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. It's great to be here with you today to discuss our superb third quarter, the largest and most profitable in Deckers’ history. UGG and HOKA continued to drive our success, as both brands are creating unique and innovative products with purpose that are increasingly embraced by consumers worldwide. Highlights of our record third quarter performance include revenue growing 17% over last year to $1.8 billion, gross margins improving to 60.3%, and diluted earnings per share increasing 19% to $3. We are very proud of the exceptional quarter just completed, thanks to the hard work of our global teams. I want to especially recognize employees supporting our distribution centers, retail stores, customer and consumer experience, e-commerce, marketing, planning and allocation, merchandising and sales, who collectively contributed to the successful execution of our largest quarter ever. Once again, our brands were able to maintain a high degree of full price business, while competing with more promotional brand in the global marketplace, choosing to prioritize brand health. As we continue to manage and build our brands and business for the long-term, we're even more encouraged by what Deckers has delivered over the last nine months. Our fiscal year-to-date performance, as compared to last year, includes significant revenue growth in key areas, with HOKA increasing 29%, UGG growing 15%, international markets rising 28%, and balance increases of 19% across the DTC and wholesale channels. The shape of our growth and evolution of our business is directly tied to our long-term strategies and guiding principles, which provide the foundation for how we manage our brands to maintain a pull model of demand. Overall, Deckers' third quarter and fiscal year-to-date performance has exceeded our expectations. Our increased revenue outlook for fiscal '25 now calls for 15% growth, which would be our fifth consecutive year of growing mid-teens or higher. Steve will provide further details on third quarter performance and this updated outlook later in the call. But before that, I will share brand highlights from the third quarter. Starting with UGG. Global revenue in the third quarter increased 16% versus last year to $1.2 billion. From a channel perspective, UGG delivered balanced revenue growth of 16% versus last year across both direct-to-consumer and wholesale. UGG DTC channel highlights in the third quarter include strong growth across all global markets, gains with new and existing consumers, as the brand experienced double-digit increases in both acquisition and retention, a 25% increase in UGG Reward members and encouraging progress for UGG Men's, with growth outpacing total brand growth in the channel. In the wholesale channel, UGG experienced growth across all regions, with the majority of the increased revenue coming from international markets. Close partnerships with influential retailers continue to elevate the UGG brand and enhance global exposure with target consumers. During the third quarter, I collaborated to create special corner shop takeovers with Selfridges in London and Nordstrom in New York City. Both of these partnerships were activated with on-site events and media that drove great brand buzz and connections with consumers. Across the global wholesale marketplace, we believe that UGG was a top performing brand in the holiday quarter, highlighted by exceptional levels of full price sell-through that drove healthy margins for our partners and lean inventory in the channel exiting the month of December. We believe the UGG brand's success around the world results from a purposeful product assortment that is informed by consumer insights and infused with UGG brand codes. This approach has driven consistent product performance throughout the fiscal year with progress in key segments, including icons (ph) reimagined , with the Tasman and Ultra Mini franchises continuing to experience strong global adoption from consumers. Hybrid versatility as the emerging Golden and Lowmel collections experienced rapid sellouts, while the Weather Hybrid collection more than doubled versus the prior year, a new Winter lifestyle highlighted by the Mini Dipper's success in the U.S. and EMEA. The UGG team continues to build brand heat and relevance through powerful collaborations. During the quarter, I was able to reach a new audience and elevate the in-line assortment through the release of two highly sought-after collaborations with Los Angeles based fashion brand Gallery Department and U.K.-based skate brand Palace. These partnerships featured iconic styles, such as the Tasman and the Ultra Mini, which gained global exposure from being spotted on influential professional athletes and music superstars. The success of these iconic styles is closely linked to the emerging hybrid styles in the assortment. The Goldenstar Clog continued to see strong global growth in the quarter, and we saw consumers in the U.S. and in Europe embrace the Lowmel as a lifestyle sneaker, lending the style in the UGG brand's top 10 during the third quarter. Adding to our enthusiasm for the UGG sneaker success, we've just added sizing for men's and kids and also launched a companion style, the Low Lowmel (ph), that hits low to the ankle and is built with greater versatility for warmer months. In other hybrid collection that performed well in the quarter was the UGG brand's weatherized hybrids, featured as part of our men's focused marketing campaign starting Post Malone. This campaign drove significant increases in search and engagement, with over 3 billion impressions in the U.S. alone for both the product collection and the UGG brand overall. Through high impact out-of-home content, media placement with Amazon Thursday Night Football, ESPN and Spotify and a 10 day experiential field house retail pop-up store that culminated with a VIP performance by Post Malone. This campaign represents great progress in our journey to increase connections with male consumers around the world, even propelling the Tasman with a hybrid to become the UGG brand's number one men's style in China this past quarter, a region where the brand continues to make solid headway. At the same time, we're seeing strong adoption of our UGG Men's product among professional athletes, a group that often shapes the future of fashion. Altogether, this was a splendid quarter for UGG, as the brand continues to perform in a league of its own. Heading into the final stretch of fiscal '25, UGG is delivering on the objectives we set for the year, with balanced growth across channels driven by outsized growth from international markets and maintain strength in the U.S. We believe this special brand can continue to deliver sustainable growth through distinctive and ownable category segments that are uniquely UGG. Congratulations to Anne and her entire UGG team on these amazing accomplishments and the bright future ahead. As UGG has continued to solidify its positioning as a leading global lifestyle brand, I would like to provide an update regarding the Koolaburra brand. To maintain focus on our most significant organic opportunities, we're planning to phase out the Koolaburra brand standalone product collections and operations. As part of this change, we expect to sunset koolaburra.com at the end of this fiscal year and wind down Koolaburra in the wholesale channel throughout the calendar year 2025. We'll provide a more complete update on this forthcoming change during our earning call in May as part of our forward-looking guidance for fiscal year 2026. Okay. Shifting to the HOKA brand. Global revenue in the third quarter increased 24% versus last year to $531 million. From a channel perspective, HOKA delivered impressive revenue growth versus last year throughout the global marketplace as DTC increased 27% with strong growth across every region and wholesale grew 21%, primarily driven by outside increases from international distributor markets, as we prepare the marketplace for upcoming key franchise upgrades. HOKA DTC channel highlights in the quarter include accelerated growth in the APAC region, with China contributing the largest incremental dollar revenue of all international regions, persisting gains in consumer acquisition and retention, the latter of which was particularly strong, indicating a high degree of loyalty from existing consumers and increased mix of business from trail categories, which drove outsized growth in part due to the introduction of the Kaha Frost weather collection. The Kaha Frost collection features the HOKA brand's first cold weather ready styles, including a $280 hiking boot and $200 slipper moccasin, both of which are trail-ready with Vibram (ph) mega grip outsole. The consumer response was excellent around the globe, driving impressive sell-throughs and generating great breadth for the brand, including being named the Best Multifunctional Hiking Shoe of 2024 by GOGO Shanghai, an influential annual publication of lifestyle awards in China, and a Must Have Item for a Week in the Mountains by [indiscernible] (14:05). In the wholesale channel, our primary focus during the quarter was to set the stage for the Bondi 9 launch by moving through existing inventory of the Bondi 8 while also driving high full price sell-throughs across the lineup of innovative products we've introduced throughout the year. As brand awareness and consumer appetite for HOKA continues to build, we're excited to be adding select doors with our strategic partners worldwide in conjunction with the start of our Spring 2025 season. During the third quarter, the HOKA team did an outstanding job in driving consumer engagement with the brand through events and activations around the world. Key global moments included HOKA being the second most warm brand at the Foot Locker Cross Country High School National Championships in the U.S., hosting HOKA FlyLab experiences at the Frankfurt Marathon in Germany and the IRONMAN 70.3 World Championships in Taupo, New Zealand, and producing a benchmark consumer experience at the Shanghai Marathon, where HOKA was the fifth most worn brand. As you can tell, our marketing teams are working hard to maintain and build performance credibility while growing global brand awareness through activations in key cities. The HOKA brand's shoe count achievements are made possible by the HOKA product team's laser focus to build product solutions that deliver transformational experiences for consumers around the world. HOKA has two exciting products launching in the fourth quarter, which are the Bondi 9 and a 2.0 update to our fastest and most technically advanced race shoe, the Cielo X1. Having just launched a couple of weeks ago, we are very pleased with the early consumer response to the Bondi 9, with the new premium midsole, increased tack heigh, a 3D molded collar, this franchise has been upgraded from top to bottom, providing a soft, yet resilient ride for everyday miles. The Bondi 9 release is the HOKA brand's most globally integrated launch to date, supported and enhanced by our Everybody Bondi Marketing campaign with out-of-home content on high traffic displays in key cities around the world, a Bondi 9-week Fitness Challenge that culminates in participants completing a 9-mile run, partnering with local and global influencers, including decorated U.S. Olympic gymnast Suni Lee, and activations at regional and global events such as the Miami Marathon, Paris Half Marathon and London Winter Run. While the Bondi 9 represents a significant upgrade to one of our most accessible franchises, we've also enhanced our pinnacle ratio, the Cielo X1, making it faster and smoother for the highest performing athletes. In the 2.0 version of the Cielo X1, we've tweaked the rocker and geometry to provide greater stability without adding weight, enabling greater speed through the toe transition. Commercially available in February, this is a shoe that we have been testing with our athletes for months now and have high hopes to see on podiums in the future. HOKA has an exciting future ahead with a strong pipeline of new innovations and a growing global marketplace to serve the brand's increasing demand. Thanks, everyone. I'll now hand it over to Steve to detail our third quarter financial results and provide an update to our fiscal year '25 guidance.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Stefano, and good afternoon, everyone. Our record third quarter performance illustrates the continued strength and robust momentum of the UGG and HOKA brands. As Stefano mentioned, UGG delivered another exceptional quarter of results as the brand attracts and maintains consumers around the world with a relevant and elevated product assortment. HOKA continues to deliver solid controlled global growth as the brand builds market share with performance products that consumers love. Our team's disciplined long-term approach to managing these brands' respective global marketplaces supports our pull model while sustaining exceptional levels of full price selling. Our results this quarter again demonstrate the power of our model and disciplined marketplace management. Maintaining this flexible operating model, we will continue to build these incredible brands with long-term health top of mind. Now let's get to the details of our third quarter results. Third quarter fiscal 2025 revenue was $1.83 billion, representing an increase of 17% versus the prior year on a reported and constant currency basis. Growth in the quarter was primarily driven by UGG increasing 16% versus last year, delivering record quarterly revenue of $1.24 billion, with particularly strong demand captured later in the quarter as we maintained favorable inventory on key styles relative to the prior year and consistent strength across the HOKA brand's global marketplace, with HOKA growing 24% versus last year to deliver quarterly revenue of $531 million. Further on UGG, I would note that the brand experienced a strong December selling period relative to our last year. Our increased and earlier inventory position aided our ability to fulfill orders during the third quarter on key styles compared to the prior year. Recall that in the third quarter of last year, we sold out of key styles that were later fulfilled in Q4. While this dynamic was a tailwind to our third quarter performance this year, it is highly likely to have an adverse comparison impact on the UGG brand's current quarter. Gross margin for the third quarter was 60.3%, up 160 basis points from last year's 58.7%. Third quarter gross margin benefited from favorable product mix, primarily due to higher margin products within UGG driving a larger percentage of growth, reduced closeouts to the wholesale channel, higher levels of full price selling for UGG and a small benefit from favorable foreign currency exchange rates, with partial offsets from higher freight costs and an increased discounting for HOKA as anticipated, primarily related to preparing the marketplace for key model upgrade. While we are proud to deliver this record gross margin, I would caution that the extremely high levels of full price selling and very low levels of wholesale closeouts are abnormal and not something we would normally expect to repeat going forward. Further, though we experienced a small revenue and gross margin benefit from favorable foreign currency exchange rates in the third quarter, we have since seen rates move against us, and as a result, expect to face an FX headwind in the upcoming quarter. SG&A dollar spend in the third quarter was $535 million, up 25% versus last year's $429 million, as we continue investing in key areas of the business. As a percentage of revenue, SG&A was 29.3%, which is above last year's rate of 27.5%, primarily driven by increased marketing spend, unfavorable impacts from foreign currency exchange rate remeasurement, and higher headcount across strategic growth areas of the business. Our tax rate for the quarter was 21.8%, which compares to 21.9% for the prior year. These results culminated in diluted earnings per share of $3 for the quarter, which is $0.48 above last year's $2.52 diluted earnings per share, representing EPS growth of 19%. Turning to our balance sheet. At December 31, 2024, we ended December with $2.2 billion of cash and equivalents. Inventory was $577 million, up 7% versus the same point in time last year and during the period, we had no outstanding borrowings. During the third quarter, we repurchased approximately $45 million worth of shares at an average price of $162.85. As of December 31, 2024, the company had approximately $641 million remaining authorized for share repurchase. Now moving into our updated guidance for fiscal year 2025. Based on the strong demand experienced in the third quarter, we are raising our full year revenue expectations to just above $4.9 billion, which equates to approximately 15% growth, which compares to our prior guidance for growth of approximately 12%. From a brand standpoint, we now expect UGG revenue growth of approximately 10%, up from our prior expectations of mid-single digits as a result of stronger global demand. And with continued execution against our full year expectation, we still expect HOKA to increase approximately 24% versus last year. While we do not provide quarterly guidance, we acknowledge that with only one quarter left in our fiscal year, this provides visibility into our anticipated fourth quarter growth expectations and we realized that while we have increased our full year guidance, this update highlights distorted growth rates implied in the fourth quarter for our two largest brands, each for unique reasons. For the UGG brand, as planned, our improved product in-stock positioning versus the prior year allowed us to satisfy incremental consumer demand during our third quarter. While in the prior year, we ran low on product availability and continue to catch up to fulfill demand through Q4 last year. This year, we believe this demand was captured in Q3. Given how strong UGG has performed year-to-date, we are limited in the fourth quarter by available inventory left to sell. For HOKA, our guidance implies the fourth quarter to be the largest volume quarter for the brand ever. This is on top of last year's fourth quarter that included a significant amount of sell-in to wholesale accounts related to door expansion as we set up fiscal year 2025. And while this creates some year-on-year variations in the quarterly growth rates, we are still on track to achieve an annual growth rate of 24%. Then, with the strong gross margin achieved in the third quarter, we are increasing our full year expectation to now be at or slightly better than 57% as we recognize the exceptional levels of full price selling UGG achieved in the third quarter and continued product mix benefits, but maintain our expectation for continued freight headwinds and a more promotional and closeout environment in the balance of the year as compared to last year's unusually low levels. And as mentioned, a headwind from unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates in the fourth quarter. SG&A is still expected to be approximately 35%, aligned with our commitment to continue investing responsibly to support the long-term sustainable growth of our business. With these adjustments, we now expect an operating margin of approximately 22%. We expect our effective tax rate to be approximately 23.5%. And as a result of our improved revenue and gross margin expectation, we are increasing our diluted earnings per share expectations to now be in the range of $5.75 to $5.80. Please note, this guidance excludes any unforeseen charges that may be considered non-recurring to our ongoing business or impact from any future share repurchases. Additionally, our guidance assumes no meaningful deterioration of current risks and uncertainties that may include, but are not limited to, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in consumer confidence and recessionary pressures, inflationary pressures, supply chain disruptions and geopolitical tensions. We are proud of the outstanding third quarter and year-to-date results that our brands have delivered thus far in fiscal year 2025. As our guidance for the full fiscal year indicates, we expect to report Deckers' fifth consecutive year of double-digit top line revenue growth while continuing to deliver top-tier levels of operating profitability. I remain confident in our in-demand brands, which benefit from our flexible model and robust financial profile, that we believe continue to position us well to drive sustainable growth over the long-term. With that, I'll now hand the call back to Stefano for his final remarks.
Stefano Caroti: Thank you, Steve. This was truly a special quarter, highlighting the strength of our industry-leading brands. UGG and HOKA continued to drive consistent full price growth through the purposeful creation of relevant, distinct and innovative products that are meeting the demands of our consumers who are discovering our products in a well-managed global marketplace. I'm confident that we'll continue to execute our strategy in the fourth quarter to close another great year for Deckers. Looking ahead to fiscal '26, our teams have set the foundation for continued growth with an exciting pipeline of products to come. We remain dedicated to our long-term strategies of building HOKA to become a leading performance brand through disruptive innovation, growing UGG through the evolution of iconic franchises and the creation of new icons, expanding our DTC business through consumer acquisition and retention, and increasing our international business through the implementation of our successful domestic playbook. As we execute against these strategies, we remain committed to maintaining our financial discipline to deliver top-tier levels of profitability, and we'll continue to be guided by our consumer-first mindset, brand-led philosophy, emphasis on innovation and globally driven approach. On behalf of our management team, I want to express our sincere gratitude to all of our employees for their continued efforts to build the future of Deckers. Thank you all for joining us today, and thank you to our shareholders for your continued support. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Jay Sole from UBS. Your line is open.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much. Stefano, I'm wondering if you can sort of pull together a couple of the different themes that you brought up in the prepared remarks. One is just how you're managing the brand, particularly HOKA for the long term and protecting the health of the brand, even in a promotional environment? And then maybe sort of connected to how you're thinking about fourth quarter, how you're thinking about growth by channel? And then maybe you talked about the Bondi 9 launch and the Cielo -- the next version of the Cielo X1. Can you just talk about some other product launches do you have coming beyond March? And if you still think that HOKA is the type of brand that can deliver 20% growth on an annual basis post this fiscal year? Thank you.
Stefano Caroti: Hey, Jay. HOKA is a transformational brand that has the potential of becoming one of the major brands in the athletic footwear space. Our strategy for HOKA has stayed consistent throughout the globe. It's about building awareness and consideration, delivering compelling innovation stories and managing the marketplace for long-term and sustainable growth. In terms of the Bondi 9, we're very pleased with the Bondi 9 launch so far. It's happening in a controlled retail environment, but we are very, very encouraged with the early response to the Bondi 9. In terms of additional launches, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the Cielo X1 is launching in February, that's going to be our fastest shoe to-date. It's an upgrade over the previous model that we launched a year ago. We have the Clifton 10 launching in April. And as you guys know, Clifton 10 is our biggest franchise. In May, we are launching a new product in the trail category, not an enormous program, but it's a pinnacle, a shoe called the Mafate X, which is going to be followed by the Arahi 8, which is a motion controlled shoe and one of our biggest franchises. So we have a strong lineup of innovation stories hitting in Q4 and in the first half of fiscal '26. I think you may have another question?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. And I think it was -- you had kind of talked about how do we think about growth for HOKA. Jay, this is Steve. I think this is really, as Stefano said, about how we manage the marketplace. And it's not about necessarily chasing growth for the sake of increasing growth rates. We are building this brand for the long-term. We want to sustain growth for the long term. I think you see us as innovative leaders in the space. And so really, it's about how we continue to grow global market share with the right cadence, right? And again, it's not trying to do too much too soon. I think what you've seen us do is continue to build this brand. We think the global opportunity exists. You're seeing kind of that demonstrated. We haven't given targets yet for next year, that will be something that comes up on our next call on the year-end as we give guidance out into the future. But this is really about how we continue to build this brand for the long term, continue to build it successfully across the globe. And so it's not, again, about necessarily chasing numbers. It's about how we continue just to build the base.
Jay Sole: Got it. Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Vasilescu from BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good afternoon, Stefano and Steve. Thank you very much for taking my question. I wanted to follow up on Jay's question with regards to the HOKA launches that are coming up. I think Stefano, to your point, you've mentioned that Clifton is the largest franchise. I think Arahi is maybe potentially the third largest franchise. I know you don't have any DTC read-throughs on that, but I'd just love to get what the reception is from some of your key retail partners. And then on the domestic growth in 3Q of 11%, just curious to know if there was a balance there between the two key brands and how should we think about domestic growth over time? That would be very helpful. Thank you.
Stefano Caroti: Yes. As I said, Bondi has been -- we're very pleased with the Bondi launch. And the reaction to both Clifton and Arahi 8 has been very positive from the trade. Again, we don't have any consumer read just yet, but both models booked well and within our expectations. But again, to Steve's point, we want to manage the environment. We want to drive a pull model and continue to drive the scarcity that we've created so far.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I think, Laurent, just in terms of the last part of the question fell off a little bit, but I think it was kind of how are we thinking about the kind of growth rates in between quarters. And I think just one thing I'll bring up is at the beginning of this year, we said growth rates between quarters was going to be kind of moving in different directions. It wasn't necessarily going to be consistent across the year. And I think you're seeing that, and that's why we call that out in Q4, that is not an indication of any change in demand. The demand for these brands is still incredible. This is about how we're managing, again, the marketplace with the inventory that we have. And you're seeing that kind of with the success that we've had with UGG in Q3. We run a scarcity model. It continues to drive demand. And we're -- again, we're not chasing outsized numbers just for the sake of delivering a higher number. This is again about long-term sustainable growth. As it relates to HOKA, I think one of the things that you're seeing in Q4 is a comparison to last year. So as you recall, last year, what we talked about was opening up new points of distribution within wholesale. A lot of that sell-in happened in Q4, the sell-through happened in FY '25. So on that dynamic, the comparison does look a little bit distorted, as I said in the prepared remarks. So again, this is not about any change in how we're thinking about demand. This is about how we're managing these brands, again, for the long-term, that's why we don't guide quarterly. We're not getting hung up on these quarterly compares. These brands continue to resonate with consumers and are doing incredibly well.
Laurent Vasilescu: Very helpful. And then beyond the quarters, to your point, Steve, I think 18 months ago, I think it was called out that over time, you can achieve $5 billion to $6 billion in sales as a company. The guide today effectively gets to that range. How do we think about longer term the opportunity going forward? Could we see a path? I know you don't do investors, but can we see a path to effectively $7 billion to $8 billion? Are there limitations to the brand -- put to both brands that could -- that would prevent you to get to that kind of number over time?
Stefano Caroti: I don't think there are any limitations to the brands. The brands are performing very well in the marketplace. UGG is stronger than it's ever been. UGG, remember, used to be a boot and a slipper brand, and now we're playing in sneakers, we're playing in clogs, we're playing in sandals. So the brand is more solid and more balanced than it's ever been across seasons, genders. All our genders are growing in double-digits. It's been fantastic. And the HOKA brand has the potential of being one of the major players in the performance base. So I think, yeah, aspirationally, we definitely want to get there over time.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. And I think, Laurent, we're not giving any long-term targets on here. But I think as we've demonstrated this year, right, both brands continue to perform above our level of expectations. But we're not going to let them run away either. So this is again about how do we continue to fulfill the demand that we're seeing in the marketplace, but at the same time, keep control of our brands in the marketplace. And that's what you're going to see us deliver, that hasn't changed. We still have incredible confidence in our ability to grow the brands. But again, I think you would agree disciplined managers of the marketplace. And you see the benefit of that in terms of the growth that we're delivering, combined with the gross margins that we're delivering. So good question. Nothing has changed on the front of how we're thinking about the opportunity, other than we continue to see these brands perform very well with consumers.
Stefano Caroti: Yes. We don’t want to be in a position to have to trade brand equity for short-term revenue.
Laurent Vasilescu: Very helpful, Stefano and Steve. Thank you very much and best of luck.
Stefano Caroti: Thanks, Laurent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of John Kernan from TD Cowen. Your line is open.
John Kernan: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. So maybe just to go back to Laurent's question a bit. How did the 12% growth in the U.S. compare to your expectations? And maybe talk to the drivers of that growth? Also, within that, how should we think about international growth potential both in Q4 and then where you see the most opportunity internationally into fiscal '26?
Stefano Caroti: Yeah. The U.S. grew to our expectations. It's our biggest market. As you know, it's two-thirds of our business, and they performed super well. So we'll expect international to outpace the U.S. in terms of percentage growth. That's what we said over time, we'd like international to be 50% of sales. And going into Q4 and fiscal '26, yes, we continue to expect international to outpace the U.S.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I think, John, just a little bit more color kind of on how we saw a bit of that play out in Q3 and how that is impacting Q4. So to Stefano's point, definitely kind of continuing to see our brands perform well, largely aligned with our expectation. I think some of the timing of that probably happened a little bit earlier than what we anticipated. And so you saw some of those UGG sales especially come forward from our expectations. So it's part of the inventory issue that we're dealing with in Q4 and an ability with the stock-outs that you're seeing on our most popular styles. So that's a bit of a limitation. But again, that's okay because it continues to drive brand heat and demand for our brands. In terms of then how we're thinking about the international growth, again, as we said a few years ago, continue to grow these brands domestically, but to large numbers, knowing that the percentage growth would be a little bit less, turning much more focus on the international growth rates. And I think the quarter demonstrated how strong our international business performed. And we're continuing to see these brands resonate extremely well across the globe and in the international markets.
John Kernan: That's helpful. Maybe just one follow-up. A lot of questions on top line so far, but the operating margin profile of the business is the highest among the sector peers. As you look at HOKA and UGG, what opportunities are left to improve or maintain this level of margin rate while still reinvesting to grow the business?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. Good question. And I think the – again, the power of the scarcity model, people paying full price for these brands. It’s – as these brands get bigger, and we’ve said this in the past, it’s going to be difficult to maintain this level of margin. We continue to see pressures, whether it’s inflationary pressures or foreign exchange pressures growing. So I think you’re seeing some of that impact our Q4. So as you model out the year, you’ll see that we are seeing some impacts related to that, including freight. Our ability to maintain these brands will continue to command high gross margin levels. But you are going to have some other factors that will be impacting our ability to maintain these or deliver these. So stay tuned. We’ll continue to evaluate the year. We anticipate some pressures in Q4. But as you point out, these are incredible brands that are delivering incredible margins. Some of the other macro effects are going to affect everybody, but there will be some pressures and headwinds in kind of the months and year to come.
John Kernan: Understood. Thank you. Best of luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Komp from Baird. Your line is open.
Jonathan Komp: Yeah. Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you. The commentary on the fourth quarter was really helpful, but the consolidated growth rate looks very low and the lowest you've seen in a while. So I'm just wondering, given the positive commentary you have on consumer demand, as we look forward into 2026, should we be thinking that double-digit growth is possible again or just any other context that you could provide?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. Sure, Jon. So again, we aren't giving guidance in terms of next year. In terms of how we think about these brands and how they are resonating with consumers has not changed. We continue to see demand. You see it on our website. If you go to our popular styles on UGG, you're seeing them sold out. So some of the percentage -- and this is why we always talk about trying not to get too hung up on quarters because quarters are not an indicative underlying indicator of the health of the brand. These brands are performing incredibly well with consumers. But again, we're going to control some of that market. We're not going to necessarily try to feed all the demand that's out there. To the prior question, that is what's helping feed some of these exceptionally high level gross margin levels. So I think, again, Q4, as we indicated at the beginning of the year, there was going to be some flow of product that was going to impact growth rates within the quarters. That's what's played out. So this is not necessarily a surprise to us. We've increased our outlook on the year given the performance that we've had, and we'll continue to manage the business. We are not looking at the business any differently today than we were a couple of weeks ago or 6 months ago. These brands are incredible. And that's what we're going to continue to manage.
Jonathan Komp: Yeah. That's really helpful. And if I could just ask one follow-up on HOKA. Could you share what you're seeing out there in terms of the competitive dynamics, either now or over the next few quarters? And then just updated thoughts on how you're thinking about distribution going forward for HOKA. Thank you.
Stefano Caroti: Yeah. As I said in my prepared remarks, Jonathan, we are going to be very selective and thoughtful in our distribution of HOKA. Yes, we’ll be opening a few more doors, especially internationally. But we continue to be very thoughtful. In terms of competitive landscape, all brands are offering better products. What is fortunate for us is that we have a strong lineup of great innovation stories that we believe will do well in the marketplace. As I said, Bondi 9 early read is very positive. And some of the innovation stories that I mentioned booked very well in wholesale for the back – for Q4 and the first half of next year.
Jonathan Komp: That’s great. Thanks again.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Paul Lejuez from Citi. Your line is open.
Paul Lejuez: Hey. Thanks, guys. Within the wholesale channel, can you remind us what percent of your business you would consider specialty running, how that channel performed for you? And then also as you look out to F '26, how many stores do you have -- new stores on the HOKA front do you have in the pipeline for '26 and on what base is that? And any color you can give on where those stores might be opening? Thanks.
Stefano Caroti: Yeah. Starting with the stores. Paul, we don't disclose a number of stores. Our strategy is about building presence in key cities. And you've -- where we've seen the high concentration of the brand stores so far, London, Paris, New York, L.A., Tokyo, Shanghai, Beijing, we've opened stores there this year, and they're performing very well. So that's where you'll see an expansion of door count -- on an operated door count. We'll be opening a flagship in Shanghai on May 7 next year. And -- but we don't disclose the number of stores we'll be opening. We also will be opening partner stores, especially in Asia and as our partners continue to develop the brand in those marketplaces. Your first question was on...
Steve Fasching: It was HOKA wholesale.
Stefano Caroti: HOKA wholesale, on specialty, we don't disclose the percentage of business we do by channel. But the HOKA brand continues to perform well in that channel and some of the exclusive we've given that channel like the Skyflow has performed super well.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. And I think also, just to recall because your referencing kind of the wholesale growth. So I think just recall that a year ago, in FY ‘24, we really didn’t grow wholesale. So FY ‘25 was the year that we were expanding wholesale doors, so more distribution points. That is what led into that Q4 last year higher wholesale number because we were selling in product that would sell through after April 1. This year, we don’t have that dynamic. So we’re not increasing our wholesale door count going into FY ‘26 like we were in FY ‘25. So continued expansion, not the extent this year that you saw last year.
Paul Lejuez: Got it. Thank you. Good luck.
Stefano Caroti: All right.
Steve Fasching: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Samuel Poser from Williams Trading.
Samuel Poser: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I guess, Erinn, I only have two, the Teva and the other since he gave us everything else. And then I have other questions.
Erinn Kohler: Sure, Sam. I believe you're probably referring to global wholesale and distributor for each brand for the third quarter. So I can provide that. So for the UGG brand, global wholesale and distributor was approximately $468 million. HOKA was approximately $305 million. Teva was approximately $19 million, and that leaves Other of approximately $24 million.
Samuel Poser: Okay. Thanks. And so Steve, you brought up the fact that -- sort of more normalized markdowns happening in Q4, which you expected more normalized markdowns all year. Given that -- and I doubt that's happening in HOKA, there's planned markdowns in HOKA as you convert to the Clifton 10. But what -- why should we expect markdowns? I mean, unless it happens in March, when like -- you won't have anything left anyway because all our checks are saying everything is selling at full price right now?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. So the way we're looking at it, Sam -- and again, we'll see how it plays out in Q4. We are anticipating kind of with the product that's sold in Q3. So again, we're looking at year-on-year comparisons stronger products selling at full price in Q3 with some of the inventory that's remaining in Q4, an expectation that we might experience some more closeouts. We'll see how that plays out. In addition, as you pointed out, we do have some model changeover. So there's a bit of seasonal close out this year that we anticipate will be higher than it was last year plus with some of the model changeovers. This year, you're going to have some additional closeouts in Q4 of this year to move some of that inventory out.
Samuel Poser: Okay. Also, is there a chance you could give us what the EBIT margin -- I know it comes out in the Q, but could you give us the EBIT margin for UGG wholesale, HOKA wholesale and the DTC? Or do we have to wait for the Q for that?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. Why don't you wait for the Q? That will be out early next week, so...
Samuel Poser: And then last -- I mean, I still don't understand it. The operating -- I mean, every -- you said the same thing, but you manage the business well. You had like a record gross margin in the quarter even with the markdowns. So now in Q4, you have -- you're expecting normal -- I hate to beat a dead horse here, but you're talking about normalized -- more normalized promotional activity. We know about the Clifton, and then you have the headwind of -- you have some FX headwind. But you also have a bigger international growth, which is, I think, is an offset. So I mean -- and probably more weighted to DTC because of the issue you brought up with HOKA and the big shipments in last year. So why would -- that's a benefit. I'm very confused, and FX should also be a benefit on SG&A, which you maintained?
Steve Fasching: Yeah, to kind of move on, Sam. I think the -- basically, the two issues on the gross margin because you're kind of now talking different margins, but let's stick with gross margin. So the freight issue that we have this Q4, we did not have last year. So we were continuing to benefit last year Q4 with unsustainably low freight rates, and we've called that out, right? Those came in during the year, about midpoint, a little bit earlier than midpoint this year. So that is a headwind for us and a fairly significant one, probably in the 150 basis point range for the freight hit that we anticipate for Q4. So the other -- the FX on the gross margin, while you call it out correctly, there is a bit of a benefit in the SG&A. There is a hit related to Q4 as the dollar has strengthened. So that will be another headwind. So again, kind of macro conditions that are impacting our gross margins that we really don't have much control over in that respect.
Samuel Poser: And you break out -- you just gave us 150 basis points for freight. Can you give us sort of how you're foreseeing the gross margin to play in a range to say, well, you gave us freight. Can you give us FX on the headwind side? And can you give us promotions on the headwind side? And then, I guess, tailwinds on some kind of mix perspective? As you've guided...
Steve Fasching: Sure. I think on -- kind of on the FX, call it, in the 50 basis point range. And then on the closeout promos could be up to 100 basis points.
Samuel Poser: And then on the other side of it, like mix and geographic and channel mix, I assume those are positive?
Steve Fasching: Yeah, they will be, but less – I would call it less than 50 basis points all-in.
Samuel Poser: Okay. All right. Thanks very much continued success.
Steve Fasching: All right. Thanks, Sam.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Chris Nardone from Bank of America. Your line is open.
Christopher Nardone: Great. Thanks, guys. Good afternoon. Can you elaborate some more on the Clifton 10 launch? Just want to confirm if most of the initial sell-in will be recognized in the fourth quarter? And if there's any changes to your product segmentation strategy since you have an expanded door count? Then on the Clifton 9, is there any way we can think about the impact to sales and margins from sunsetting that product ahead of the Clifton 10 launch?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. So just on the margins, a little bit on the Clifton 10. We're going to be flowing that product. So it won't necessarily all be a Q4 event. Some of that will trickle into Q1. We haven't disclosed kind of that. Some of that will be wholesale selling in Q4 that is included in our guidance and anticipated. Some of the flow will actually also happen in Q1. In terms of the margin hits on the Clifton 9, that's embedded. And so in that number I just gave Sam of around 100 basis points anticipated as a part of that among other product is part of that Clifton 9 closeout. So that's embedded in some of that gross margin movement that we've guided to.
Christopher Nardone: Got it. That’s very clear. Thank you.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q2  (2024-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Second Quarter Fiscal 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, VP, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning.
Erinn Kohler: Hello and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Stefano Caroti, President and Chief Executive Officer and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our current and long-term strategic objectives, capital allocation, anticipated impacts from our brand and marketplace management strategies, changes in consumer behavior, strength and performance of our brands, demand for our products, product and channel distribution strategies, including direct-to-consumer, plans for and the launch timing of new products, marketing plans and strategies, our supply chain and logistics, our anticipated revenues, product mix, margins, expenses, inventory levels and promotional activity, the impact of the macroeconomic environment on our operations and performance, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, and our ability to achieve our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on the information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Also, during the second quarter, the company effected a six for one forward stock split as referenced in the company's release on September 13, 2024. The share per share and resulting financial amounts mentioned on this call have been adjusted to reflect the effectiveness of the stock split, including prior period metrics. On this call, management may refer to financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States including constant currency. In addition, the company reports comparable direct-to-consumer sales on a constant currency basis for operations that were open throughout the current and prior reporting periods. The company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are important indicators of its operating performance because they exclude items that are unrelated to and may not be indicative of its core operating results. With that, I'll now turn it over to Stefano.
Stefano Caroti: Thank you, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining today's call. I'm delighted to report on our impressive second quarter results today. And with this being my first call as CEO, I'd like to share my approach to driving Decker's continued success. The business has come a long way over the past few years, and we are executing on the long-term strategy established throughout my tenure with Deckers. As we look ahead, we're honing on four guiding principles to help us build upon our recent wins and amplify the power of our brands and organization, while remaining true to our proven fundamentals. Starting off, our consumer-first mindset harnesses insights and feedback to create distinctive products that resonate with a growing audience. Next, our brand less philosophy for product creation and marketplace positioning leverages our unique brand codes for consistent, elevated experiences that prioritize long-term brand health. Third, we're innovation forward, committed to creating leading edge performance technologies and unique designs that deliver tangible consumer benefits. And finally, we're globally driven, aiming to diversify and build international markets for a more balanced business expanding regionally and strategically through various channels. In this new leadership role, I intend to build upon our established foundation. These guiding principles have fueled our successful years, and we are enforcing them as cornerstones of our future growth. With our strong operating model and strategic focus on key opportunities for again HOKA, we're well-positioned to drive long-term brand health, prosperity and sustained success. Now let's dive into the highlights of our second quarter, which include revenue growing 20% versus last year to $1.3 billion, healthy gross margins of 55.9% and diluted earnings per share increasing 39% to $1.59, compared to last year's $1.14 per share. These excellent results reflect the continued strength of our full-price demand enabled by innovative products that resonate with consumers, disciplined global marketplace management and thoughtful product segmentation. Key revenue drivers behind Decker's first half growth of 21% versus last year include HOKA increasing 32%, UGG growing 13%, total company international increasing 28% and total company B2C and wholesale, both growing more than 20% above last year. With this impressive first half growth, the HOKA brand achieved an exciting milestone, eclipsing $2 billion in revenue over the trailing 12-month period for very first time. I'd like to congratulate our entire global team for their tireless efforts in building the special brand. Overall, Decker's first half results demonstrate our team's execution around the globe. Our brands are well-positioned for the holiday season and on track to achieve an increased outlook for the full fiscal year. Steve will provide more specifics later on in the call. But first, I will share a few brand and marketplace highlights from the first half of fiscal 2025. Beginning with brand highlights. Global HOKA revenue in the first half increased 32% versus last year. HOKA performance continues to be driven by the strength of full-price demand across multiple categories around the globe. The HOKA team has continued to refine their multi-category offense, which is powered by core focus to win the road, dominate trail and develop fitness and performance lifestyle. HOKA has made great progress in each of these areas through the first half of the fiscal year. Specific to the role category, HOKA continues to deliver healthy growth in heritage franchises like Clifton and Bondi, while bolstering the assortment with significant newness incorporating technical advancements that are being well-received by consumers and wholesale partners. We're especially encouraged by the early reads of the brand's most suited introductions Skyflow and Mach X 2. Skyflow which, as a reminder, was introduced in mid-July as a co-exclusive with our specialty partners NBTC channel, has received high marks for ride, fit, and feel. Positive global feedback from our partners has highlighted the Skyflow's additional contribution to the existing HOKA road offering. Mach X 2 incorporates updated geometry inspired by the HOKA brands Pinnacle road racing shoe, the Cielo 1 as well as an upgraded plate in a more aggressive rocker profile, which results in a lighter and faster shoe. HOKA celebrated this launch with a Mach Speed Challenge on Strava, leveraging the brand's new Fifth Avenue flagship store in New York City for consumer engagement with additional activations at the Berlin Marathon and the upcoming Frankfurt Marathon in Oxford Half. In the trail category, HOKA continued to see broad adoption on the versatile transfer franchise complemented by two powerful updates during the most recent quarter, including the six additional SpeedGoat, our most popular trail franchise. In the Tecton X3, our commercialized version of the Tecton X prototype worn by the last two champions of the HOKA-sponsored UTMB race. For those of you unfamiliar, UTMB refers to Ultra-Trail Mont Blanc, the pinnacle event of a global trail running competition, a grueling 106-mile Ultra Marathon through the French Alps with over 30,000 feet of elevation game. Just two months ago, our very own Senior Manager of HOKA Product Engineering and amateur athlete, Vincent Bouillard, won UTMB in his first attempt at the race, becoming on the fifth runner ever to break the 20-hour mark. His victory is an inspiring story, which is emblematic of the HOKA brand's accessibility and the passion our people have for what they do, proving that even those who aren't full-time athletes can compete at the highest levels. Okay. Moving on to HOKA brand's regional market performance in the first half. HOKA continued to experience solid growth around the globe. Our focus to build awareness in underpenetrated international markets is doing results as international revenue growth outpaced the brand's healthy growth in the U.S. Through the first six months of the fiscal year, HOKA drove particularly strong international growth across all channels with DTC outpacing wholesale. We continue to see great progress across all key international geographies as HOKA gain market share the road into our categories within Europe according to Circana, engage with local consumers through elevated community building activations at the brand's retail locations in Paris, London, Tokyo, and Shanghai. And increased share of shoe counts at key long distance running events across Asia. At the same time, the U.S. delivered balanced growth across DTC and wholesale, aligned with our strategy for this fiscal year. Within DTC, HOKA continued to drive growth through increases in consumer acquisition and retention. While in wholesale, HOKA benefited from select or increases with key partners who experienced a positive back-to-school season with HOKA. Saw great early reads with consumer engagement and new accounts. And kept brand specialty front of mind with a successful co-exclusive launch of the Skyflow. HOKA has exciting renovations ahead and we anticipate continued success and growth for the brand through the holiday and beyond. Shifting to UGG. I could not be more pleased with the UGG brands year-to-date results. Global revenue in the first half increased 13% over last year. UGG performance was driven by success across key initiatives, including evolving and elevating iconic franchises to resonate with today's consumers, which is reflected of the year-round momentum for the brand's most popular models. Building icons highlighted by the increased adoption of the Golden and Lowmel franchises across shoulder seasons, and amplifying International, which delivered growth above the global brand average. The Tasman and Ultra mini franchises continue to experience full price demand from consumers around the world, enhanced by our product team's dedicated focus to keep this franchise special. UGG team has done this by allocating core colors and champion new seasonal colors, building complementary silhouettes like weather hybrids and platform variations and driving heat through aspirational collaborations, including recent launches with Collina Strada and Gallery Department. UGG is experiencing momentum with the Golden and Lowmel franchises. In the first half, both of these landed in the brand's top 10 styles rig by revenue, each contributing meaningful year-over-year growth. Additionally, both of these styles are driving consumer acquisition, an encouraging sign for the UGG brand's continued evolution. We give both franchises as highly wearable around with opportunities for expansion coming to the product segment for Spring '25. The UGG brand is also expanding its reach to male consumers, focused to win with product that infuses the comfort expected of UGG with confidence and style. Recently, UGG announced Grammy nominated musical artists Post Malone as an ambassador for men's business. UGG will activate this partnership as part of a global campaign, including digital videos and a field house experience in Los Angeles. Moving into some regional highlights for the first half as we head into the peak UGG season. As expected, growth in the first half has been led by international regions, which have maintained high levels of demand through lean inventory management. Europe season is bearing last year's trend, with the earlier start to UGG season and consumer demand. This has driven exceptional DTC growth in the region with first half revenue nearly doubling compared to two years ago. Postal performance was also robust, fueled by premium partnerships that elevate brand presentation and enhance consumer experience. Turning to Asia. Despite a more pressured consumer environment, UGG continue to perform well through the first half across wholesale and DTC. The UGG brands business in the region has continued to benefit from the success of transitional styles that resonate year-round, especially with the emergence of the Golden Collection. In the US, UGG continues to perform well, with the majority of first half revenue growth coming from wholesale sell-in as we allocate more product to the channel and our partners are looking to get into stock earlier. Wholesale sell-through was strongest among accounts that primarily serve younger consumers, as UGG remains a popular brand among the 18- to 34-year-old cohort. I want to thank and congratulate the entire global UGG team for their accomplishments thus far in fiscal 2025. Looking ahead, UGG is well positioned to maintain consumer demand through the peak holiday season with an attractive and elevated product assortment. Although, we expect a more promotional environment than the exceptionally low levels experienced last year, we're confident will maintain premium levels of full price selling as it delights consumers this holiday season. Moving to Decker's first half channel highlights in the global marketplace. Aligned with our strategy, revenue growth in the first half has been well balanced across DTC and wholesale. Beginning with DTC, first half global revenue for the channel increased 22% versus last year on a reported basis and 19% on a comparable basis. HOKA continues to drive most of the incremental revenue over the prior year, increasing $100 million with broad strength across the United States, international markets, online and within the brand's relatively limited fleet of retail stores. UGG DTC also drove strong results in first half across both digital and physical consumer touch points, overall, increasing 11% over last year and contributing an incremental $25 million of revenue. As expected, strength in the UGG brand was primarily driven by international markets, with the U.S. also contributing to the growth. From a global wholesale perspective, revenue for the channel increased 20% versus last year. Both HOKA and UGG drove meaningful wholesale growth increasing 33% and 14%, respectively. Regionally, international outpaced domestic from a growth rate perspective, but both regions delivered meaningful incremental revenue above the prior year. In all, our teams have continued to maintain a healthy global marketplace, allowing HOKA and UGG to sustain high levels of consumer demand. Thanks, everyone. I'll now hand it over to Steve to address our second quarter financial results and provide an update to our fiscal year 2025 guidance.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Stefano, and good afternoon, everyone. We are encouraged by the continued momentum HOKA and UGG experienced through the first half of fiscal year 2025. Both brands continue to benefit from their respective well-executed marketplace management strategies that are driving healthy sell-through. HOKA delivered another quarter of exceptional growth as demand for its innovative performance products remained robust across the global marketplace. UGG again demonstrated broad-based growth across regions and channels by continuing to captivate consumers with exciting products that feature recognizable brand codes, elevating brand presence globally. Our record second quarter revenue illustrates the exceptional ongoing demand for our brands, and we look forward to carrying this momentum forward as we enter our largest and most complex fiscal quarter. While we continue to operate in a dynamic consumer environment, our disciplined and nimble operating approach, coupled with our flexible spend model and strong financial framework continues to enable our brands to capture market share opportunities and progress towards delivering long-term sustainable growth. Now let's get into the details of our second quarter results. Second quarter fiscal 2025 revenue was $1.311 billion, representing an increase of 20% versus the prior year on both a reported and constant currency basis. Growth in the quarter was primarily driven by HOKA, which increased 35% versus last year to deliver record quarterly revenue of $571 million as a result of exceptional demand across the brand's global marketplace. The HOKA brands growth in the quarter benefited from a high concentration of new product launches during the quarter, as well as some earlier wholesale and distributor shipments relative to the prior year. UGG grew 13% versus last year, delivering broad-based growth across all regions and channels as the brand continues to resonate with consumers globally and also benefited from earlier wholesale shipments in the US. Across both HOKA and UGG, we continue to see retailers looking to get product on their shelves earlier than in prior years in response to strong consumer demand for our brands. During the second quarter, our distribution center teams were highly affected in managing increased shipment volumes to our wholesale partners, particularly at the tail end of the quarter. We expect this incremental benefit in the second quarter will impact some of our third quarter growth as we continue to manage the marketplace tightly to maintain a pull model. Gross margin for the second quarter was 55.9%, up 250 basis points from last year's 53.4%. Second quarter gross margins benefited from favorable brand and product mix as both our highest margin brand, HOKA and our higher margin products within UGG and HOKA drove a larger percentage of growth and reduced closeouts to the wholesale channel, with partial offsets from increased freight and channel mix with an increased proportion of distributor business resulting from earlier shipments to our global partners. SG&A dollar spend in the second quarter was $428 million, up 19% versus last year's $358 million as we continue investing in key areas of the business. As a percentage of revenue, SG&A was slightly below last year at 32.7%. Our tax rate for the quarter was 24%, which compares to 23.8% for the prior year. These results culminated in diluted earnings per share of $1.59 for the quarter, which is $0.45 above last year's $1.14 diluted earnings per share, representing EPS growth of 39%. Turning to our balance sheet. At September 30, 2024, we ended September with $1.23 billion of cash and equivalents. Inventory was $778 million, up 7% versus the same point in time last year. And during the period, we had no outstanding borrowings. During the second quarter, we repurchased approximately $104 million worth of shares at an average price of $152.09. As of September 30, 2024, the company had approximately $685 million remaining authorized for share repurchase. Now, moving into our updated guidance for fiscal year 2025. We are increasing our expectations for revenue growth, which is now expected to be approximately 12% above last year to $4.8 billion, which compares the prior guidance of approximately $4.7 billion. From a brand standpoint, we now expect HOKA to increase approximately 24% versus last year, reflecting the continued strength of demand around the globe, and we still expect UGG to grow mid-single digits. With the strong gross margin achieved in the first half, we are increasing our full year expectation to now be in the range of 55% to 55.5%, recognizing brand and product mix benefits and maintaining our expectation for freight headwinds and a more promotional environment in the second half relative to last year's exceptionally low levels. SG&A is now expected to be approximately 35%, aligned with our commitment to continue investing responsibly to support the long-term sustainable growth of business. With these adjustments, we now expect an operating margin in the range of approximately 20% to 20.5%. We are updating our effective tax rate to be in the range of 23% to 23.5%, and as a result of our improved revenue and gross margin expectations, we are increasing our diluted earnings per share expectations to now be in the range of $5.15 to $5.25. Please note, this guidance excludes any unforeseen charges that may be considered non-recurring to our ongoing business or impact from any future share repurchases. Additionally, our guidance assumes no meaningful deterioration of current risks and uncertainties, which may include, but are not limited to, changes in consumer confidence and recessionary pressures, inflationary pressures, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, supply chain disruptions and geopolitical tensions. Our powerful brands, coupled with our strategic marketplace management and robust financial profile gives us the conviction to achieve our updated outlook for fiscal year 2025 even in the face of macro pressures impacting the broader retail space. With our incredible first half performance by the HOKA and UGG brands, two of the strongest in our industry, I am confident in the strength of our model, as we are well positioned to continue gaining market share and deliver sustainable future growth. Thanks, everyone. I'll now hand the call back to Stefano for his final remarks.
Stefano Caroti: Thank you, Steve. HOKA and UGG delivered outstanding first half results, thanks to our disciplined marketplace management and pull model strategy, maintaining strong consumer demand. As HOKA has now surpassed $2 billion in trailing 12 months revenue, we're focused on growing global rent awareness to reach the next 2 billion. Our aspiration remains for HOKA to become a leading performance athletic brand through meaningful innovation. At the same time, UGG is focused on delivering growth through the evolution and elevation of iconic franchises while also building new icons. As we continue building both of these powerful brands, we'll prioritize the long-term health and success of our portfolio. For the Deckers organization overall, we remain focused to continue executing our long-term strategies, remaining true to our fundamentals, and prioritizing our guidance principles outlined earlier. This approach will enable us to continue driving growth and delivering value for years to come. To conclude, I'd like to express my appreciation for our dedicated employees who continue to execute our strategies while upholding Decker's values, including our company's focus to do good and do great. I would note that among other things, Deckers was recently recognized by Newsweek as one of America's greenest companies for the third consecutive year. Further, I'd like to thank our valued retail partners who continue to champion and elevate our brands on this growth journey and our shareholders for their continued support. On behalf of our management team, thank you for joining us today. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Jay Sole with UBS. Please go ahead.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much. I want to ask about HOKA. Obviously, the rate in the guidance, very strong growth. Just talk about the impact of some the higher priced styles that you've introduced this year, the Skyward X, the Cielo X1. And just talk about not just what those are doing for top line growth, but also what they're doing for the brand and how it's allowing you to continue to expand this brand and extend it into new ways and new channels? Thank you so much.
Stefano Caroti: Yes. Thanks, Jay. All our Pinnacle products that we introduced this past year, over the past six months have performed even better than we expected. And I'm referring to Cielo X1, the Skyward X and most recently, Tecton X. So, for the first time, we have really cracked the $200 and above price point. So, we're very, very pleased with the performance of our Pinnacle innovation styles.
Steve Fasching: Yes. I think Jay, and this is Steve. Just to kind of add on to that. This is part of our strategy that you've heard us talk about kind of for -- now for several quarters and a couple of years, as we continue to penetrate the market and expand distribution, this is where -- and to your point, those new styles become really important. So, as we continue to resonate in a performance community, we're also with some of our expanded distribution able to use some of that existing product as we move out into bigger box distribution. And so to Stefano's point, where we're seeing success with these new styles is very encouraging, you're seeing how it's not only growing top line, but it's also improving a margin profile for the brand. And that's some of what you're seeing come through in Q2 and some of the encouragement that we're seeing that gives us an increased outlook from a margin standpoint on the full year outlook on the gross margin. So, many things, I think, working in concert, everything that we've talked about before. This is just a continued how we're playing out that HOKA strategy. How we continue to build the brand, build elevated performance product that continues to resonate with consumers in that run specialty channel. That also allows us to expand distribution in other points where we can have existing product that has also continued to resonate with product. So, everything we're playing out. And I think even as you're seeing with the results encouraged by some better-than-expected performance within Q2. So, really encouraged. And I think Q2, again, just demonstrates the strength of the brand and how well it's resonating with consumers.
Jay Sole: Got it. Steve, Stefano, thank you so much. Very helpful.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jonathan Komp with Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Yes, hi. Good afternoon. If I could ask a follow-up on HOKA. You raised guidance to 24%. Just given that the first half, the growth was 32%, could you give us a little more detail on how you're planning in the second half? And any more perspective on how we should think about channel or geography performance would be helpful?
Steve Fasching: Yes. Thanks Jon, it's Steve again. I'll take the first part, and Stefano, if you want to jump in on it, too. But I think, again, it's how we played out the year. So, if you think about what we said at the beginning of the year, remember that we said the majority of our growth was going to come in the first half of the year, and that's really what's played out. So we knew in the case of HOKA, as we were bringing out new styles, there would be strong sell-in. I think we're we've said in the first question, kind of encouraged with the sell-through of that product and how it's resonating with consumers. But what we knew is by selling that in and some of the wholesale expansion. So as we increase the number of doors that we were selling to in the first half, that was going to create higher percentage growth in the first half, right? We start to see that settle back down a little bit in the second half, which is playing out exactly again to what we thought. I think what has encouraged us is slightly better performance that we're anticipating. And then to your point, that's what's giving us the confidence to increase our outlook on HOKA going now to 24%. But again, we want to control that distribution too, right? So it's not just chasing everything. It's very thoughtful, it's very strategic. How we think about who we're going to go in with and kind of what doors we get to select with those partners. So that's kind of where we're at. I think the other thing, and Stefano mentioned it also is very encouraged by how well we're doing internationally. So not only do we continue to gain share in the domestic marketplace, we are very encouraged by the progress that we're making on the international front.
Stefano Caroti: And specific to international, we still have plenty of runway, both in around specialty and run-focused accounts. What is very, very encouraging is that some of the new accounts we have recently opened, whether it's Shoe Palace and JV here in the US or even existing distribution with additional doors are performing very, very well with the brand, both here in the US as well as internationally.
Jonathan Komp: Okay. Great. And then, Steve, one more follow-up, just the modeling for the back half on the gross margin. I want to follow-up there. I understand the assumptions that you're embedding but are you seeing sort of any signs of a pullback in full price selling at this point? Just curious sort of what you observed in the marketplace? Or is that more of a forward-looking assumption that you're baking into the guidance? Thank you.
Steve Fasching: Yes, good question. It's a bit more of a forward assumption. We're still early, right? And we know things I think are probably a little bit more challenged approaching this holiday season, generally macro speaking. And so we are being a little bit more cautious with our assumption around the promotion that we anticipate we will see. I think there's a couple of things that we're also considering in some of that expectation in the second half gross margin. One is we've got more product in the channel this year than we did a year ago. So recall that Q3 last year, many of our wholesale partners were running out of product. Some of that increased growth that you saw in Q2 is up selling into that channel. So we know that there's a little bit more product sitting in the channel. So we'll see, again, still very early on in the holiday season kind of how that plays out. And then on the HOKA front, as we're going to have some new product introductions in Q4 and Q1 of FY 2026, we anticipate there may be some inventory that in a normal course, you'll promote some of the older styles to move through that inventory as you bring in some of the new products.
Jonathan Komp: Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Vasilescu with BNP Paribas. Your line is open.
Laurent Vasilescu: Hey, good afternoon. And thank you very much for taking my questions, Stefano. I'd love to ask about HOKA International. I think on the fourth quarter call, it was commented that international for HOKA is about 30% of the business. Clearly, there's a lot of momentum there. Stefano, where do you want HOKA International to go over time? And maybe can you give -- for the audience, can you kind of frame like what innings you are in terms of Europe versus Japan versus China? That would be very helpful for the audience.
Stefano Caroti: Great question, Laurent. International is between two and three years behind the U.S. and we've adopted the same playbook internationally that has been so successful here. Brand awareness and consideration is in the awareness is in the mid-20s and in the U.S., we are in the mid-40s. So, plenty of upside for us internationally. Across all regions, from China to Europe and also to our distribution businesses. Recently, we have sponsored the Challenge Roth, which is the biggest triathlon in the world, in Germany, and we see fantastic feedback from consumers in the German market. UTMB, we have extensive relationship with UTMB. We're now the main sponsor, the title sponsor, and that relationship has also generated a lot of interest behind the brand in the trail space. So, plenty of upside for us across the globe with existing and newer partners. And of course, our DTC business continues to thrive there as well. So, very happy with our progress across the globe. And to your question about where do we expect the business to be. Ideally, long-term, I'd like to see a 50/50 split between the U.S. and international.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And I think, Laurent, again, this is Steve. Just as we think about that international opportunity is that as we're seeing improved performance, it's global. But what we were really impressed with was the performance and growth of the international business in Q2. I think it really demonstrates what we've been talking about for a couple of years is how we really focused initially years ago on the North American market, make our product and brands relevant in North America and then export that success internationally. And that's what you're seeing come through right now. So, really encouraged with how our brands are resonating with consumers on a global front and really impressed with the performance of our brands internationally, especially kind of in Q2 and the first half of this year.
Laurent Vasilescu: That's wonderful. Thank you, Stefano, thank you, Steve. I would love to follow-up. I think, Steve, I think you mentioned you were teasing there's new products for 4Q, if I remember it correctly from the last call, I think the Clifton 10 comes out in the fourth quarter. I think you mentioned just a few seconds ago that we should see some new products with Q1 2026. I don't know, high level, how do we think about the product extension, the brand extension into other footwear categories or maybe into apparel in a bigger way?
Stefano Caroti: Yes. First of all, we delivered a very impressive amount of newness to the market over the last few months, including Skyflow, Skyward X, Mach 6, Mach X2, and Tecton X3, Speedgoat 6, which is our biggest trail franchise, have all been upgraded or new products. In the lifestyle space, we just introduced [indiscernible], which is an [indiscernible] product, [indiscernible], which is a brand-new product that is complete sold as in the marketplace and [indiscernible]. So, the amount of newness and innovation we have been delivering, especially in Q2, hence also the very, very strong Q2 has been very, very impressive. We have upgrades to our two biggest products, Bondi and Clifton. Bondi, the Bondi update is hit in January and Clifton is going to hit in April. In addition to that, we have our fast issue we updated. Cielo X1 will updated to a new product in February. And we have our first foray into cold weather with the Kaha Frost about to hit the market any day. So our pipeline is very, very robust. And the reaction from the trade has been very positive.
Laurent Vasilescu: That's wonderful to hear. Best of luck with the holiday season.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Poser with Williams Trading. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser : Thank you very much. Officially welcome to your first call. I had -- Erinn, can we just -- can you give me the DTC for each brand, please? Then I'll get to the other stuff.
Erinn Kohler : Yes. Sam, so for the second quarter just completed, what I can provide is global wholesale and distributor by brand. And so again, for Q2 for UGG, that global wholesale and distributor combined would be approximately $512 million. For HOKA, that's approximately $362 million. For Teva, that's approximately $12 million. For our other brands, which is predominantly Koolaburra, would be approximately $25 million and then that leaves approximately $2 million for the Sanuk brand, which, as a reminder, would be a partial quarter as we completed the sale of that brand in about mid-August.
Sam Poser : Thank you very much. Okay. I have three, sorry. Can you give us some idea what the U.S. sales were for UGG and for HOKA? And then how much of the gross margin headwind is freight versus promotions? And then number three or three is how much like -- like how big is the markdown impact of the Clifton 9 and the Bondi 8 as you move out of that over the next few months? And how much of -- how much of that do you anticipate of the Clifton 9, Clifton 10 was shipped in Q3 and how much of the Bondi -- the Bondi will ship in Q3 and the Clifton will ship in Q4, excuse me.
Steve Fasching : Yes, Sam, that's a lot of detail on kind of modeling questions, so I'll approach it more from a high level. We don't necessarily break out to your kind of your first question. We just don't give out kind of that level of detail. On the second one related to freight, the -- what we've said is pretty consistent with kind of what we've said is we would begin to experience freight headwinds in Q2. We did we think the freight headwinds was kind of in that 70 basis point area, so a headwind of about 70 basis points. Now as the numbers indicate, right, we were an improvement of 250. So that other really came from kind of product mix and an improving margin based largely on kind of the product mix within both HOKA and UGG as well as some of the of the composition product that we sold. So then to your point and from a higher level, how we're thinking about kind of the gross margin pressures that we'll experience in the second half. We have not given specifics in terms of how much we think to kind of each style that will be replaced in the quarter. There will be a normal course of promotion as we always do. And you've seen in the past when we do updated models. Remember, Clifton and Bondi are the two biggest -- some of the two big styles within that. So we're careful about inventory management as we've demonstrated over the years, but we always know there's going to be some and we'll promote it. We're not saying kind of to what level that will be. That will be dependent on how much inventory we have and how we're approaching kind of the launch of those dates. So we'll play it out. But there is, to that point, some recognition that we are going to be increasing promotion this year. That's embedded in that second half gross margin decline that we're guiding to. So we'll see again how it plays out. We're making some assumptions. We're trying to read what's going on from a macro event. We're trying to anticipate what inventory levels will be, we're encouraged that actually product has been selling in and selling through well, which is contributing to a little bit better expectation on our margin, which is why we're increasing our gross margin assumptions for the year, but we'll see how things play out.
Sam Poser: I got one last thing on tariffs. Can you give us some idea of how you're thinking about tariffs going forward given what's going to happen less than two weeks ago?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I think it's an interesting question. We'll see. It's not clear, right? I think you're hearing a lot of noise before an election, who knows how all that is going to come out. So really too early for us to see. But if there were tariffs that were impacted us, that's something that we'd have to take into consideration that's not necessarily figured into our guidance right now.
Sam Poser: Thank you very much. Continued success.
Steve Fasching: All right. Thanks, Sam.
Stefano Caroti: Thanks, Sam.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey with Telsey Group. Please go ahead.
Dana Telsey: Hi. Good afternoon, everyone, and congratulations on the nice results. Just wanted to focus on the earlier wholesale shipments. Is it from all categories of wholesale accounts? Does it differ by brand at all in terms of what you're seeing? And does it differ by international -- by international and domestic? And just lastly, on the moderation in growth for UGG going to mid-single digits from the 13% and 14% in the first and second quarter of this year. Given the newness that you have, is it -- could there be upside to that number? And how you're thinking of new product introductions for UGG for the balance of the year? Thank you.
Steve Fasching: All right. Thanks, Dana. I'll try to attack that a little bit. So it is a little bit different by brands, right? So I think it's important for the dynamics that we're seeing. And again, we indicated that the beginning of this year that we expected to see earlier wholesale shipments. So first, if we look at the UGG brand, one of the things that we encountered last year was some earlier shipments but then quickly selling through that product. And it helped contribute to a stronger DTC performance for ourselves. This year, as we approach growth with the UGG brand, we have given our partners an opportunity to participate in some of that growth. That has contributed with the success of what happened last year as well as continued strong demand for our brands, wholesalers continuing to want that product earlier. So that's contributing to that percentage increase that you're seeing in Q2 because, one, they are continuing to want product earlier; and two, as their participating in our growth with the brand, you're seeing that higher percentage in Q2. We think that is going to impact kind of the back half as there is more inventory sitting in the channel. To your question on upside, sure, there's always some. We'll see. I think we are prepared with some inventory with upside opportunities. But again, we operate in a very controlled marketplace. So we'll be careful about how we work that growth really into the back half should it be there. We are very disciplined again in our marketplace management. Then as it relates to growth with HOKA, there, as you recall, what we said is last year, we were very tight with expanded distribution, right? So we were careful about how many more doors we were opening. This year, we have spoken to increasing the number of door counts, right? So again, as we've seen demand globally increase for the brand, we are opening points of distribution. Again, so far fewer than many of our peers because we are very controlled in that distribution. But what you've seen in the first half is we are opening up more points of distribution, again, very controlled. That is contributing to a sell-in to those accounts and doors, right? So that is lifting that percentage growth in the first half of the year. So that's where you start to see some moderation of growth in the second half because you're starting to see kind of that inventory sitting in those expanded outlets. So much of the expansion happened in the first half as it relates to HOKA. So that's when you look at it on a full year basis. It's what we said at the beginning of the year on a percentage basis. The majority of our growth would come in the first half, and you'd start to see growth moderate. So falling below that annual guide number in the second half as we control the marketplace and took advantage of early demand and strong demand for our product. And we'll see how it plays out, right? Always a little bit of room for some upside, but a lot of uncertainty as we heard in some of the prior questions, how we're thinking about back half kind of the retail calendar this year versus prior years. So we'll see, but encouraged with how we started much in line with what we thought from percentages and a little bit better with the first half performance.
Operator: Thank you. Your next question comes from the line of Rick Patel with Raymond James. Please go ahead.
Rick Patel: Thank you. Good afternoon and I'll add my congrats on the strong execution. Can you double click on your performance in Asia? Obviously, China is top in line with a lot of investors given the tough backdrop there. Curious if you're seeing any changes in performance or you need to make any changes in strategy that are worth calling out? And then also, how do we think about the contribution of Asia to your growth as we think about the rest of this year
Stefano Caroti: Specifically China, Rick, we're very pleased with what [indiscernible] team have done in China market. Our brands are performing well in a challenging economic climate and they connect very well with consumers, their communities. HOKA is now top 5 in terms of shoe counts and major races and continues to perform well throughout the country as [indiscernible] styles as a result of local collaborations and info relationships. And as the brands continue to perform, we are able now also to secure greater footprint in major models with our stores. So we're very pleased with our China performance, which are in contrast to what is happening without the brands in the marketplace As regards to Asia, Asia continues to grow at strong double -digits for us, and that's the hope for the upcoming few months and seasons.
Steve Fasching: Yes, Rick. And just to kind of add on to that. I think as we've said, Stefano said kind of earlier in the call, as we think about international, right, a couple of years, generally speaking, behind what we're seeing in North America. In Europe, we're further along, I would say, than we are in Asia-Pacific. And so really encouraged again by the strength that we saw in Europe in the first half of the year, and especially Q2, very encouraged with what we're seeing in Asia-Pacific and China. I think the thing to note and remember here is we're very small in China. So -- and we're well aware of what other brands are saying and some of the challenges that they are encountering in China. We're fortunate to be very small. And a lot of what we're doing is to build community within China. So, a lot of sponsorship, bringing people in, activities and so forth. And so we have the benefit of being small and now really beginning to resonate with those consumers and grow that brand. So, a good time be us growing a brand that's very small in China. But again, Asia-Pacific is a little bit behind Europe in terms of where we're at in distribution. The other thing to remember is distribution is a little bit different in China. We're more direct in China than we are anywhere else. So, it's about retail experiences. We have more stores in China than we do anywhere else. So, very small, but growing and very encouraged by how we're resonating with consumers there. And in part, that's about the marketing and the low utilization that we're doing to resonate with consumers there.
Rick Patel: Very helpful. Thanks so much.
Steve Fasching: All right. Thanks Rick.
Operator: And your final question comes from the line of Adrienne Yih with Barclays. Please go ahead.
Adrienne Yih: Great. Thank you very much and let me add my congratulations. Stefano, I was wondering if you can address when you were talking about sort of the expansion in the U.S., what is the door growth strategy with the U.S. national retail partners, specifically Dick's and Foot Locker, I think you're targeting, let's call it, 500, maybe half of what Dixon has and then a much smaller footprint in Foot Locker. And then, Steve, can you talk a little bit to sort of maybe not numbers if you don't give it, but the demand creation budget, how you are investing in HOKA versus UGG and where you're deploying those dollars? Thank you very much.
Stefano Caroti: Thanks Adrienne. It's not our practice to provide door counts related to specific wholesale relationships. We are very selective in our expansion. We continue to be very diligent about the way we manage the marketplace. We are looking door productivity before we expand and when we perform, we open few more doors. So, that has been our strategy. That's what we continue to do with the likes of DSG and Foot Locker others.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And I think then the second part of your question in terms of how we think about spend and demand creation, and it's a good question. We -- as we're performing better, and you've seen some gross margin expansion, we are taking a portion of that to continue our investment in demand creation. And so with two of the best-performing brands in the space across the globe, it's important, right, for us to continue to be able to invest behind these brands. So in terms of your question is kind of where, clearly, a lot going on with our top two brands. Stefano mentioned in his prepared remarks, one of the things that we've done with UGG and Post Malone, HOKA, and some of our sponsorship with UTMB and some marathons and so forth. I think we're going to continue to do that. What we're also doing is creating more localized content. So, as we're seeing improvements and growth in our international markets, we are creating more localized content. So, overall, what you're seeing is an increase in our marketing spend as a percent to revenue, over the last couple of years. That's afforded to us with some of the gross margin improvements that we're seeing. So, as demonstrated by our outlook and improved guidance with the improved gross margin, we've taken a portion of that to increase our SG&A, and that's really going behind variable marketing spend to create further demand for our brands. So, that's how we operate. We're very financially disciplined. We look at it, were given an opportunity, we'll take that opportunity, but we're firmly behind backing our brands, increasing local content to resonate with consumers across the globe. And I think you see that paying off.
Adrienne Yih: Excellent. Very helpful. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session as well as today's call. We thank you for participating. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2025 Q1  (2024-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands First Quarter Fiscal 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning.
Erinn Kohler: Hello and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer; and Stefano Caroti, our Chief Commercial Officer and incoming CEO. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our current and long-term strategic objectives, capital allocation, anticipated impacts from our brand and marketplace management strategies, changes in consumer behavior, strength and performance of our brands, demand for our products, product and channel distribution strategies, including DTC, marketing plans and strategies, disruptions to our supply chain and logistics, our anticipated revenue, product mix, margins, expenses, inventory levels and promotional activity, the impact of the macroeconomic environment on our operations and performance, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, our ability to achieve our financial outlook and the expected timing and impact of the planned leadership transition. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on the information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. On this call, management may refer to financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States including constant currency. In addition, the company reports comparable direct-to-consumer sales on a constant currency basis for operations that were open throughout the current and prior reporting periods. The company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are important indicators of its operating performance because they exclude items that are unrelated to and may not be indicative of its core operating results. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. I'm glad to be here today to discuss our strong start to fiscal year 2025. With this being my final call before I pass the torch to Stefano at the end of the month, I am confident that the Deckers team has laid the groundwork to deliver another year of excellent results as they build for the future of this amazing company. Specifically, Deckers' first quarter performance is highlighted by revenue growing 22% versus last year to $825 million, gross margin improving to 56.9% and diluted earnings per share increasing 87% versus last year to $4.52. Importantly, this quarter's results were closely aligned with our objectives for fiscal year 2025 as HOKA was our main growth driver, increasing 30% versus last year to $545 million, UGG increased 14% versus last year as it continues to build year-round relevancy with consumers through iconic products. Both DTC and wholesale increased above 20% versus last year as our brands captured healthy demand across the global marketplace and international regions increased 21% versus last year, led by robust DTC growth. These incredible results which include some unique benefits specific to the first quarter, give us confidence that we can deliver the increased profitability reflected in our updated outlook for full fiscal year 2025. Steve will provide further details on our updated outlook later in the call. But first, I will share some of the brand highlights from our first quarter before turning it over to our Chief Commercial Officer and incoming CEO, Stefano Caroti to review channel performance. Starting with the brand highlights. Global HOKA revenue in the first quarter increased 30% versus last year to a quarterly record of $545 million. HOKA performance was driven by the brand's compelling product assortment, including new launches which experienced strong demand across the brand's global marketplace. More specifically, top styles like the Clifton and Bondi continued to experience healthy growth. Emerging franchises like the Mach, Transport and Kawana drove outsized gains and new styles like the Skyward X, Cielo X1 and Skyflow brought incremental volume and attention to the brand through segmentation and greater innovation. Diving into our top styles, gateway products, such as Clifton and Bondi remain the leading franchises for HOKA. The brand continues to build demand for these popular franchises through distribution segmentation as the introduction of model updates increasingly allow for differentiation of key partners to satisfy incremental demand and limited edition lifestyle treatments and collaborations that regularly sell out offering unique versions of these hero styles. In terms of emerging HOKA franchises, I want to start by highlighting the Mach 6 launch which has been a universal success. This redesigned and upgraded Mach has experienced strong sell-through across the global marketplace, resulting in the Mach being a top 5 revenue style for HOKA in Q1. Thus far, we are encouraged by the consumer adoption of the Mach which is skewing younger and driving considerable acquisition in the U.S. and EMEA. We believe the expansive consumer demand we're seeing from the Mach is attributable to the fantastic work of the HOKA product and merchandising team who designed the collection with color and branding variations that allow for greater differentiation across points of distribution. Regarding Transport and Kawana, we continue to see these styles perform well in our DTC channel and with our lifestyle athletic partners. Both styles saw explosive growth in the quarter, landing them in the HOKA brand's top 10 styles ranked by revenue. While the Transport and Kawana were designed as a light hiker and fitness shoe, respectively, the consumer is increasingly adopting them for more casual and versatile wear. On the innovation front, the HOKA brand's most advanced performance-leading styles, the Cielo X1 and Skyward X have far outperformed our expectations. These ground-breaking styles were featured as part of the HOKA FlyLab experience which was celebrated at worldwide events such as the Boston Marathon, Big Sur International Marathon, Hackney Half Marathon in London and the Tokyo Marathon. The Skyward X in particular, has been a key focus of our marketing efforts as it reinforces the HOKA brand origins and leadership position and Mach's cushion performance. The success of innovative styles like the Cielo and Skyward is critical to HOKA maintaining its performance roots and emboldens the product team to continue pushing the envelope of our technologies. The Skyflow which only launched about 10 days ago, is also an all-new style focused on innovation but at a much more commercial price point within the HOKA brands product range. This exciting style which combines premium Skyward X-inspired geometry with upgraded foam compounds, creating an elevated experience for daily runs. As part of our segmentation efforts, the Skyflow is developed as a co-exclusive for our DTC and our run specialty partners, continuing to elevate the HOKA brand's everyday performance line-up while differentiating its global marketplace. We are receiving great feedback from consumers and our retail partners in the early days of this launch. The strength of performance across the HOKA product line-up is amplified by the continued evolution of the brand's global marketplace. During the first quarter, HOKA drove balanced growth across channels with DTC revenue increasing 33% versus last year and wholesale revenue increasing 28% versus last year. From a DTC perspective, HOKA continues to experience global gains through consumer acquisition and retention with particular strength among retained consumers in the first quarter. We believe this is a powerful reflection of HOKA consumer loyalty, reinforcing the long runway we see for this brand and the reason we are focused on building the HOKA brand's awareness while there remain significant opportunity. Part of our approach to building HOKA brand awareness is through expanded points of distribution with key partners. During the quarter, we added strategic doors with select partners around the world which contributed to HOKA wholesale growth in the quarter. We also continued adding shelf space and gaining market share as the brand refilled inventory in the channel and continue to see high levels of full price sell-through. Outside of adding new distribution, HOKA is building awareness through its global marketing campaign. The latest chapter of the HOKA brand's FLY HUMAN FLY campaign launched on July 1, with the new film Birds Eye which brings to life the brand's origin story and captures the exhilaration and joy of movement. The film is the centerpiece of a 360-degree integrated brand campaign, inclusive of connected TV, out-of-home content, social and earned media and in-person community activations in key cities. All of the elements of the FLY HUMAN FLY campaign are aimed at deepening connections with consumers, inspiring brand love and introducing new consumers to HOKA around the world. We are really proud of this elevated campaign and I hope you all check out the Bird's Eye film when you have a chance. Overall, this quarter was an excellent start to the year for HOKA with healthy full-price demand across global markets. The team is laser-focused on executing the brand strategy to build global brand awareness and market share with an enhanced focus on international markets, expand DTC through consumer acquisition and retention gains and excite consumers with performance innovations. Shifting to UGG. Global UGG revenue in the first quarter increased 14% versus last year to $223 million. Performance in the quarter was driven by strong full price selling of key iconic franchises with increased year-round momentum, increased adoption of the expanded Golden Collection, continued momentum in global DTC and robust wholesale growth in the U.S., reflecting earlier demand. We are encouraged by the consumer demand for UGG in the first quarter as we believe it reflects continued progress and creating year-round excitement for the brand's versatile and seasonally relevant product. The UGG product team has done a fantastic job building product with purpose that is consumer-informed, champions UGG brand codes and has increased wearing occasions, allowing the brand to build and sustain demand over longer periods of time. This is best evidenced by the continued year-round adoption of the Tasman franchise as well as the growth being driven by an expand in Golden Collection. The UGG brand's ability to drive continued strong selling for the Tasman's franchise speaks to the power of its thoughtful management across the global marketplace, versatility of styling and the marketing activations that preserve its relevance in the mind of our consumers. Specifically on the marketing front, UGG has collaborated with various brands and designers to create exclusive versions of Tasman franchise styles. During the first quarter, our upcoming Tasman collaboration with Chinese born London-based designer Feng Chen Wang was featured as part of her Spring/Summer 2025 collection unveiling at Paris Fashion Week. Her collection and -- and in particular, the Tasman collaboration, was featured across influential fashion and cultural publications, including Vogue, Hypebeast and Highsnobiety. The UGG team's ability to maintain consumer interest through exciting marketing activations and collaborations is also benefiting newer franchises like the Golden Collection. The increase in consumer demand for this collection led to an expansion of silhouettes in the current year which performed extremely well. Of the UGG brand's top 10 styles in the first quarter ranked by revenue, 4 came from the Golden Collection, 2 of which were new to the brand this year. The Tasman franchise in Golden Collection were also key drivers of the UGG brand's DTC success in the first quarter which was equally strong in the U.S. and international regions. The UGG brand's more focused assortment of relevant franchises is driving the majority of consumer demand which contributed to lower promotion as compared to prior first quarters, where the DTC business has historically been more influenced by end of season discounting on seasonal colors. While this dynamic is not expected to continue throughout fiscal year 2025, we do think it speaks to the strength of the brand and its ability to maintain year-round demand. UGG has exciting things ahead with the upcoming launch of its Feels Like UGG global marketing campaign which features a dynamic group of creators who evoke the ethos of UGG. The Feels Like UGG campaign will come to life across the brand's global marketplace through social media, in-store events and multisensory community activations that promote self-expression and a connected community. The brand is on track to deliver another year of healthy growth with premium products and elevated experiences that enhance our consumer connections. Both UGG and HOKA are off to strong starts in fiscal year 2025 and are well positioned to continue capturing high levels of consumer demand for the remainder of this year and beyond. Before passing off to Steve, I want to give Stefano an opportunity to review Deckers' excellent channel performance in the first quarter. As all of you know, Stefano will be becoming Deckers next CEO on August 1. I'm excited to welcome him today to speak on one of the areas he has been successfully leading for some time now in his current capacity as our Chief Commercial Officer. Stefano?
Stefano Caroti: Thanks, Dave. It's great to be here with you all today and share Deckers' channel highlights within the global marketplace. Before diving in, I want to thank Dave for his thoughtful, enlightened leadership over the last 8 years and in particular, the mentorship provided over the last 6 months. Dave has been an extremely valuable resource for me throughout the transition and I'm thrilled to have the opportunity to lead Deckers on our continued exciting journey ahead. Diving into channel performance in the quarter. Our results continue to reflect Deckers' successful global marketplace management that has maintained a pull model of consumer demand, driving high levels of full price selling. This year, we signaled a much more balanced growth story between our DTC and wholesale channels which was well executed in the first quarter. For the quarter, global DTC increased 24% versus last year on a reported basis and 22% on a comparable basis. HOKA drove the majority of gains in the DTC channel but we also saw positive contributions from the UGG brand. From a regional standpoint, DTC growth was robust across international regions and within the U.S. which increased 31% and 21%, respectively. Among international regions, growth was most meaningful in China and EMEA as both drove strong increases online and benefited from successful recent retail store openings. Regarding wholesale, global revenues increased 21% versus last year. Similar to DTC, HOKA drove the majority of the year-over-year volume gains with similar strength in the U.S. and international regions. Our growth was particularly strong in the U.S. as the brand continues to see earlier demand from wholesale partners and benefited from favorable year-over-year comparisons. Growth across HOKA and UGG was driven by full price business as both brands delivered exceptional gross margins in the wholesale channel. The health of our balanced business across the global marketplace reflects both the demand for our brands and our team's outstanding channel management. Our brands are off to a great start to fiscal '25 and I look forward to sharing more with you next quarter. With that, I'll hand over to Steve to provide further details on our first quarter financial results as well as our updated financial outlook for fiscal '25.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Stefano and good afternoon, everyone. Deckers delivered strong results in the first quarter and demonstrated great progress towards our full fiscal year guidance leading to increased profitability within our outlook that I'll cover shortly. As Dave outlined, HOKA was the main driver of growth in the quarter, delivering healthy gains in both the DTC and wholesale channels as the brand continues to build global awareness and market share. UGG delivered a solid quarter as the brand continued to see global demand in the DTC channel and increased its full price wholesale business in the U.S. As we continue to operate in a very dynamic consumer environment, we will remain nimble in our approach to managing the business for the long-term sustainable growth and executing against our strategic priorities. Our portfolio of leading brands continues to resonate with consumers which positions us well in the global marketplace. With that, let's get into the detail of our first quarter fiscal year 2025 results. Revenue was $825 million, up 22% versus the prior year. Growth was primarily driven by HOKA as the brand increased 30% versus last year due to the exceptional demand experienced across the brand's global marketplace. Additionally, in the quarter, UGG increased 14%, primarily through wholesale gains as the brand continues to refill certain inventory in the marketplace. Gross margin for the quarter was 56.9% which was up 560 basis points from last year's 51.3%. As compared to last year, first quarter gross margin primarily benefited from favorable brand and product mix as both our highest-margin brand, HOKA, as well as higher-margin products within UGG and HOKA drove a larger proportion of growth, higher levels of full price selling, particularly with the UGG brand which was more promotional in the prior year first quarter and lower freight rates recognized in this quarter which are anticipated to be a headwind for the remainder of this year. SG&A dollar spend in the first quarter was $337 million which is up 22% from last year's $276 million. As a percentage of revenue, SG&A was 40.9% versus 40.8% in the prior year. SG&A dollar growth compared to last year was driven by investment in key areas of the business in support of our growth initiatives which include higher marketing spend, primarily related to expanding global HOKA awareness and investments in talent to support key functions within our growing organization. Our tax rate was 22.5% which compares to 21.9% in the prior year. These results, coupled with higher interest income and a lower share count as the result of our share repurchase program, drove diluted earnings per share of $4.52 for the quarter which was $2.11 above last year's $2.41 per share, representing growth of 87%. Turning to our balance sheet. At June 30, 2024, we ended June with $1.44 billion of cash and equivalents. Inventory was $753 million, up 2% versus the same point in time last year and we had no outstanding borrowings. During the first quarter, we repurchased approximately $152 million worth of shares at an average price of $858.79. As of June 30, 2024, the company had approximately $790 million remaining under its stock repurchase authorization. Now moving into our updated outlook for fiscal year 2025. We still expect total company revenue to grow approximately 10% versus last year to $4.7 billion inclusive of HOKA which is still expected to grow approximately 20% and UGG which is still expected to grow in the mid-single-digit range. We are increasing our gross margin which is now expected to be approximately 54%, up 50 basis points from our prior guidance based on the strength of our first quarter results which included near-term benefits that are not expected to repeat for the remainder of the fiscal year. As a reminder, our assumptions for the full fiscal year include a more normalized promotional environment with lower full-price selling relative to the exceptional levels delivered in fiscal year 2024 and higher freight costs incurred and still experiencing related to the inventory brought in that will be expensed in the remainder of the year. SG&A is now expected to be in the range of 34% to 34.5%, as we remain committed to investing in our key growth initiatives. Operating margin is now expected to be in the range of 19.5% to 20%. Our effective tax rate is still projected to be in the range of 22% to 23%. As a result of these changes, we are increasing our diluted earnings per share expectations to now be in the range of $29.75 to $30.65, representing a $0.65 increase on the high end. Please note, as mentioned in our release this afternoon, we have entered into an agreement to divest the Sanuk brand which we expect to close in August 2024. As such, the ongoing Sanuk business has been removed from our forward-looking guidance. Further, this guidance excludes any unforeseen charges that may be considered nonrecurring to our ongoing business or any impact from future share repurchases. Additionally, our guidance assumes no meaningful deterioration of current risks and uncertainties which include but are not limited to, changes in consumer confidence and recessionary pressures, inflationary pressures, fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates, supply chain disruptions and geopolitical tensions. In addition, as most of you may have seen, our Board recently approved a 6 for 1 forward stock split of our outstanding capital stock which is pending stockholder approval at our 2024 Annual Meeting to be held on September 9. The potential impact of the stock split is not reflected in our EPS guidance. Looking ahead, we remain confident in our ability to deliver the increased full fiscal year guidance as our disciplined operating model, in-demand global brands and robust financial profile position us well to adapt to evolving marketplace dynamics. Before I hand the call back to Dave for his last time, I want to express my genuine appreciation for him. It has been a privilege and a pleasure working together for the last 12 years, especially the last 8 years with him as our CEO. I am proud of all we have achieved together, building Deckers into an industry-leading company with an exciting future ahead. Dave, I wish you all the best in your retirement and I look forward to working with you as a member of our Board. Thanks, everyone. I'll now hand the call back to Dave for his final remarks.
Dave Powers: Thank you, Steve, for the kind words and Stefano for your kind remarks earlier. I appreciate all you continue to do for the Deckers organization. HOKA and UGG continue to excite and delight consumers with unique and innovative products that are driving increased demand. The momentum of these brands gives us confidence to achieve our updated guidance for the year. I believe Deckers is poised for long-term continued success. With the strength of these 2 powerful brands, a well-managed global marketplace, a focused and aligned management team, a disciplined approach to financial management and engaged employees who embrace a purpose-led culture, I am proud of the culture we have built within our organization and for Deckers being recognized externally as well as one of the U.S. news and world reports, 2024 to 2025 Best Companies to Work For and as what have Time magazine's world's most sustainable companies of 2024. Before handing off to the operator, there are a few things I'd like to add. First, I want to sincerely thank Steve Fasching. Steve has been an amazing partner to me over the past 8 years and has had a tremendous impact on Deckers' and our success. Steve deserves to be recognized for his leadership and disciplined strategic approach to developing and maintaining our strong operating model and fortified balance sheet. We've been through a lot together and I just want to say thank you, Steve. I also want to thank Erinn and Andy on our Investor Relations team. They have done an outstanding job preparing us for these quarterly calls and communicating Deckers' strategy with all of you. It has been a pleasure working with them both. Thank you for all you've done and will continue to do at Deckers. I'm actually going to miss these earnings calls. Lastly, I want to express my gratitude for the final time. It has been the honor of a lifetime leading Deckers for the last 8 years and I am proud of all we accomplished together during this time. I want to thank all of our dedicated employees for making Deckers not only a successful company but also an amazing place to work. We have proven that we are truly better together and that we can do a lot of good while doing great. Deckers is in excellent hands with Stefano and his leadership team. I have no doubt that he will do an exceptional job leading this organization and maintaining our great culture and strong results as he, along with our leadership team and all of our amazing employees, build the future of Deckers. One last time on behalf of our management team, I want to thank everyone for listening and for your continued support. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jonathan Komp from Baird.
Jonathan Komp: Dave, certainly not my typical approach to say congratulations in this forum but I think congratulations certainly are in order for just an incredible run here. Really to turn to the business, I want to ask about the HOKA business, the momentum that you're seeing in light of, frankly, mixed footwear data points in the industry. And then just given the shape of the year, how you're planning still 20% growth for the year after you exceeded that to start. Could you maybe just share a little bit more how you're planning your distribution and product launches as we think about the balance of the year?
Dave Powers: Yes. Good question. I think -- I think it's important to just think of the context of this company, we're a global multichannel, multi-brand business. And I think a little bit of data in a subset of that global business can be misleading in some ways. So I think -- I think our results speak for themselves in the past quarter and we're super confident in the remainder of the year. And I'll let Stefano talk a little bit more about where the business is going from here for the rest of the year.
Stefano Caroti: Jon, keep in mind, we build brands for long-term health and sustainable growth. We just closed a great Q1 and we're confident in our full year guidance. We are very happy with how our brands are performing today. Key product launches have been selling through very, very strongly. So our brands are strong and in demand. So I don't anticipate major issues for the balance of the year.
Steve Fasching: I think, Jon, this is Steve. Just to kind of add on to that. As we think about the year and it's what we discussed on the call last quarter in terms of how we saw the cadence of the year play out, we always said in percentage terms, right, that Q1 was going to be our strongest quarter. And as we came up against kind of more difficult comparisons from a year ago, those percentage rates would drop. Just to remind everybody, we are in control of this marketplace, right? And so we're being very careful and thoughtful about distribution, how we're growing wholesale, how we're growing DTC, how we keep that balance in place. And as we said, FY '25 is going to be a year of wholesale growth. So we are expanding points of distribution but we're keeping that right in mind as we think about that expanded distribution in light of the DTC. We also know that when we feed and bring in new customers through wholesale, we do see them migrate to our DTC. So again, this is part of our strategy. And again, it's about that growth. And so we're not trying to do too much. Everything we do is to sustain the brands for long-term growth in the future. So I think that's what you're seeing play out. I think the quarter was a great quarter, very much kind of in line, a little bit better than what we expected but that's really how we see the year play out with the next few quarters.
Dave Powers: Yes. And just to finish that off, I think our objective is to control the marketplace and the health of our brands. And we're obviously experiencing very high rates of full price sell-through and healthy margins. And our goal is to continue that, continue our pull model in the marketplace for all of our brands, take opportunities where we can but we're not chasing numbers. We're in the sort of long game and looking for sustainable, healthy profitable growth for years to come.
Jonathan Komp: That's very helpful. Just one follow-up, if I could. Should we still be expecting a new version of a Bondi? And maybe if you could comment at all on Clifton this fiscal year. And any color or feedback on some of the new segmentation approach for some of your new launches recently?
Stefano Caroti: Yes, Jon, good point. We've created a collection with styles and colors and branding variation that allows for greater differentiation across point of distribution. Mach 6 has been performing super well. Bondi -- yes, Bondi update will hit Q4, so it's a February launch. And then we pushed back Clifton 10 to fiscal '26 to give Bondi 9 -- sorry, Bondi 8 -- Bondi 9 breathing room.
Dave Powers: And then, I would also add the new Skyflow that recently just launched in the last couple of weeks is another opportunity for kind of a gateway issue for runners into the brand, incredible innovation but a more commercial price point that will help round out that Clifton Bondi franchise and so we're less reliant on those two. Those will still be super important, very, very strong sellers for us but we think the Skyflow can add to that group of key sellers. And we'll see how that performs over the next 12 months. But so far, the response to that has been very strong and we're super pleased with that as well.
Jonathan Komp: Dave, best of luck with your transition.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Jon, appreciate it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Laurent Vasilescu from BNP Paribas.
Laurent Vasilescu: Dave, again, congrats for all you've done and for your future endeavors. I wanted to ask about your envious cash balance position of $1.4 billion. And obviously, there's been the future cash generation. Dave, Stefano, this is also a question for you and Steve too. Can you talk about the capital allocation priorities. Clearly buybacks are still important but would you consider issuing a dividend at some point? Also, I don't think M&A is in the cards near term. I just wanted to be sure that's still the thought process going forward.
Dave Powers: Sure. Good question. It is a healthy cash balance and we're very proud of that. We've built it over the last 8 years. I will speak to the M&A piece of it, then I'll hand it over to Steve on dividends, et cetera. M&A is something that -- our strategy hasn't changed here. We're always looking. We're always exploring and evaluating opportunities. And then we keep coming back to the same answer is that we have incredible organic growth with the brands we have for years to come. And we think we want to focus as much as we can on HOKA and UGG and reactivating Teva. We have category expansion opportunities. We have men's opportunities in UGG, apparel opportunity in HOKA over the years. And so I think given valuations out in the marketplace, given the integration challenges that it would cause on our end and potentially taking our eye off the ball. Anything sizable is not on the radar right now. We just launched Ahnu. We think that's got long-term potential. So no news really on the M&A front from a cash perspective. Steve?
Steve Fasching: Yes. And I think just to add to that a little bit, with the growth rates that we're putting up too, our focus really is on continued organic growth and delivering exceptional levels of profitability is what's helping us at the same time, build a strong balance sheet. And I think as I've said for some time, we like to operate with a position of strength and a strong balance sheet gives us that opportunity. To Dave's point, it gives us an opportunity to look at what's around. But at the same time and first and foremost is about how we're investing in our business to continue to grow this over the long term. I think you've seen some of our step-up in investment on the CapEx side. And then as you know, Laurent, we are committed. We don't guide to any future share repurchase but you can see with the past with what we delivered in Q1, there's definitely a commitment to share repurchase. And then to your question on dividend, sure, that's something that we always consider and it's something that we discuss with our Board of Directors. So it's something that's on the table and being discussed but nothing to announce at this stage.
Laurent Vasilescu: Okay. And then a follow-up question. Two parts for the follow-up question. I think, Dave, you mentioned opportunities with HOKA Apparel. I saw that you launched Airolite recently. It looks like it's doing very well. Just love to get your take there. And then, Steve, the guidance on the topline implies 8% for the balance of the year. I know you've got the hardest comp in 2Q. Last quarter, you did give us some commentary about 1Q revenues. Anyway, I know you don't guide by quarter but how do we think about the shape of the revenues for the remaining 3 quarters?
Dave Powers: Yes. Just real quick on the HOKA piece. The new launch, it's doing okay. I think it's selling through well small units and limited distribution. I think one of -- well, I know one of the key priorities for Robin and the team over the course of the next few years is to really create a compelling and exciting and innovative apparel offer. We've yet to do that, quite honestly. And it's been okay to this point because we have such amazing footwear growth but we know that, a, consumers want apparel from us; and b, we have a tremendous opportunity to disrupt that category. So consider that a key priority of Robin and Stefano and the team and we're investing in leadership and also infrastructure to be able to support those efforts over the years to come. But we -- it's early days still.
Steve Fasching: Yes, then, Laurent, on the guidance, you're right, we don't give quarterly guidance. I think as we've seen shifts in the business, we've seen revenue move as demonstrated in Q1 with the health of our brands and the in-demand nature of our brands. We are seeing demand move a little bit earlier which is why we saw Q1 stronger. We talked about that in kind of giving some direction on Q1. As we look out into the year and with the guidance that we're holding from a revenue growth standpoint year-over-year at the 10%, the future quarters start to fall in line with that future or full year guidance that we've given on the year. So we expected Q1 to be our strongest percentage grower. Again, it's one of our smaller quarters. As you stated, we know we're going to be up against harder comparisons against a year ago. And so that growth will slow down but still delivering a topline growth of around 10%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sam Poser from Williams Trading.
Sam Poser: Dave, I -- I wish you all the best in your future endeavors. I believe I mentioned sand at all of my notes with you guys that there's a little bit of sandbagging on you're really going to miss these earnings calls. I just feel that a little bit. But that's why they're here or there. I have 3 things. One, Erinn, the normal question because the numbers didn't add up on the HOKA numbers. So if we can get the dollars for wholesale or dollars for direct by each brand for the quarter, that would be great. And then, Steve, the freight impact in the -- like the freight impact you're anticipating for gross margin? And the mix impact which would both be geographic because you're expecting international growth to, I think, outpace domestic as well as channel, how will that impact the margins as well?
Erinn Kohler: Sam, it's Erinn. So I'll go ahead and kick off. So for our first quarter results for global wholesale and distributor by brand: For UGG, it was approximately $143 million; HOKA, $333 million; Teva, $31.4 million; and Sanuk, $4.4 million. And that leaves you with other which is predominantly Koolaburra at $3.7 million.
Steve Fasching: Okay. Sam, this is Steve. On the freight, of the 560-ish basis point increase that we saw in Q1, 80 basis points of that was freight. So recall a year ago, we -- we still had higher freight rates that came down throughout the year and we still benefited from that in Q1. So that Q1 comparison was the freight benefit. As we move forward and as I indicated in the prepared remarks, that now turns to a headwind, right? And what we think the full year impact of that freight will be is a negative 80 bps. So the positive 80 now flips to a negative 80 and that negative balance is going to be incurred over the next 3 quarters.
Sam Poser: Okay. And then as far as mix and channel?
Steve Fasching: So in the quarter, what we're saying of the 560, roughly about 250 basis points from margin expansion and brand mix. So we saw an improvement in the brand proportion as well as some of the product mix that contributed to that margin expansion. And then we had about 250 basis points of full price selling. So recall, a year ago, in Q1, we had more closeout business. And that's where we've probably performed a little bit better which is what you're seeing on the pass through to the full year and the lift of the gross margin is some of that better full price selling that we experienced and fewer closeout sales in Q1 this year.
Sam Poser: And you're expecting things to normalize going forward from a -- from a promotional activity which is sort of your cushion if things continue the way they are, margins would be higher, I assume.
Steve Fasching: Yes. So look and we'll see how it plays out. But yes and that's what we said in our guidance. We anticipate it to be a more promotional environment going forward and we'll see how things play out.
Sam Poser: Thank you very much on continued success.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Telsey: Congratulations, Dave, wishing you best of luck on your next and what a terrific accomplishment at Deckers and the team that you've put in place to succeed. As you think about the freight costs, Steve, what you were just saying, is there any difference in terms of what the exposure to China is, how are you thinking about that going forward? And what are you seeing in terms of pricing, both on the retail price front and what you're seeing in terms of raw materials? And then, Dave, on distribution for both HOKA and UGG, what are you seeing in new channels of distribution, new retail partners and the expansion of any of those stores?
Steve Fasching: Okay, Dana. This is Steve. I'll start with the freight. So I think what we are -- and we started to see it earlier in the year. What we benefited from in Q1 was rates on product that was kind of in place before we started to see these freight rate increases. And that's what we were able to benefit from in Q1. And recall the way we expense inventory and that freight which gets allocated to that inventory is when it sells through. So when we started to see the freight increases a few months ago, that's on the inventory that was inbound. That's what we're anticipating to sell through and therefore, experience a higher rate. As you saw last year, rates declined during the year. So we're now anticipating rates increasing and we've seen significant increases. We haven't necessarily assumed any further rate increases from the rates that are out there today. So our assumptions are more around stabilization of freight rates for the year and we'll see. If it gets worse, that could be a headwind. If it gets better, it could be a little bit of a tailwind. But we're not seeing any indications of freight rates getting better at this point in time, to be determined. And then just in terms of input costs, we're not seeing and we're well bought kind of through the fall season buying in spring season, not seeing too much change on the input costs at this stage, something that we're keeping a close eye on. We have seen a little bit increase but we're pretty much set for the year at this point.
Dave Powers: Yes. And this is Dave. On the distribution side, I think the teams are doing an exceptional job on managing the marketplace, making sure that our current accounts are having healthy full price sell-through with us and managing inventory levels appropriately. But at the same time, we are looking for other opportunities, strategic growth, more so on the HOKA side. We have store openings of our own that we'll be doing across UGG and HOKA globally not rolling out massively but we will be rolling out some new doors. We think that's important for both brands. But I'll let Stefano speak to a little bit more specifics on which partners we're working with on the HOKA side.
Stefano Caroti: Yes, Dana, yes, we'll be seeing some expansion with key partners, both domestically and internationally with the likes of DSG, JD, both in the U.S., in Europe and Asia, Intersport in Europe, Foot Locker as well as top sport in China and Sport Chek in Canada. And this is specific to HOKA.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Janine Stichter from BTIG.
Unidentified Analyst: You've got Ethan [ph] on for Janine. My first question, just on the higher SG&A guide, could you give us a bit more color on where the spend is going? And just philosophically, how you think about investing revenue and margin upside into SG&A?
Steve Fasching: Yes. I think I'll start. This is Steve. And what our thinking on that was with some margin expansion, it affords us an opportunity, delivering still exceptional levels of profitability to continue to invest in building brands and global awareness of our brands, right? And we see the competition, we see what's coming on. And so again, as we improve profitability, we can invest some of that back into continuing to build our brands and the awareness of our brands globally and at the same time pass some of it through to lift our guidance. We think, again, this is a great long-term sustainable strategy of how we build our brands and the global awareness around it. Additionally, what's also included in there is as we're growing at these rates, we have to build our teams and continue to invest in infrastructure that supports the continued growth of our business. So you're seeing continued step-up in that respect. But again, in line in percentage terms with what we've said with the revenue growth and again, delivering exceptional levels, especially in comparison to our peers in the space. So just a good place to be and to take advantage of that when we're able to expand some of the gross margin.
Dave Powers: Yes. And we're continuing to work within our own internal guardrails in our financial model. But given the opportunity in margin, we can be more flexible. And like we've said all along, we're going to continue to invest in these brands for growth. But as we get bigger, especially in HOKA, there's more products to market. We just launched a handful of brand-new innovations to the marketplace and they all need their time in the sun, so to speak and support from a marketing perspective in addition to top of the funnel marketing to drive awareness globally. So it's going to good use, I can tell you that. Our marketing teams are exceptional at managing our marketing spend across the globe. We do that essentially with a very talented team and we monitor the return on that spend almost daily. So we feel really confident that if we continue to invest in marketing in the right areas to promote the brand awareness and also individual launches, that's going to be successful for us. And at the same time, we're heading into a big season with UGG. We have some exciting marketing activations that we need to get behind as well. And we feel really confident about that spend going that way.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That's all really helpful. And then just a follow-up for me. For the wholesale growth you're talking about with HOKA driving it, just how much of that is going to be shelf space expansion or partners taking product earlier versus new door expansion? And just how should we think about the cadence of volume growth from new door openings for the rest of the year?
Stefano Caroti: It's a combination of the two, both shelf space gain as well as new doors.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ike Boruchow from Wells Fargo.
Ike Boruchow: I just wanted a quick question on the HOKA DTC number, I mean, it's been strong for many years but it's the first time it's accelerated in growth rate in about 5 quarters to 33%. And it's doing it -- I think you guys mentioned about the Clifton launch kind of being kicked out later. So with that acceleration with Clifton kind of not benefiting you, is it more -- is it more Bondi? Is it more of some of these newer launches? Like what exactly is driving that? Is there a certain region that we could look to driving that? It's impressive to see, especially with the timing of the ships.
Stefano Caroti: We want to build a balanced business across more franchises and recent launches of Gaviota, Zirra, Mach 6 have been very successful. So we want to build more legs to the HOKA store.
Dave Powers: Yes. And I think these new launches in the last quarter, the Cielo X and the Skyward, et cetera, those really resonate on our DTC channels first and styles like that bring a lot of energy from our core loyal consumers. They can't wait to get the new product. And then in addition to just the marketing efforts we're making across the board on awareness building and bringing new customers into the brand in general. So I think as Stefano said, as we build a balanced business across categories and franchises, this is an example of how that can benefit our business going forward.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And I think the other thing that we're watching closely is as we expand distribution and build brand awareness, we know customers come to us directly. So the thing that we continue to watch is even as we're growing wholesale distribution, as consumers come into the brand, a way for them to find a broader offering is through our DTC experience. And so here through DTC, they were able to experience a fuller line, plus we know we've engaged them. So they'll continue to buy through wholesale in many cases but in some cases, they just want the product dropped at their doorstep. And so this is what we've talked about really for quarters. A part of our strategy of how we balance that wholesale growth and combined with DTC and bringing customers in through DTC.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John Kernan from TD Cowen.
Krista Zuber: It's Krista Zuber on for John. And Dave, we wish you all the best and congratulations on your accomplishments at Deckers. Two questions for us. First on the inventory. Sort of in total, it was up relatively low single digits. Kind of how would you characterize the inventory positioning across the channels for UGG, both domestic and internationally and same for HOKA? And then just as a follow-up, can you provide some insight into the shape of your order book trends in relation to your comments around marketplace management and maintaining a whole market. I suspect they're likely running higher than your planned revenue guide for fiscal '25.
Dave Powers: Yes. I'll speak to the first one and I'll hand it over to Steve and he can handle the order book transit. So we don't generally give that information but I'll see how Steve answers it for you. But the inventory, yes, about approximately 2%. And specifically for UGG, we're feeling really, really good about our inventory position. I think you saw the success of Q1 with core styles like the Tasman and in some of our franchise styles that do a lot of volume but also the sell-through of the Golden Collection, both the Goldenstar and the Golden Globe. It's probably the best sell-through at topline and bottom line we've had of a spring sandal ever and we're super excited about that momentum. But it helps us go into fall with a very clean marketplace and we're in a good inventory position to be able to take care of the wholesale demand that we have and also funnel our DTC engine with a tighter line, fewer SKUs, more inventory in the top drivers of the assortment. And I think that's going to continue to serve us well going forward. Steve?
Steve Fasching: Yes. I think just to add on the inventory too. That's something that we've been at work for a couple of years now. And I think what you saw, especially coming out of the pandemic is we were pretty aggressive in terms of getting inventory in line. And I think we were -- when I kind of looked across the space, one of the first ones really to get in a good position. I think from the balance that we're carrying, we feel really good. It's a good healthy inventory position. We're not over-inventoried. It also allows us to get quickly into the market. And so that's where you're able to -- for us to move on innovation and move to new styles is being really disciplined on our inventory management. On the order book, as Dave said, we don't comment on kind of order book levels. But what I will say is with the model that we run, the demand is greater than what we're supplying. And so that is our model, right? And it's working. And so if you talk to a number of our accounts, I think you would likely hear that they would probably want to buy more than what we're allocating to them. And so from that perspective, I think we're in a good healthy position as we look forward to the coming quarters.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Sole from UBS.
Jay Sole: Terrific. If we can just dig in on HOKA DTC a little bit more. Can you give us a sense of what the DTC growth rates were in, say, North America versus Europe? And if you're starting to see the HOKA brand really ramp in Asia, was that a contributor to the growth, that's my first question.
Steve Fasching: Yes, sure. Yes, we haven't necessarily given the breakout of all that. But what we will say is that we're continuing to see strong international growth. We're seeing good growth, as demonstrated by the numbers in North America as well. All of that is contributing to the global lift that we did report. So I think what we believe and a lot of this is what we set out a couple of years ago, is the importance of building the international business. That's well on track. And what we are seeing is strong -- kind of strong and building awareness of the HOKA brand internationally that is contributing to DTC. It's also part of a bit of our expansion within the wholesale channel. So Asia, it's more DTC, still but -- small numbers but growing. And so that's something that we've continued to focus on. Eye kind of on the China market and the opportunity there. And there, you'll see us being more aggressive with like a retail build-out. So we have more stores -- HOKA stores in China than we do any other country. So I'd say well balanced in terms of the growth of how we've looked at it. Pleased with the progress that we're making. But a big focus of ours is growing that international component.
Dave Powers: Yes. And I would just add, I think it's -- we're really pleased with the success of the DTC business over the last few years. And I'm excited by the level of repeat customers we're getting both in UGG and HOKA that are driving incremental gains in addition to new customers. And then on the international front, we have a long way to go but we're off to a really good start in the last couple of years, particularly in HOKA with the growth of our online and store distribution network in the international region and seeing good healthy growth there. So as we've talked about, it's a priority for us. We want to get DTC to about 50% of our total business, potentially more down the road because we gain all the data, we have a better relationship with our consumers. We're more engaged with them and it's best for our margins and topline ASPs. So -- and we'll continue to invest in this channel and leverage the pull model in wholesale and drive this to as high as it can be. But so far across the marketplace globally, we're in really good shape.
Jay Sole: Got it. David, if I can just do one follow-up. That's a very interesting answer. And just given the diversification of the UGG line. And now you're talking about Skyflow and Cielo and Skyward X, all the diversification in the HOKA line. And you mentioned starting to open up stores in both brands which I think the diverse product assortments are an unlock to that. But it sounds you're going to open up -- what's the unlock? What's the gating factor to deciding that maybe it's time to roll out both UGG and HOKA stores in a bigger way across the world?
Dave Powers: Yes. It's a good question. They're very different strategy. So in UGG, we're -- we're really employing more of a city flagship approach. And so we have Fifth Avenue in New York which opened a few years ago. We have a new store that's opening in Knightsbridge in London. We're looking for a flagship location similarly in Asia and China. We don't see us rolling out a lot of fleet doors for UGG but more focused on exceptional experience and product showcasing in these larger cities and larger formats. HOKA is a little bit different. We just opened Fifth Avenue in New York which is doing extremely well. That's our biggest store ever. And we're learning a lot there. It's early days of HOKA retail but we see the demand, we see the opportunity. And we'll be a little bit more strategic and a little bit more aggressive. But we're not looking to roll out to 200 doors across the fleet. We're going to manage this tightly along with the marketplace and make sure that we have great experiences for our consumers. We are connecting with our local communities where we have opportunity for that. And then in big cities for our international consumers to experience the brand as well. So early days, it will be an investment and that's why apparel is so important down the road for both brands to just kind of round out that overall assortment. But strategic, healthy, quality growth across the globe and leveraging our partners in Asia where we can to do the same.
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session and does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-05-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, VP Investor Relations and Corporate Planning.
Erinn Kohler : Hello, and thank you everyone for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer; and Stefano Caroti, Chief Commercial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our current and long-term strategic objectives, anticipated impacts from our brand and marketplace management strategies, changes in consumer behavior, strength of our brands, demand for our products, product and channel distribution strategies, including direct to consumer, marketing plans and strategies, disruptions to our supply chain and logistics, our anticipated revenues, brand performance, product mix, margins, expenses, inventory levels and promotional activity, the impacts of the macroeconomic environment on our operations and performance, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and our ability to achieve our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. On this call, management may refer to financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States, including constant currency. In addition, the company reports comparable direct-to-consumer sales on a constant currency basis for operations that were open throughout the current and prior reporting periods. The company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are important indicators of its operating performance because they exclude items that are unrelated to and may not be indicative of its core operating results. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers : Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I am thrilled to be here sharing and celebrating Deckers incredible achievements in fiscal year 2024. For the full year, we delivered revenue growth of 18% versus last year, nearly reaching $4.3 billion of annual revenue, gross margin of 55.6%, a 530 basis point increase over last year, operating margin of 21.6%, and earnings per share of $29.16, representing a 51% and nearly $10 increase over last year. These extraordinary results are a testament to the success of our long-term strategies and the execution of our hardworking employees. Over the past four years, Deckers revenue has grown at a compound annual growth rate of 19%, adding over $2 billion of incremental revenue. We also substantially expanded profitability as earnings per share has grown at a CAGR of 32%. With the scale of our organization's growth, we are continuing to bolster our foundation through investments that support the long-term success of our leading brands. HOKA and UGG have become two of the strongest and most in-demand brands in the footwear space. They are continuing to win with consumers by infusing performance and fashion into products that embrace their respective brand codes. Building on the outstanding progress we have made over the last few years, our teams are laser focused on the significant opportunities that lie ahead as we seek to build HOKA into a multi-billion dollar global player in the performance athletic space, grow UGG with premium products and elevated experiences that enhance consumer connections, expand DTC through engagement, acquisition, and retention gains, and advance our international markets through targeted investments. Our robust and innovative product pipeline comprised of relevant and distinct products, is amplified by our marketplace management strategies and gives us the confidence to continue progressing on these initiatives as we create the future of Deckers. Steve will provide further specifics about our fiscal year 2025 expectations, as well as our fiscal year 2024 financial performance, but first I would like to share some of the brand and channel highlights. Starting with the brand highlights. Global HOKA revenue in fiscal year 2024 was $1.8 billion, representing an increase of 28% versus the prior year. For the year, HOKA growth was driven by increased brand awareness with the US rising to approximately 40% and international regions on average reaching just over 20%. Global DTC which increased 40% versus last year. Market share gains with key global wholesale partners, and most importantly, success with new performance innovations across the road, trail, and lifestyle product categories. From a brand awareness standpoint, these are significant strides for HOKA. Across the board, HOKA is experiencing significant gains on both a season-over-season and a year-over-year standpoint. Aligned with our strategy to solidify HOKA as a global player, international regions are driving particularly strong gains in awareness, increasing more than 80% versus the prior year. Global consumers who identify as runners remain our highest awareness group and continue to see strong increases, but we are also seeing really powerful growth among consumers who are more general fitness oriented. While HOKA is increasing its awareness across all age groups, growth is strongest among 18 to 34 year olds globally, with brand awareness among this influential age group nearly doubling year-over-year. We believe the continued progress introducing HOKA to new consumers around the world has resulted from our increased investments in brand marketing, through the expansion of the FLY HUMAN FLY campaign, including greater out-of-home digital and physical assets, dedicated and enhanced sponsorship of both globally recognized and local running events such as UTMB with HOKA becoming the new title sponsor. Enriched engagement with social media across various platforms, and a greater retail footprint that allows for community building activities like our HOKA Run Club. We are pleased to see these investments paying-off not only through increased awareness across markets, but also by growing brand consideration and purchase intent, some of which is happening in real time. We’re proud of the great progress our teams are making, but also recognize that HOKA still has plenty of room to grow awareness, consideration and ultimately market share across all global regions. HOKA has an amazing opportunity ahead as the brand continues to win with consumers around the world, and we look forward to facing this challenge head on through a relentless focus on product innovation and authentic consumer engagement. From a channel perspective HOKA continues to excel across its ecosystem of global access points. Recall at the outset of fiscal year 2024, we noted the brand's focus on building full price market share, with existing points of wholesale distribution through a pull-model and increasing the mix of DTC through consumer acquisition and retention gains. The result of our disciplined marketplace management strategy achieved both goals with HOKA delivering record gross margins as the brand benefited from maintaining exceptionally high levels of full price selling, despite operating in a more promotional marketplace and shifting mix to DTC, which increased to 38%, up from 34% in the prior year. I would also note that the HOKA brand's strong growth through full-price selling in the wholesale channel was accomplished primarily through market share gains with existing distribution, and greater efficiency with recently opened doors relative to locations that were eliminated. Regarding HOKA DTC, revenue growth was driven by global increases in acquired and retained consumers which expanded 32% and 44% respectively. We remain encouraged by the growth across markets, with the US continuing to deliver strong increases in alignment with the global averages and international regions increasing more than 50% in both acquisition and retention. These consumer growth figures are leading indicators of HOKA brand adoption, highlighting the brand's ability to both expand the scope of HOKA consumers and retain existing consumers through consistent product innovations that delivered an unmatched wearing experience. As we continue to introduce HOKA to new consumers around the world. We view branded retail stores in key cities, as an important consumer engagement vehicle. Just a few weeks ago, HOKA opened its second European retail store in Paris, France. Though only open for a short time, we have been very encouraged by the consumer feedback, conversion and broad product adoption. We were excited for HOKA to have a footing in this important market, particularly as the location expect to see high traffic during the upcoming summer Olympics. On the product front, HOKA is driving growth and consumer acquisition through innovative updates and new introductions across a diverse assortment of footwear. The HOKA brand's fiscal year 2024 performance was primarily driven by road running favourites like the Clifton and Bondi franchises, stability staples like the Arahi and Gaviota, both of which received updates during the year, trail conquers like the Speed Go, Challenger and Stinson franchises and everyday performance lifestyle shoes like the Transport, Solimar and the Kawana. We expect these styles will continue to contribute to the growth of HOKA moving forward, but are also really excited about the brand's ongoing efforts to constantly infuse new innovations into the product assortment. Back in February we highlighted the launch of the all-new Cielo X1, which represents the pinnacle of the HOKA brands race offering. We have been in awe of the consumer response to this incredible shoe, which sold out almost immediately in the initial launch colorway. While we don't expect to drive significant volumes on this very specific ultra performance shoe, we are excited and encouraged by the consumer demand validating HOKA in this category. Our progress in this more niche category is designed to emphasize the brand's performance routes, even as we expand the consumer aperture to more commercial styles. With respect to these broader more commercially focused products, we have been impressed by the consumer response to our latest update of the Mach franchise, the Mach 6. This completely redesigned silhouette was upgraded with a supercritical foam midsole and strategic rubber coverage on the outsole for greater durability, while remaining our lightest Mach to-date. Sell-through of this versatile and responsive style at our wholesale partners and in our DTC channel has been exceptional with the Mach 6 becoming a top five style across all of Deckers since its launch. Innovation is the HOKA brand's top-priority, continuing to develop groundbreaking products that energize consumers around the world. We are fortunate to have a phenomenal roster of HOKA athletes, who we will continue partnering with to drive greater athlete enhanced innovations into our most Pinnacle products, while also further developing the assortment to segment and differentiate HOKA distribution as we continue to scale. The recently launched Skyward X is the perfect example of new product innovation that benefits our segmentation efforts. This all new style was developed as our first carbon plated shoe that is designed for everyday runs with maximum cushion. The Skyward X has a revolutionary suspension system to pair with its convex carbon plate that gives the runner cushion for impact with a natural spring forward. This style helps elevate the HOKA assortment sitting above other Mach’s cushion styles from both a price point and performance perspective. This allows HOKA widen distribution on other styles while the Skyward X is targeted for specific accounts like run specialty, top strategic performance stores and our DTC channel. As we methodically open new access points for HOKA over the next year, we continue to fine-tune differentiated assortments across geographic markets and channels of distribution. I could not be prouder of the HOKA team's incredible results over the last year. We are pleased to now have a proven industry leader like Robin Green, who joined us in February, leading the team and are looking forward to the positive impact we believe she can have to drive HOKA into its next phase of growth. Moving on to UGG. Global revenue in fiscal year 2024 was $2.2 billion, representing an increase of 16% versus the prior year. For the year, UGG growth derived from the key initiatives set forth at the outset of FY '24, as aligned product, marketing and commercial execution, drove global increases in DTC acquisition and retention and expansion in international markets. These results are a testament of our powerful product engine and disciplined product management strategy. The UGG brand continues to maintain important relationships with valued wholesale partners while delivering strong results through the segmentation and differentiation of global marketplaces. With the allocation of core products driving high levels of full price sell-through and lean inventories in the marketplace, UGG has become a leading-brand in wholesale, while funneling upside demand to the DTC channel. For the year this contributed to global gains in both DTC acquisition and retention, which increased 18% and 17% respectively, contributing to the UGG brand's 22% increase in global DTC revenue. This is a truly impressive result for our DTC channel and speaks to the work our brand, marketing and PR teams have been doing to maintain high levels of brand heat year-round from seeding products with global and regional influencers, creating compelling product collaborations with prominent brands and showing up on the runway at fashion weeks around the world to deepening consumer connections through elevated brand experiences like the Field House or a recent Formula 1 activation. The UGG team has consistently developed interesting and on-brand content to stay top of mind with consumers. We believe the continued focus of our teams are working with local individuals across global markets, has helped UGG connect and resonate more effectively with international consumers. Whether it be partnering with Honey from K-PoP Group NewJeans or the collaboration with Gallery Department expanding access to influential retailers in Europe. These efforts have helped establish UGG in its healthiest position to date across influential international markets. This contributed to UGG delivering an international growth rate of more than two that of the double-digit revenue growth from the US market. The success of these initiatives drove significant shifts in the composition of UGG revenue aligned with our long-term strategy with DTC increasing to a record 50% of mix and international increasing to 37% of mix, up from approximately 30% three years ago. Both of these ships were margin accretive and when combined with exceptionally high levels of full price selling and benefits from select price increases, resulted in record high gross margin for the UGG brand in fiscal year 2024. Of course, this is all underpinned by the UGG brand's ongoing creation of compelling products that are resonating around the world. What impresses me most about the UGG brand's performance in fiscal year 2024 is that the brand drove a 16% increase in revenue through single-digit unit growth with significantly fewer SKUs than the prior year. UGG was able to achieve this because of the increased global alignment on the brand product assortment, creating efficiencies on marketing stories and inventory purchasing. Last year, we spoke about the UGG team's focus to reimagine iconic styles and that is exactly what we saw play out during FY'24, and what we continue to see consumer is excited about in the upcoming fiscal year. The UGG product team continues to delight consumers by creating threads that connect new styles to existing icons. Over the last couple of years we've seen this take shape with the Ultra Mini inspired by the Classic Mini, Platform Classics, inspired by the original classics and the Tazz, inspired by the Tasman. These are just a few examples of product evolutions that have helped UGG build the shoulder seasons outside of fall and winter, attracting new consumers while remaining rooted in the brand's heritage. Keeping an eye on the future, UGG continues to build upon franchises that are reimagining of existing icons in new categories. The Golden Collection is one, we continue to be very excited about. UGG first introduced the Goldenstar Sandal a couple of years ago, which is a strappy sandal inspired by the original classic boot. This style has continued to blossom on its own and we are also seeing great enthusiasm for new adjacent styles in the collection, including the Golden Glow sandal, a water-friendly colorful version of the original Goldenstar, which has become an instant hit and the Goldenstar Clog, which was spotted on basketball Superstar, Caitlin Clark, shortly after shoes drafted first overall to the WNBA. Outside of the Golden Collection, UGG is developing compelling new products in the slip-on shoe and sneaker category, which includes the Lowmel, a sneaker silhouette inspired by the original Neumel boot that continues to sell out quickly as new inventory comes into the marketplace and venture days, a rugged outdoor take on the original Tasman, which sold out quickly in China and was recently worn by Formula One Star Pierre Gasly at the Miami Grand Prix. These emerging franchises, along with complementary styles give us confidence that UGG will continue to capitalize on high levels of brand heat and demand to deliver strong performance for years to come. Congratulations to the UGG team on another excellent year. Moving to our discussion of consolidated channel performance. Deckers' fiscal year 2024 results reflected the success of our omni-channel marketplace management strategies that continue to preserve our brand's premium positioning around the world. By tightly managing marketplace inventory, we were able to drive strong full price sell-through, increase market share and capture upside demand in our direct-to-consumer channel. This led to outstanding DTC growth, which for fiscal year 2024 increased revenue 27% versus last year by adding nearly $400 million of incremental business. DTC represented 43% of total company revenue which is up from 40% in the prior fiscal year. DTC gains resulted from strength across brands with HOKA and UGG DTC increasing 40% and 22%, respectively. Regions with international and domestic DTC increasing 37% and 22%, respectively, and consumers with acquired and retained increasing 21% and 24% respectively, across all brands. On a DTC comparable basis, revenue increased 25% versus last year, reflecting positive engagement and conversion of demand for the great products that our brands are bringing to market across both online and in-store direct-to-consumer touch points. From a wholesale perspective, fiscal year 2024 revenue increased 13% versus last year. Growth was primarily driven by high levels of full-priced global demand for the UGG and HOKA brands, which resulted in healthy sell-throughs at our valued partners, as we maintain lean inventories in the wholesale marketplace. We are entering fiscal year 2025 in a position of strength because of the successful execution of our omni-channel brand and marketplace management strategy. As our brand teams continue to delight consumers with unique and innovative products, our commercial teams will continue to execute on this strategy, working with our fantastic partners to maintain our brand's premium positioning in their respective marketplaces. With that I will hand it over to Steve to provide further details on our fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2024 results, as well as our initial outlook on fiscal year 2025. Steve?
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave and good afternoon, everyone. As you've just heard, Deckers' performance in fiscal year 2024 was exceptional as we drove our fourth consecutive year of double-digit top-line growth and delivered top-tier levels of profitability. Deckers has added over $1.1 billion of incremental revenue in two years, driven by the strength of the HOKA and UGG brands, as innovative and consumer obsessed product creation continues to resonate globally. Our flexible operating model and disciplined approach to marketplace management has allowed us to capitalize on these high levels of brand heat, while maintaining exceptional levels of full price selling leading to our record earnings in fiscal year 2024. Our dedication to our long-term strategic initiatives continues to be the foundation for our success, as we remain committed to driving profitable growth over the long term. With that, let's get into a recap of our fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2024 results. For the fourth quarter, revenue came in at $960 million, representing an increase of 21% versus the prior year. Performance in the quarter was driven by HOKA and UGG, which saw increases of 34% and 15% respectively. On HOKA the brand delivered its first ever $0.5 billion quarter, as DTC maintained momentum with volume continuing to grow quarter-over-quarter and wholesale reaccelerated from both a percentage and volume perspective, as the brand benefited from key product launches and the wholesale fill-in activity. For UGG, the brand delivered an exceptional quarter, as DTC was able to maintain momentum from Q3, delivering another strong increase despite some inventory shortages on certain key products and wholesale drove growth versus last year, despite selling significantly fewer units as the brand was able to replace the majority of last year's closeout volume with full price shipments into a depleted marketplace and international strength was maintained. Gross margin in the fourth quarter was 56.2%, a 620 basis point increase from the prior year. The improved gross margin primarily relates to extraordinary benefits from higher mix of UGG full price selling, including lower closeouts, select price increases as well as favorable brand and product mix and freight savings. SG&A for the fourth quarter was $395 million, representing 41.2% of revenue, which compares to last year's $290 million and a 36.7% of revenue. SG&A as a percentage of revenue was up 450 basis points year-over-year, primarily as we accelerated top of funnel marketing spend to build longer-term awareness and our strong fiscal 2024 results drove higher performance related compensation. These results, coupled with higher interest income and a lower share count from our share repurchase program drove diluted earnings per share of $4.95 which compares to $3.46 in the prior year period, representing a 43% increase. With the strength of our fourth quarter, Deckers delivered exceptional full year fiscal 2024 results, which includes revenues increasing 18% versus last year to a record $4.288 billion, as compared to last year, revenue growth was driven by robust HOKA growth across regions and channels led by strong DTC growth of 40% as the brand continues to gain awareness across its well-managed ecosystem of access points and broad-based UGG growth, as the brand grew 16% and eclipsed $2.2 billion of revenue primarily through DTC and international strength. Gross margins for the year were 55.6% up 530 basis points versus last year. The increase in gross margin was primarily related to favorable UGG full price selling freight savings, select pricing benefits, as well as favorable brand and product mix and favorable channel mix with DTC growth outpacing wholesale. SG&A dollar spend for the year was $1.46 billion up 24% versus the prior year's $1.17 billion. SG&A represented 34% of revenue, which is 170 basis points above last year's rate. The SG&A increase as compared to last year was driven primarily by investment in talent to support key functions within our growing organization and higher performance compensation, higher marketing spend including strategic spend to amplify HOKA awareness, in leading international markets, and infrastructure investments and related depreciation to support the continued growth of our organization. This all resulted in a full fiscal year 2024 operating margin of 21.6%, which is 360 basis points above last year, reflecting the improvement in gross margin experienced partially offset by the normalization of our rate of SG&A spend. As illustrated by our results, we continue delivering top-tier levels of profitability. And while we are pleased with these results, we remain mindful that the outsized margin expansion experienced particularly from historically low levels of promotion and discounting may not repeat to the same degree in future periods. For the year, our effective tax rate was 22.4%, which is flat to last year. Our strong performance, along with higher interest income and a lower share count from share repurchase activity culminated in a record diluted earnings per share of $29.16, which represents a 51% increase over last year's $19.37. Turning to our balance sheet. At March 31, 2024 we ended the year with $1.5 billion of cash and equivalents. Inventory was $474 million down 11% versus the same point in time last year. And during the period, we had no outstanding borrowings. During the fourth quarter we repurchased approximately $104 million worth of shares at an average price of $875.01 per share. For the entire fiscal year 2024, we repurchased over 700,000 shares for approximately $415 million at an average per share price of $580.44. At March 31, 2024 the company still had approximately $942 million remaining under its stock repurchase authorization. Now moving to our outlook. For the full fiscal year 2025, we expect top-line revenue growth of approximately 10% versus the prior year to $4.7 billion with HOKA as the main driver of growth increasing approximately 20%, versus the prior year through consumer acquisition and retention gains in our DTC channel, expanding strategically through key partners, while maintaining disciplined marketplace management and maintaining a dedicated focus on growing awareness and market share internationally. UGG increasing mid-single digits, driven primarily by international expansion and managing a healthy US marketplace, which includes prioritizing our DTC channel as we focus on maintaining the brand's pull model. Gross margins are expected to be approximately 53.5%, which is down 210 basis points versus last year, as we are anticipating a more normalized promotional environment with lower full price selling than the exceptional levels achieved in fiscal year 2024 and higher freight costs. SG&A is expected to be approximately 34% of revenue as we continue reinforcing our foundation and supporting key growth initiatives, which includes increased levels of marketing spend, primarily related to our continued focus to expand global HOKA awareness, investment in talent to bolster integral teams supporting the growth of our organization and IT and warehouse investments. We expect an operating margin of approximately 19.5%, reflecting our commitment to deliver top-tier levels of profitability while continuing to invest for the long-term growth of our brands. We are projecting an effective tax rate in the range of 22% to 23%, with this all resulting in an expected diluted earnings per share in the range of $29.50 to $30. Capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of $115 million to $125 million, which is above last year as we invest in supply chain and warehouse capabilities, capital IT projects retail refreshments, including opening select new strategic locations and updates to office facilities. Please note, this guidance excludes any charges that may be considered onetime in nature, and does not contemplate any impact from additional share repurchases. Additionally, our guidance assumes no meaningful deterioration of current risks and uncertainties, which include, but are not limited to changes in consumer confidence and recessionary pressures, inflationary pressures, geopolitical tensions, supply chain disruptions and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Looking ahead, we remain focused on executing against our strategic initiatives and delivering towards the full fiscal year. Per normal course, we will not be providing formal quarterly guidance. However given we are more than halfway through the first quarter we wanted to provide some context around our expectations for the quarter ending June 30. These include revenue growth in the high-teens, as we continue to refill depleted channel inventory that is pulling forward demand this year, and HOKA has maintained strong momentum in the DTC channel. Gross margin slightly above the full fiscal year guided rate as we benefit from reduced UGG promotion activity relative to last year in this quarter, select price increases on popular UGG style that we begin to lap in the second quarter and the largest proportion of HOKA revenue contribution. I would additionally note that beyond the first quarter, our gross margin will be up against exceptional levels of full price selling for the UGG brand. And thus, we do not expect the favorability relative to last year to continue beyond Q1. Regarding SG&A, our dollar growth rate in the first quarter is planned significantly higher as we front-load investments to support our growing organization. The higher earlier planned spending is driven by investments in marketing to launch brand campaigns that are further supporting some of the demand shifts we are seeing, as well as some earlier FX remeasurement headwinds resulting from the recent strengthening of the US dollar. Thanks, everyone. And with that, I'll now hand off the call to Dave for his closing remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Steve. I am so proud of the tenacity that our teams have consistently demonstrated to outperform expectations while continuously evolving in a dynamic consumer environment. As I near the end of my tenure leading the Deckers organization, I could not be prouder of how far we have come over the last eight years. Our company has transformed into a leading portfolio of consumer favorite brands. We have experienced explosive growth by incredible and still increasing brand heat across HOKA and UGG. Our organization has proven to be incredibly resilient and we have worked with agility to continuously deliver outstanding results. The company's success is largely attributable to our aligned long-term strategies, our highly effective leaders across the organization and hard-working and caring employees that continue to execute as we transform the business. Deckers is in an excellent position to continue on this path as Stefano steps into the role of CEO in just a few months. He has been a key contributor to our successful transformation and knows what it takes to lead Deckers on this continued journey. He and I are continuing to work together to ensure a smooth transition. Together, we are deeply committed to fostering Deckers collaborative and inspiring culture inclusive of encouraging authenticity, teamwork and a common goal to do good and to do great. This has cultivated a strong and growing team of exceptionally talented long-time employees and critical new hires across our global organization, which are the driving force behind our iconic brands, and I believe we will continue to galvanize the pathway for future success. On behalf of our executive leadership team and Board of Directors, I'd like to once again thank our employees for all their dedication to Deckers values and delivery of yet another full year of record results. Thank you to all of our stakeholders for their continued support along the way. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Laurent Vasilescu: Hello, good afternoon. Thank you very much for taking my question. Dave, I wanted to ask about HOKA. HOKA DTC was 38% of the mix for the year, which implies 4Q wholesale grew 40%. So I think you mentioned wholesale or maybe Steve, you had mentioned the wholesale fill in what was called out for the quarter. First quarter is also benefiting -- what are you seeing in the wholesale channel? Are retailers reordering across the Board, or may be selective? How should we think about HOKA wholesale growth for the year itself?
Dave Powers: Yes. Good question, Laurent. We're still seeing healthy demand from our wholesale partners. There was a little bit pull forward and sell-throughs are strong, so that kind of pulled forward mentality is still in place. It's right in-line with our pull-forward model. So we keep our wholesale channels tight and we try to drive more revenue to DTC. And we are going to continue that playbook going into 2025 and beyond. Remember, last year we maintained net new doors across wholesale. So in the wholesale channel. In FY '25, we'll be opening select doors with select strategic partners, more focused on our international marketplace. But we still have opportunity in international run specialty. In US run specialty, we are regularly generally one or two in market share. So just still optimizing that channel, but we have room to grow in our international strategic [run-mark] (ph) partners as well. So, yes. The marketplace is still strong. The demand is out there from the consumer, we're upgrading our pull model. And in addition to that, we have DTC, which we are expecting to grow faster than wholesale as we try to bolster that business and we get more interest in the brand from awareness increasing globally, which will help drive that model as well. Stefano, do you want to add anything there?
Stefano Caroti: Yes, Laurent, to build on what Dave just said, sales has been strong. Our key innovation stories for the season have performed very well. [indiscernible] not huge volumes there, but has performed super, super well beyond our expectations. And Mach 6, has performed -- and is performing very, very well, and it's now a top three style not just for HOKA for Deckers. In Skyward X, which we just launched a couple of weeks ago, the early read is also very, very, very encouraging across the globe.
Laurent Vasilescu: That's great to hear, Stefano. And then on HOKA International, I think you called it out Dave, the $1.8 billion in sales, is it fair to assume that HOKA International is about 30% of the mix. And if that is the case, where do you think that goes this year over time? And what region are you most excited about for FY '25?
Dave Powers: Yes, you're right. It's roughly around 30%. We do see that creeping up over time. We haven't given hard targets on that, but we are going to be focusing more energy on building awareness. As I said, door expansion, bolstering up our DTC engines in those markets. From a volume perspective, you'll definitely see upside in Europe. China is still a small market for us with tremendous upside and a lot of exciting things going on there. But from a dollar percentage increase, it's still going to be led by Europe in the short-term. I was in Asia last week together with Rob and Anne and the two leadership teams, there's definitely significant potential for both brands in China and the rest of Asia.
Laurent Vasilescu: Wonderful. Thank you very much for taking my question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS. Please go ahead.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much. I just want to ask about your guiding to mid-single-digit growth for this year on top of, obviously a really big year last year. What gives you the confidence that UGG continue to build on the big growth you've seen not just last year over the last couple of years as we think about fiscal 2025? Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yes. I've been here now coming up on 12 years. And this is the healthy effect seen the UGG brand. The demand with the consumer, the 18 to 24 year-old consumer, the broad-based health of all of our channels, retail stores, e-commerce sites, wholesale partners globally. And essentially, what you're seeing is the marketplace pull model that we put in place in North America a few years ago. Now that's activated in our international regions. So you're seeing brand heat and consideration among consumers in new international markets, increasing and very strong, and our pull model is still working. So we like to keep things a little bit scarce. And that led to some of the success we saw in this past Q4 where people were still looking for some of our reimagined icons like the Taaz and the Ultra Mini. Normally, we would see those tail-off at the beginning of January and February, but those are still strong and starting to become year-round styles. The other significant thing last year, we -- we sold low single-digits growth in units, but 18% revenue sales on top of that. So we are seeing a very healthy full price business. There is less markdown, there is less assortment in the channel. So we have the right styles for the right consumer in the right locations. And then we are also seeing great success in new franchises like the Goldenstar and venture days. And so that, combined with just the brand heat, the health of the marketplace, the way that the consumer is reacting to our localized marketing activations and our store elevation, we see a lot of optimism for the UGG brand going forward. But you are going to see continued growth in DTC and a real focus on upside in international.
Steve Fasching: Yes, Jay, this is Steve. Just to kind of add on to that. And I think it's important and Dave touched on it here. But what we saw in FY '24 was fairly significant dollar increase and not so much on the unit side. So because we benefited from full price selling, less close out some of our channel mix, that drove a big proportion of the dollar increase. And while we had some unit increases, what gives us confidence going forward in that mid-single-digit guidance is that we're continuing to see more and more consumers engage in the brand. So demand continues to increase. And so we won't necessarily -- in the guidance we gave, we are expecting that kind of same level of gross margin. But what we do see is with the demand that's out there right, and some of what we delivered in Q4, the consumer response to the product that Dave mentioned, just be continued to see in the marketplace around the UGG brand. And that's what's giving us confidence going forward.
Jay Sole: Got it. That makes sense. If I can follow up on that. Can you just maybe dimensionalize a little bit and help us understand how UGG is growing by telling us sort of how you think about growth of sort of the classics versus all the -- what I would call the relatively new stuff since the last few years or so. How do you see the growth rates in those two? But how is that driving the UGG brand?
Dave Powers: Yes. Classics, it is funny to ask that because it used to be all of our conversations and the majority of our business. And we've been able to just maintain that as a steady, healthy premium well-positioned part of our business, roughly around 25%, 30%, steady sell-through steady margin, good handle on inventory and flow -- where we're seeing the exciting thing -- the excitement come from is all these reimagine classics that we're talking about. So iteration of the Tasman, iterations of the Lowmel, the Ultra Mini the Ultra platform. Those styles are broad-based. They are resonating extremely well with younger consumers. They're showing up on influencers in a very powerful way. And then we have a men's business that is starting to show some signs of excitement as well in similar styles. So -- that's really where the growth is being driven from. And we have an incredible pipeline of product that evolves these styles over the next 18, 24 months that I think is just a phenomenal assortment, some of the most exciting product in the market. And then we're also innovating around hybrid slipper-sandal models with increased comfort under foot that I think are going to be really well received. So I think, Anne and the team have done a great job on editing the assortment, getting us out of styles that are met to really focusing on our UGG DNA across any styles that we do. And then a really powerful PR and social media engine to drive it all. And so this is a brand that's in a great place right now. It's very healthy. And we believe that this brand has room to grow and continue at this pace.
Jay Sole: Got, it. Thank you so much.
Dave Powers: Thanks Jay.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kernan with TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
John Kernan: Congrats on a phenomenal year. Thank you for taking my question. Stefano great to hear your voice. Just curious how you're thinking about UGG and HOKA, the international opportunity, both from a top-line perspective channel perspective? And then also how the margin profile of the business internationally can evolve? Thank you.
Stefano Caroti: Yes, of course, John. Our business currently is two-thirds US and one-third international, as you know. And the one-third of international, 50% comes from Europe, roughly 35% comes from Asia Pacific and the balance is Canada and Latin America. Clearly, we see a lot of opportunity internationally. And while we expect the US to continue to grow, long term, we would want international to grow faster. We are -- as you heard from Dave, in terms of brand awareness, we are well behind where we are in the US for Hoka and roughly 20 points behind. So we've been investing more, we've been investing faster internationally to accelerate that growth. And also in terms of distribution, we intend to selectively expand our distribution with key partners while carefully monitoring the productivity of the doors we expanded. So there's definitely a lot of upside for us internationally, both in terms of top line as well as margin.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And then, John, just -- this is Steve. On the margin question, we really -- we look at the business and clearly, what we experienced in FY'24 was extraordinary with gross margin expansion. And as you've seen in what we have guided, we don't necessarily expect all of that same benefit in FY '25. So on a comparable basis, as we look at it, continued performance of strong margins, likely moving back to a more normalized level, as we've indicated in our guidance. But generally, no significant change in margins that we're achieving as we're kind of moving into a more normalized environment.
John Kernan: Got it. Extraordinary is a good word here to use. I guess the other extra thing the DTC segment contribution margin has skyrocketed the last several years. It's -- I think it's over 900 basis higher than wholesale now. Where do you think the profitability -- is it sustainable at the high 30% level at DTC? And do you expect this continued margin mix shift to continue for the direct-to-consumer channel?
Steve Fasching: Yes. Again, we benefited in all channels with what we saw in FY '24. And so clearly, with some normalization, a bit of a setback. But again, it's still delivering even in a normalized mode exceptional levels of profitability. So the way we're seeing the profile or the framework, not significant change again as we normalize. But as Stefano indicated and Dave has indicated, we're always looking at how we can drive a higher proportion of our DTC business, which overall does have a positive accretive impact on the business. Now it doesn't happen overnight, right? And so with some of the wholesale expansion that we our forecasting in FY '25, that does take some of the growth. So the other thing that we benefited from was a bit of a step-up in our proportion of DTC business in '24 versus '23, and that's because we were running the scarcity model in wholesale. And so we were able to fuel more of that demand over into the DTC channel. That fueled some of our gross margin expansion as we open up a little bit more wholesale in FY '25, again being very strategic and thoughtful about it. That will put some pressure on the DTC growth. But as Dave said, we're still looking to move a higher proportion to DTC, but it won't necessarily be the same step function that you saw in FY '24.
John Kernan: Got it. Well, congrats on a phenomenal year, Dave, best of luck, and I'll turn it over.
Dave Powers: All right. Thank you. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Poser with Williams Trading. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser: Well, thank you for taking my question. And Let's do it, and then we can go on to the other stuff out of the way.
Erinn Kohler: Sam. So what I'll provide for you, I think you're asking about the full year -- I'll give you a full year --.
Sam Poser: For the quarter. Could you just give us Q4 just so really clear on either wholesale or DTC by brand to come back into the other part of it?
Erinn Kohler: Sure, I can give you fourth quarter. So fourth quarter fiscal '24 that we just completed. So this is going to be a global wholesale and distributor combined by brand. For UGG was about $139 million. For HOKA was about $350 million. For Teva, $46 million, Sanuk about $5 million that you get the other.
Sam Poser: Okay. Thank you. All right. Dave, congratulations, first of all, on -- as you go to the beach and the sunset leaving, lots of sand behind. And -- so let us talk about UGG. You delivered a lot of product early last year, it did exceptionally well both in the store -- both in your own DTC and at your wholesale accounts. And then most retailers and yourselves were basically sold out come Thanksgiving. So that leaves a monster upside, still potentially leaving a lot of demand on the table in December. What -- how do we think about that especially that month of December that all -- everybody was looking at the numbers going. There is no business being done, but there was no inventory in the market. So could you tell us how this mid-single digit works when it looks like you have a ton of white space and arguably one of the largest consumer -- direct-to-consumer volume months of the year?
Dave Powers: Yes. I think what we're experiencing now and you start in fourth quarter is a lot of that demand that we missed in December came to us in Q4. And so when we got back in stock in some of those styles, people still wanted them. And so they were buying them in January, February, March and still are. So I wouldn't say that we missed whatever opportunity we missed in December, it's all lost. We did fulfill some of that demand over the last three to four months. That being said yes, there's opportunity this year. We are excited about the assortment. And I also mentioned, we think we can maintain high levels of full price sales. But it is still going to be a challenging environment out there. I think, that the way we are pegging the business with the assortment, we don't have any necessarily any new price increases this year. And I think, maintaining a tight rein on wholesale and driving it to DTC, I think that's about right, the way we pegged it and the way we're looking at the business going into it now.
Steve Fasching: Yes. I think also, Sam, this is Steve. Just on that, too, the other consideration is we did expedite product in Q3, and that sold through on DTC, so through e-commerce. This year, we are going to be expanding some of the amount that wholesale is ordering. Again we'll be very careful and strategic about it. But that will put some of the pressure on the DTC growth right? And so again, going back to my earlier answer to one of the previous questions, a big piece of the revenue beat on UGG was this full price selling channel mix shift. And so you're not necessarily going to have that same benefit in FY '25 that we had in '24.
Dave Powers: Comping an 18% growth, there is no cakewalk.
Sam Poser: No, I appreciate that, but I have seen some of the fall product. It looks pretty -- you've got a few things up your sleeve there that could do a lot more than what you anticipated. Let me just ask you this, at the beginning -- you beat your -- the high end of initial revenue guidance by 8.5%. You beat your EPS go -- your initial EPS guidance by 35% would be a gross margin by 310 and you beat your EBIT margin by 300 basis -- 360 basis points based on what your initial guidance was last year. Is there -- are you guiding this year sort of relatively differently? Are you looking at the world the same way? Are you looking at it differently than you did a year ago at this time?
Steve Fasching: Yes. Sam, I think the way we are looking at it is we're not going to get the same benefits in FY '25 that we got in '24. Again so that -- the difference between the revenue change and the unit change is 1 that's really important to understand because what we benefited from in '24 was full-price selling, combined with price increases combined with running a scarcity model that drove more traffic into DTC. So we won't have the same level of benefit on price increases in FY '25 that we had in '24. We'll see what the promotional environment looks like that's always a hard one to determine, especially in the current environment, a lot of uncertainty you are hearing what some other companies are saying. So that's one that we will continue to carefully watch. We're being served well with kind of a controlled marketplace. So we'll continue to look at it. But I don't think the setup to your point, is the same. I think there were more factors that we knew we could benefit from in '24 than in '25, but again we'll manage through '25 and we'll see how it turns on.
Sam Poser: Thank you guys, very much and continued success and good luck as you walk off into the sunset.
Dave Powers: Thanks Sam. I will miss you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Janine Stichter with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Janine Stichter: Hi, good afternoon, congratulation on the really strong year. To start out a question on HOKA. You mentioned seeing awareness from non-runner everyday athletes and more casual styles. So how do you think about just further segmenting the assortment and the distribution decade to this consumer while still keeping your heritage. And then one for Steve, on SG&A. You're flipping to basically a flat SG&A rate this year after a year of deleverage. Just how to think about where you are in that reinvestment cycle. I know you've been saying a little bit of catch-up on SG&A. And if you do see upside to your revenue guide on revenues, how do you think about further reinvestment in here? Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yes. Thanks, Janine. On the consumer breadth of HOKA, it is pretty exciting, right? And one thing I can guarantee you that we will always prioritize our performance business first. And so we are – there is no doubt, we are a performance innovation-driven company. And that's going to be our priority. We'll always prioritize the specialty run accounts. We will always prioritize that -- the hard core running and trail-running consumer. But we obviously have been adopted in a pretty substantial way from a lifestyle perspective. And that's because of the performance that's built into the product. It's not just that they look good, but they feel good. And now they become something that these consumers they not only want the product, they need the product. They need the next color. They need the next version of the Bondi or the Clifton, the Arahi and now the Mach. So that will just expand over time. As we segment the line over time. I mean, as you know, we've been doing this from day one is innovation that's appropriate to the channel segmenting by channel and consumer, particularly as we get into DICK's and JD and Foot Locker and [broader doors] (ph). And there is -- I also believe there's just a generalized trend out there that running is kind of becoming the new streetwear. Those looks are adopted by more consumers now than they ever have been, and we see that continuing. And we welcome those consumers into the brand, but they will be buying performance product from us not lifestyle design product.
Steve Fasching: And then, Janine, just on the SG&A. So I think in terms of where we landed FY '24, the 34% spend to revenue and the guide equivalent for FY '25, we think that kind of the appropriate level, we'll see. It is increasing from where we have been in the past couple of years as we've made investments and continue to make investments, and I called it out in the script in terms of building talent, infrastructure, distribution. So as we are growing and continue to grow at a slightly faster pace than what we anticipated, there is still a bit of a catch-up that you're seeing. I think as we continue to look at the year, we'll manage accordingly. I think that has served us well. We haven't gotten ahead of the growth, but we're carefully monitoring to keep pace with it. And that's some of the increases that you've seen really over the last couple of years.
Janine Stichter: Great. Thanks so much. That’s really helpful and best of luck.
Steve Fasching : Thanks Janine.
Operator: Our last question for today comes from Jonathan Komp with Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Hi, thank you good afternoon. I wanted to ask about HOKA. If I could just ask a near-term question. It looks like D2C was up in the low 20s in the fourth quarter year-over-year, and you're assuming D2C outgrows for fiscal 2025. So are you assuming a little bit of a reacceleration? And if so, could you maybe talk about the drivers? And -- when you think about the product launch strategy for HOKA this year, could you just give insight to some of the shifts there. I know we haven't seen the next version of a few of your key icons or your biggest styles like Clifton and Bondi so just how should we think about the product launch cadence or cycle?
Dave Powers: Yes, I'll tackle with Steve, the DTC versus wholesale. Generally, yes, we will see a slight increase in the rate of DTC growth the way we are looking at it, and that contemplates a little bit lower wholesale, but it is not dramatic on one end or the other. But as we -- as our awareness increases, as we have more international distribution, opening select retail stores, that does drive more traffic and a healthy business to our DTC channel. We convert at a very high rate when people come to our website. And then we have just a growing repeat business from our existing customer base, and the new launch cadence, as you mentioned, brings eyeballs to the site as well. So we are -- and that's by design, we're strategically trying to grow DTC a little bit faster over time because we know that's good for us long term, good for margins, good for health of the marketplace, and that pull model is working extremely well. So you'll see this year that we've modeled it out a little bit better in DTC than wholesale, but on a regional basis, wholesale will be very strong, too.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And what I would add, John, just to that is just to be careful about kind of relying too much on a quarter performance. We are managing this for the long run. So again when you have depleted inventory in the channel, that might impact your wholesale growth in one quarter as you're refilling that. It's not necessarily indicative of the longer-term views, back to Dave's point, as we look at growth, clearly, our focus is on trying to grow DTC faster, which is kind of what we are doing and growing the proportion of that. I wouldn't rely too much just on one quarter, or a dynamic in that quarter because there are other factors that affect the short-term, but we're looking at the long-term.
Dave Powers: Yes, I think that's a really good point to keep in mind. We are not in a consistent model of new introductions of products and drops, right? It's been changing a little bit year-over-year. We're starting to formalize that a little bit more. But sometimes when you see a drop in sales, say, credit card data, you got to look at what's in the market, when do we drop things? What were we selling last year full price versus markdown? And -- that's why I think if you look at the long view of the year when we have multiple drops over the year, our innovation engine and the pipeline hits the marketplace, it's best to look at that over a 12 months to 18 months period versus three months because there's so many puts and takes from new introductions this year, last year, markdowns, et cetera. So I think Steve is spot on that point.
Stefano Caroti: Yes. And two new products, John, we have a couple of big programs hitting the market same fall and early next year. Speedgoat is our biggest trail franchise, a new Speedgoat 6 with the market in June. Skyflow is a new run specialty exclusive and DTC exclusive that it's going to hit the market in July. That's a sizable program for us. And Bondi, which is our second biggest show, we'll hit Q4 next year, an updated Bondi and the shoe looks fantastic. I'm very excited about how it's been received by our partners.
Jonathan Komp: That's great. Thanks for all the color. And Dave, best of luck. Thanks again.
Dave Powers: Thanks Jonathan, Take care, man.
Operator: This will conclude our question-and-answer session. And with that, we will conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-02-01 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Third Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to Ms. Erinn Kohler, VP, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning. Thank you. Please go ahead.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you everyone for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer; and Stefano Caroti, Chief Commercial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our current and long-term strategic objectives, anticipated impact from our brand and market placement management strategies, changes in consumer behavior, strength of our brands, demand for our products, product and channel distribution strategies including direct-to-consumer, marketing plans and strategies, disruptions to our supply chain and logistics, our anticipated revenues, brand performance, product mix, margins, expenses, inventory levels and promotional activity, the impacts of the macroeconomic environment on our operations and performance, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and our ability to achieve our financial outlook. Forward-looking statements made on today's call also include the expected timing and impact of the company's announced leadership transition and the future composition of the Board of Directors. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. On this call, management may refer to financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, including constant currency. In addition, the company reports comparable direct-to-consumer sales on a constant currency basis for operations that were open throughout the current and prior reporting periods. The company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are important indicators of its operating performance because they exclude items that are unrelated to and may not be indicative of its core operating results. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. Before we discuss our third quarter results, I'd like to speak to the leadership announcement we made today. After 11 years at Deckers, I have decided to retire as President and Chief Executive Officer, effective August 1st. I will continue to serve as a member of the company's Board of Directors. On a personal note, after 30 years in this industry, I am looking forward to spending more time with my family, pursuing my other life passions, and exploring more ways in which I can make a positive impact on the world. Serving as CEO of Deckers has been a great honor, and it's a privilege to work with some of the best talent this industry has to offer. I am incredibly proud of our accomplishments and our unique culture built on doing good and doing great. Deckers continues to demonstrate exceptional performance, and we have a strong foundation from which to continue driving results, a deep bench of talent, and innovative products that are resonating with consumers globally. I believe it's a good time for us to make this transition. We're all thrilled that the Board has selected Stefano Caroti, our Chief Commercial Officer, as Deckers' next President and CEO, following a thorough succession planning process. Many of you know him already, but for those of you who don't, Stefano has an extensive industry and experience, and he seamlessly led our omni-channel regional and HOKA brand operations during some of Deckers' most pivotal years. He is passionate about Deckers and its values, and he has been a key member of the executive team, helping to craft and progress our consumer-focused marketplace strategy and our inclusive and engaged culture. I know Deckers will be in excellent hands with Stefano at the helm. Over the next six months, Stefano and I will continue to execute on Deckers' proven strategy. We're invigorated about this next phase of our work together and for Deckers' bright future. Now let's turn our attention to our Q3 performance. I'm glad to be here today discussing another record-breaking quarter for Deckers brands as our two leading brands continued bucking industry trends to deliver high-quality growth via full-price consumer demand. Key highlights of our record-breaking third quarter results include total company revenue increasing 16% to $1.56 billion, DTC revenue increasing 23%, representing a quarterly record 55% of total company revenue, total UGG revenue increasing 15% to achieve its first-ever billion dollar quarter, total HOKA revenue increasing 22% to $429 million, total company gross margins increasing over 500 basis points to an all-time quarterly high of 58.7%, and diluted earnings per share increasing 44% to $15.11. We believe the success of our brands and company as a whole continues to be the direct result of innovative product that is on trend and resonates with consumers across the globe, decision-making that is guided by our long-term strategic objectives, alignment between product creation, marketing, and omni-channel distribution that centers around the consumer, and the strong execution of our teams to deliver in real time while remaining focused on the longer-term vision of our marquee brand. We are thrilled by the success of this quarter, but I feel it's important to reflect on how these results represent a continuation of strong year-to-date performance as well as many years of careful strategic execution. Our brands are thinking long-term, and while we are happy to produce great quarterly results, we are even more pleased to see the consistency of performance. With the first three quarters of this fiscal year behind us, we believe we are on track to deliver mid-teens revenue growth, which would be the fourth consecutive year of revenue growth in the mid-teens or higher. Highlights from the first nine months include global HOKA revenue growing 25% versus last year, led by a near 50% increase in DTC; global UGG revenue increasing 16% versus last year, led by international regions growing close to 30%, and global DTC increasing more than 20%; and total portfolio DTC revenue increasing 28% with robust growth in both consumer acquisition and retention. I am extremely proud of the collaboration across the Deckers organization to deliver these exceptional results through the first nine months of fiscal year 2024. We are creating remarkably distinct, relevant, and breakthrough product concepts that are deeply rooted in consumer insights and brand DNA. This is distinguishing our brands from the competition. Our strategic execution of brand and marketplace management, combined with our financial discipline, preserves Deckers’ position of strength as we focus on closing out fiscal year 2024 and plan for the significant opportunity in the years ahead.  Steve will provide additional color on this quarter's financial performance and our related increased outlook for the full fiscal year, but in the meantime, let's dive into third quarter brand and channel highlights. Starting with UGG. Global UGG revenue for the third quarter was $1.07 billion, representing a 15% increase versus the prior year. Revenue growth was primarily driven by global DTC, which increased 20% in the quarter to represent 62% of total brand revenue, up from 60% last year, aided by international and domestic consumer acquisition increasing 14% and 8%, respectively, and retained consumers increasing 26% and 8% across international and domestic regions, respectively. In addition to driving a significant increase to gross margin, the outsized growth from DTC helped deliver a double-digit increase in the brand's consolidated global average selling price. As in general, DTC selling resulted in a much higher ASP and a favorable gross margin relative to the wholesale channel, UGG commended extraordinarily high levels of full-price selling, and the brand benefited from select price increases on a few of its most popular styles. The cohesion of product, marketing, and consumer targeting, in addition to a reduced SKU count, drove focused energy behind key styles, which has greatly contributed to the success UGG is experiencing this year. Recognizing that there was unmet consumer demand last year and capitalizing on the continued brand momentum driven by that scarcity, the UGG team invested in additional inventory to support its most popular product. Helping fuel brand heat and further the conversation with target consumers during the third quarter, UGG spearheaded meaningful collaborations, most notably with Palace Skateboards, selling out in minutes across key cities like New York, Los Angeles, London, and Tokyo, hosted pinnacle brand experience feel houses in New York, Paris, and Seoul, and launched the first of its kind UGGextreme capsule that features fashionable performance products capable of handling winter's most brutal conditions. These top-of-the-funnel brand activations, combined with community building and social listening across digital platforms, help UGG create positive brand buzz and increase opportunities for consumer connections that offer feedback in real-time. This year's coordination between DTC operations and product marketing on social channels elevated the launches of new styles or colors and brought greater traffic and attention to the brand when hot products were being restocked. From a regional standpoint, UGG has maintained high levels of brand heat and demand almost universally across the globe to deliver strong year-to-date growth across the U.S., Europe, and Asia. Helping bolster UGG performance in the third quarter, the brand opened a couple of exciting new stores in key markets, including a Shanghai flagship, which offers one of the most contemporary visual expressions of UGG anywhere in the world, and the brand's first full-price location in Germany with a new Munich store. Both stores are performing extremely well. In Shanghai, we are seeing average transaction values that are approximately 20% above the average UGG store in China, as well as the conversion rate more than double that of the average. Though early days, the Munich store is experiencing ATVs that are 25% higher than the average European UGG store, with conversion rate well above that of the average UGG store in Germany. Similar to what we often see in markets where new stores opened, Germany's online business for UGG benefited from this additional consumer touchpoint, boasting both the highest online growth rate and highest conversion rate of any European country in the third quarter for the brand. We are pleased to see these new consumer touchpoints are helping produce positive results in key international markets, where we continue to see long-term opportunities for the UGG brand. The success UGG is now experiencing among international regions is a direct result of our thoughtful, multiyear marketplace management implementation that fostered the alignment of product creation, localized marketing content, and brand-enhancing distribution partners. With the momentum and brand heat UGG has created among international markets, we are even more excited about the global opportunities ahead. From a style perspective, UGG experienced growth and success with key franchises like the Tasman, Ultra Mini, and Classic Mini, including the fashion-oriented platform versions of each, as well as new introductions that include the Weather Hybrid Collection, Goldenstar Clog, and the Lowmel Sneaker. The Weather Hybrid Collection was positioned as a modern, weatherized update to a few of the UGG brand's most popular styles, including the Tasman, Neumel, and Classic Boot. Our PRR teams partnered with influential NBA star, Jaylen Brown, to highlight the launch, which helped this all-gender collection drive strong sell-through among all consumers. The Goldenstar Clog was somewhat of a surprise hit during the holiday season, as it was created to bolster the shoulder seasons outside of winter, complementing the rising Goldenstar Sandal. The Lowmel, which we see as the first unmistakably UGG sneaker, represented a continuation of our hybrid strategy to redefine categories through UGG DNA. We believe Tasman’s adoption of the sneaker versus previously being purchased primarily as an indoor slipper, has given UGG permission to play in the sneaker category, in which the Lowmel performed extremely well, selling out quickly across the globe. Both the Goldenstar Clog and Lowmel have been positioned for expansion into this spring and next fall, as the UGG brand continues to build connections with consumers through a cohesive, year-round, product assortment. Through the first nine months of this fiscal year, UGG has delivered undeniably impressive results. The brand has driven exceptional growth in focus areas, including international regions and global DTC, and has done so by acquiring and retaining target consumers with full priced products. I’d like to congratulate and thank the entire UGG team for their hard work and collaboration that enabled the brand’s success in the third quarter and fiscal year-to-date. Shifting to HOKA, global HOKA revenue in the third quarter was $429 million, representing a 22% increase versus the prior year. HOKA has continued to deliver consistent year-over-year growth and volume each quarter this year, reflecting the brand’s balanced seasonality in year-round demand. Similar to what HOKA experienced in the first half, third quarter growth was primarily driven by gains in the DTC channel as intended, with HOKA diligently managing the wholesale marketplace to drive market share gains with high levels of full price sell through. More specifically on DTC performance, HOKA revenue in the channel increased 38% in Q3, representing over 40% of total brand revenue, which is 5 percentage points higher than last year. DTC growth has been driven by significant increases in consumer acquisition, with international and domestic experience growth of 50% and 27% respectively, and important gains in retained consumers, which increased 55% internationally and 33% in the U.S. The HOKA brand’s DTC business has been strong in every single region this year, but has been particularly powerful in Europe and China, two regions where we have been emphasizing growth in the channel as brand awareness grows. Both regions have benefited from a greater retail presence. In Europe, HOKA opens its first retail location in Covent Garden, London, during the third quarter, which is performing exceptionally well, and the brand has a location planned to open in Paris in time for the Olympics. In China, HOKA has added four new company-owned locations throughout this year, in which the consumer experience has continued to improve, particularly with a greater focus on key stories and a new capsule collection of apparel that rounded out a compelling in-store product assortment. Complimenting the added stores in China, we continue to see our premiumization efforts online paying off, as HOKA has achieved high levels of full price sell through online, which is the channel that China generally uses for promotion activity. One example of this during the third quarter was China’s annual Double 11 event, better known as Singles Day, which is a countrywide event that features widespread discounts across brands and product categories known for driving significant consumer traffic online. This year, HOKA benefited from the online traffic despite low levels of promotion and maintains strong full price selling, particularly in comparison to competitive brands. We are very encouraged by the increasing adoption of HOKA across international markets, particularly in the DTC channel, where we have been focusing our growth efforts while managing the wholesale environment to maintain high levels of full price sell through. We believe HOKA is still in the early stages of expansion internationally, as we continue to build brand awareness in key markets to establish HOKA as a major worldwide player in the performance space. Over in the U.S., where we also see a significant opportunity for growth, I want to take a moment to highlight an amazing event that HOKA had a huge impact on during the third quarter. HOKA was a presenting sponsor of the 44th Annual Foot Locker Cross Country National Championships, outfitting thousands of elite high school athletes with complementary footwear and apparel. This event was the center of the U.S. running world and media for three days, driving significant impressions and some of the highest brand engagement we have ever seen for HOKA. On the product front, HOKA continues to develop and refine a compelling assortment of performance products that enable athletes of all kinds to achieve their goals. This morning, HOKA announced the introduction of the all new Cielo X1 that sits atop the brand’s assortment as the ultimate race day shoe for the most discerning athletes. The Cielo X1 was designed with insights and feedback from the HOKA brand’s roster of elite athletes, incorporating the most advanced geometry, foam compounds, and plate technologies to enable record setting results. Before it was even commercially available, the Cielo X1 has already made its podium debut as HOKA NAZ Elite member Kellyn Taylor won the Rock ‘n’ Roll San Jose Half Marathon wearing the Cielo X1, qualifying her for the 2024 Olympics Marathon Trials for Team USA. Beyond the brand’s pinnacle performance product, HOKA is also experiencing success with exciting lifestyle-oriented products. These products feature the same quality and comfort expected from a performance HOKA shoe, but are packaged in an everyday wear aesthetic for more versatile wearing occasions. The HOKA transport has become the brand’s go-to casual shoe, now sitting within the brand’s top 10 best sellers. The HOKA brand’s captivating collaborations are also furthering its resonance with the lifestyle consumer. They are designed to reach a new audience by partnering with logical yet unexpected brands. Most recently, HOKA partnered with Satisfy Running, a French running apparel brand, to co-create an exciting new take on the Clifton LS, which sold out almost instantly. Highlighting the partnerships theme of highs and lows, Satisfy created a one-of-a-kind community experience that brought together the skateboard, trail, and running communities to join in a sprint down the steep hills of San Francisco. As we continue building HOKA for the long-term, our focus is to remain a top brand in road running, expanding with innovative performance footwear, become a dominant off-road player with disruptive trail and hike products, and bring the HOKA experience to the lifestyle consumer while keeping the brand rooted in performance. While we are at different stages of this journey across domestic and international markets, we see significant global opportunities ahead with this powerful brand. We are proud of the consistent momentum HOKA is achieving around the world. Our efforts to build brand awareness and drive high full price sell-through continue to bear fruit and have set the stage for a strong finish to the year with another record quarter. Now moving to our discussion of consolidated channel performance. During the third quarter, performance remained strong across both DTC and wholesale. However, in line with our strategic objectives, DTC remained the fastest growing channel, increasing 23% versus last year to represent a record 55% of the quarter’s revenue, up from 52% in the prior year. DTC success continues to be broad-based across brands with HOKA and UGG DTC increasing 38% and 20% respectively, regions with international and domestic DTC increasing 40% and 16% respectively, and consumers with acquired and retained increasing 13% and 16% respectively across all brands. In addition, as discussed, we are also experiencing strong engagement with our brands both online and in store, reflecting the quality of our omni-channel operations and ability to provide a consistent consumer experience. Furthering the success of DTC, we continue to see a double-digit increase in the average selling price through the third quarter, driven by a greater mix of HOKA which carries the highest ASP in the portfolio, higher UGG full price selling, including benefits from select price increases and favorable foreign currency exchange rates. With respect to consolidated wholesale performance, third quarter revenue increased 9% versus last year with domestic HOKA and UGG contributing the majority of the incremental dollar volume. We are very pleased with this strong wholesale result, especially considering the tight marketplace management we have been focused on executing during this fiscal year. As a result of these efforts, our brands drove high levels of full price sell through, entering calendar 2024 with lean channel inventories that have created opportunities for market share gains going forward. Thanks, everyone, and now I’ll hand the call over to Steve to provide more specifics on third quarter performance and an update to our fiscal year 2024 guidance.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Our third quarter performance exceeded expectations and demonstrated the continued strength of our brands. As Dave mentioned, UGG delivered strong growth in the quarter as exceptional brand heat continued to capture consumers globally and we were able to meet incremental demand through our DTC channel in the quarter with expedited shipments of the brand’s most popular styles. HOKA drove another quarter of solid growth led by the DTC channel as we continued to diligently manage the wholesale marketplace, all while driving high levels of full price sell through. These results are a testament to the exceptional demand for our brands as our compelling and innovative product offerings continue to resonate with consumers globally during the holiday season and well beyond, helping drive phenomenal performance. Our disciplined operating approach and robust financial profile have continued to enable our brands and company to execute a strategy that delivers strong results while keeping us positioned to achieve our commitment to driving success over the long-term. Now, let’s get to the specifics of the third quarter financial performance. Third quarter fiscal 2024 revenue was $1.56 billion, representing an increase of 16% versus prior year. On a constant currency basis, revenue grew 15% versus last year. Growth in the quarter was primarily driven by broad-based UGG growth across regions and channels delivering $1.07 billion of revenue, with global DTC increasing 20% as brand heat remains robust with all DTC regions exhibiting a double-digit percentage growth in the period and continued strong demand across the HOKA ecosystem of access points with particular strength in the DTC channel, which increased 38% versus last year, contributing to the brand’s total revenue of $429 million in the quarter. Notably, HOKA’s DTC performance for the quarter was aided by global increases in consumer acquisition, which was up 31% versus last year, and consumer retention, which was up 35% versus last year. Additionally, I would note that this quarter’s revenue growth was aided by a higher percentage of full price selling as well as the UGG brand select price increases, both of which contributed to dollar growth outpacing unit growth. While we will always manage our brands with the intent to deliver high levels of full price selling, the level we experienced this year, particularly for UGG in its peak season is one we don’t expect will always repeat. This dynamic combined with a larger than expected impact from price increases due to the strength of performance from affected styles is part of the catalyst for our increased full year expectations for UGG growth. Gross margins for the quarter was 58.7%, which was up 580 basis points from last year’s 53%. As compared to last year, gross margin in the quarter benefited from higher mix of UGG full price selling, freight savings, select pricing action and favorable brand and product mix, favorable channel mix with DTC continuing to grow faster than wholesale and favorable foreign currency exchange rates. While we are exceptionally proud of these remarkable results, we remain mindful that the outsized margin expansion seen this quarter is above normalized levels and is not something we anticipate will repeat to the same degree. While we do see opportunities to continue to deliver top tier profitability through our key strategies, items that we anticipate may not repeat in a normalized environment include the extremely low levels of promotional activity achieved for our two major brands, considerable benefits from UGG pricing actions and very low freight costs that are now on the rise, as well as other potential macroeconomic factors such as foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations. SG&A dollar spend in the third quarter was $429 million, up 23% versus last year’s $350 million. As a percent of revenue, SG&A was 150 basis points higher than last year, primarily due to investment in talent to support key functions within our growing organization and higher marketing spend. Our tax rate was 21.9%, which is lower than last year’s 23.7%. These results, combined with favorable interest income relative to last year and a lower share count, drove record diluted earnings per share of $15.11, which compares to last year’s $10.48 diluted earnings per share representing EPS growth of 44%. Turning to our balance sheet. At December 31, 2023, we ended this fiscal third quarter with $1.65 billion of cash and equivalents. Inventory was $539 million, down 25% versus the same point in time last year, and during the period, we had no outstanding borrowings. On inventory, specifically, I’d note that with the strong levels of selling that we have seen this year, we are now below normal operating levels for the current size of our organization. And heading into next year, we expect to see incremental inventory investment to keep up with growth. Today's inventory position reflects the upside that has already been captured in the quarter just completed, which could have a small impact on sales in the fourth quarter. During the third quarter, we repurchased approximately $100 million worth of shares at an average price of $507.95. As of December 31, 2023, the company had approximately $1.05 billion remaining authorized for share repurchase. Now moving into our updated guidance for fiscal year 2024. Based on the strong demand experienced in the third quarter, we are increasing our full year revenue guidance to be approximately $4.15 billion, up from our previous guidance of approximately $4.025 billion. This increase now equates to full year growth expectations of approximately 14% versus last year. From a brand perspective, we now expect UGG revenue growth of low double digits up from our prior expectation of mid-single digits. This full year increase is the result of the strong DTC demand that we experienced and fulfilled in the third quarter. Full year HOKA revenue growth of approximately 25%, with strong third quarter sell-through driving wholesale refill upside in the fourth quarter, reflecting our disciplined marketplace management. In addition to our fiscal year 2024 updated revenue outlook, gross margin is now expected to be approximately 54.5%. As UGG experienced high levels of full price selling, including Key Styles contributing incremental margin from price increases as brand heat continued to drive strong demand. SG&A as a percentage of sales is now expected to be approximately 34.5% as we have identified areas to accelerate spend in Q4 with revenue growth exceeding expectations for fiscal year 2024. We believe this additional spend, part of which represents top-of-funnel marketing opportunities, gives our brands the opportunity to defend their current positions of strength, setting the foundation for the future. Additionally, I would note that some of the third and fourth quarter spending timing dynamics related to unrealized FX gains recorded in Q3 that we expect will be offset in Q4 as rates have recently moved in the opposite direction. With these updates, we are increasing our operating margin for the year and now expect it to be approximately 20%, reflecting the improvement in gross margin experienced. Our effective tax rate is now projected to be approximately 22%. And finally, with these updates, we are increasing our diluted earnings per share expectations to now be in the range of $26.25 to $26.50. Please note, this guidance excludes any charges that may be considered onetime in nature and does not contemplate any impact from additional share repurchases. Additionally, our guidance assumes no meaningful deterioration of current risks and uncertainties, which include, but are not limited to, changes in consumer confidence and recessionary pressures, inflationary pressures, geopolitical tensions, supply chain disruptions and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rate. This guidance update represents a $3.25 increase on the prior top end of our diluted earnings per share guidance range. Based on the success that we've seen this year with strong sell-through and high levels of full price selling, there are a few business dynamics related to the fourth quarter that we would like to highlight, including U.S. wholesale shipments that went out at the tail end of the third quarter of this year that have historically occurred in the fourth quarter. Meaningful revenue from UGG closeouts last year that will not repeat this year and low levels of inventory on Key Styles that have been driving the business this fiscal year. We, of course, still expect to deliver a strong fourth quarter that is now projected to round out Deckers fourth consecutive year of at least mid-teens top line revenue growth, while also consistently delivering exceptional high levels of operating profitability. We would note that some of the benefit to our operating profitability we're seeing are outsized and may not repeat in future years, but we remain dedicated to delivering operating profitability in the top tier among our peer group even as we continue to invest in our organization to enable future growth. As we've said in the past, if revenue growth comes faster than our ability to keep pace with investments, some of the related profit expansion may flow through to the bottom line near term. However, we continue to recognize the importance of funding our strategic initiatives moving into next year and maintain a focus on the long-term vision for our brands. We will continue to be disciplined in our approach as we enter our final fiscal quarter and begin planning for next fiscal year. Our largest brands are two of the healthiest and most in demand in our industry. With a robust balance sheet and our diligent operating approach, we are well positioned to drive future success and look forward to providing more details on our year-end call. Thanks, everyone. And now I'll hand the call back to Dave for his final remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Steve. We are extremely proud of our brand's year-to-date performance, which have produced record revenue and earnings results. As we look beyond fiscal year 2024, I believe we have an incredibly strong innovation pipeline for the UGG and HOKA brands, giving us further confidence in our ability to build upon this year's exceptional growth. Thinking into the next few years, we believe HOKA remains our primary growth vehicle with considerable opportunity for both region and category expansion as awareness of the brand's innovative performance product increases further, and continue to position UGG for growth through the development of category hybrids that celebrate heritage brand codes to resonate with target consumers across global markets. Deckers strategic focus on marketplace management, omnichannel strategy and flexible operating model continues to be the driving force behind our sustained success. We remain focused on executing against our long-term objectives while continuing to deliver high levels of profitability and driving shareholder value. Additionally, I'd like to recognize and thank all of our employees across the organization for their consistent and dedicated focus to driving results aligned with our long-term strategic vision. Our employees continue to go above and beyond while upholding Deckers values. Before we turn to Q&A, I want to give Stefano a moment to say a few words. Stefano?
Stefano Caroti: Dave, thank you for the kind introduction, and good afternoon, everyone. It is a privilege to have been named Deckers next CEO. During my tenure here, I have had the chance to grow with Deckers, as we've made significant strides building beautiful and innovative brands that resonate with consumers around the world. I understand and appreciate the immense effort it has taken to get us where we are today. And I'm passionate about our people, our organization and the continuation of our collective success. I believe Deckers is well positioned to continue cutting through a highly competitive marketplace and take advantage of the many opportunities ahead with the support of our dedicated management team and all the good people at Deckers. Over the next six months, I look forward to working with Dave, who has become a great mentor, colleague and friend to continue executing on our strategy and ensure a smooth transition. Thanks, Dave. Back to you.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Stefano, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. We look forward to sharing more next quarter as we continue to build towards Deckers exciting future. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Tom Nikic from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Tom Nikic: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question and Dave, congratulations on a great run and Stefano looking forward to working with you. So look, on HOKA, so it kind of sounds like you're embedding a little bit of a reacceleration, I guess, specifically in the wholesale channel in the fourth quarter. Is that just inventory levels being really lean? Is it sell-in of the new products? Is it door expansion with Decks and Foot Locker, if I could just kind of unpack how to think about the drivers of HOKA wholesale that would be greatly appreciated?
Dave Powers: Yes, very happy to answer that question. And first of all, I apologize, my voice is a little rough, I'm fighting a cold at the moment. But yes, HOKA we had a great quarter for HOKA Q3, as you're hoping the results right on plan, right on strategy. And the teams continue to execute at a level globally. And Q4, it's a combination of things. There's a lot of refill orders that will be going into wholesale fulfilling that demand and getting back in stock as we head into spring. And then as we mentioned before, we have some really exciting new product launches that are coming out in Q4 as well as planned. So continue to be very strong momentum executing on the strategy. Q4 is looking solid for us. No new doors at the end of the year, no net new doors. We'll continue to evaluate that based on how the market performs and how HOKA sells through. And we're very pleased and optimistic about this quarter ahead.
Tom Nikic: Sounds good. And just if I could follow up also just one on UGG. Obviously, you've had a couple of great holiday seasons in a row. What do you do for non-core next year?
Dave Powers: Yes. Well, it's a good question, right? I mean, our history has been a little bit volatile. But listen, I think this is a new era for UGG. We have an incredible new leadership team. The innovation pipeline is resonating incredibly well with our global consumers. We're expanding categories beyond our core icon styles and the momentum is real. This is the most exciting quarter I've ever seen for UGG with regard to global brand heat, global sell-through every region, every channel is performing well with the UGG brand right now. And we were light on inventory. We have an incredible quarter of growth, but there's still opportunity. And we're going into this coming fall with a position of real strength with healthy inventory levels, clean marketplace. We had some price increases that didn't slow us down. And we still think there's a lot of demand out there to be had. Across the women's, especially a lot of the icons that we were successful in this year. But with some new introductions like the Lowmel, the Weather Hybrids in men's, we think there's a lot of upside still for this brand. And we're going to stay the course and manage this marketplace incredibly tight as we have been and prioritize DTC and that formula continues to pay off major dividends for us.
Steve Fasching: Yes, Tom. And just to add to that, this is Steve. I think the – as we look at the success that we had in Q3, this is where our marketplace management works.
Tom Nikic: Exactly.
Steve Fasching: We are containing that wholesale channel. We're lowing some of the demand over to our DTC channel. And this is really where you're seeing the power of that work. You see it with the gross margin expansion. And so that's a model that we're going to continue to reinforce next year. And we know we're leaving demand on the table and that's by design. So we continue to build D-to-C brands by controlling that marketplace distribution, lowing some of that excess over into D-to-C, and leaving some demand on the table. Yes.
Tom Nikic: Sounds good. Thanks very much. And Dave, best of luck in your future endeavors.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Tom. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Laurent Vasilescu from BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good afternoon. Thank you very much for taking my question. And Dave, I wanted to wish you the best for your future endeavors. You will be missed by many. And Stefano, it's great to have you on the call.
Stefano Caroti: Thanks, Laurent.
Laurent Vasilescu: I wanted to just follow up. I wanted to follow up, Dave, on some of the – there are some targets out there long-term. There's that $5 billion to $6 billion target, 50% DTC mix. Is there anything that changes over the long-term on these targets that you maybe want to update? And then could you maybe also provide – Steve, I think you maybe kind of alluded to, sometimes you'll over earn that 20% EBIT margin for fiscal year 2024. Is there a raise, like resting heart rate [ph] for EBIT margin for this business long term?
Dave Powers: Yes, Laurent. Good question. So with regards to long-term strategy, I think, it's important to stress, it’s particularly with [indiscernible] coming up, that we are still focused on what we've talked about before. So, Stefano and I are sitting here saying, hey, there is a major change that needs to happen. It's more about continuing the momentum that, quite frankly, Stefano and his team have helped create. So the targets that we spoke about before, those are ranges that we've talked about. We think there's potential to get there. It's not a hard target. But the strategy is in place. We have – we have that – the way we're managing the marketplace and the way they're presenting these brands in the market to our consumers, where we're connecting with our consumers just gives us more confidence, especially coming out of a quarter like this, that those targets are achievable. And I think this – the quarterly results represented great examples of how we're migrating closer to DTC and more business through DTC and then building more heat for these brands over time. So as we get more consumers into the fold, that will continue, and we remain incredibly excited about the opportunity for HOKA, but also for UGG at the same time. So stay the course, lots to get after still, particularly with the strength of the international markets coming on now, and we're confident we can get there.
Stefano Caroti: Yes, then, Laurent, kind of on the operating margin, and we've talked about this before on prior calls. The way we look at the business is kind of a high teen margin business. And as I've said in the past is when we have an opportunity, when the business runs so well and delivers margins above that like we've seen in Q3, we will let some of that margin run through. We're not out just to spend money for the sake of spending money. We carefully watch where we're placing our investments. And when we see the opportunities to invest, we will take that. And that's the way we approach kind of every year. In a given year where we're seeing such strong full price selling, like we did this year where our brands and product are in such demand, it's a perfect case where we can flow through some of that. You've seen that in prior years, but at the same time, as we've indicated in our full year outlook, where we've raised it, we're also looking at where we can continue to invest in our brands because we know the competition is stepping up as well. So this provides us an opportunity that when we are performing well, we'll pass through some of that. But at the same time, we're looking at the long-term health of the business and we'll make the right investments to continue to drive this business forward in the long run. So that's our approach. That's not going to change. It's working for us and you can kind of see how that's driving these types of results.
Laurent Vasilescu: Very clear. And as a follow-up question on the UGG business, Steve, I think you alluded to some timing shifts between 3Q and 4Q. Maybe for the audience, could you quantify that number? And then going back to Tom's question about next year's encore, Dave, Steve, Stefano, we are getting that question from investors like, oh, just 50% UGG growth for this year – for this quarter. It's just – it's going to be that much harder. I know you're not prepared to guide for next year, but any indication on the order book for next fall would be very helpful. Thank you very much.
Steve Fasching: Yes, so I'll start, Laurent. In terms of some of the shifts, what I mentioned in the prepared remarks is, yes, we are seeing where some of the over performance of Q3, because again, as you know, we haven't guided orders, where we did see some earlier wholesale deliveries in Q3. That's slightly impacting our Q4. In terms of our full year, we have raised our full year and that's really a reflection of the strength that we've seen in Q3. Because we haven't given quarterly guidance, I know everybody's models may be a little bit different. And so it's hard to say specifically kind of how you're looking at it. The way we've looked at it is some of the business that we thought may happen in Q4 did come at us in Q3 as the sell-through was very strong. And so we took advantage of that, and we were able to kind of shift some of that price. Generally speaking, what you're seeing is the business has performed better than what we expected. We have flowed that through on our full year lift, and we're seeing Q4 kind of as we've seen it with a little bit of timing issues [ph]. But overall, I think, the takeaway is incredible performance in Q3. We've flowed that through, we've lifted our full year, business is incredibly strong, and the demand for our brands is there.
Dave Powers: Yeah, and with regards to UGG coming up into fall of 2024, we're confident. We see UGG now as a growth brand within the portfolio. Will it be double-digit, 15%, like we just experienced? We won't be planning for that, but we still think there is growth to be added. I think it's important to remind folks that UGG is in a very different position than it has been in the past. And I talked about this in the last call. We used to sell primarily Classics, Classic Short, Classic Tall, different colors, iterations, and a few slippers to go with that, and the distribution was pretty similar across the marketplace. UGG is much more diversified now, we're selling boots, we're selling slippers, we're selling new hybrid innovations, and we're starting to sell our version of sneakers. And it's a younger consumer. It's a more diverse consumer. We have segmentation in the marketplace globally. We have a lot of untapped potential in the international markets, and we're going to continue to play this through with the strength of our product innovation pipeline and the strength of our marketing teams to continue to drive this as a growth brand for years to come.
Laurent Vasilescu: Super helpful. Thank you very much for all the color. And best of luck, Dave. 
Dave Powers: All right. Thanks, buddy.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Jay Sole from UBS. Please go ahead.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much, Dave. I wanted to follow-up on some of those comments you made about UGG, how much more diversified the product line is today. Can you give us a sense of, in the third quarter, what percentage of the business was boots, kind of the Classic too and sort of the derivatives of that versus sort of the newer stuff, Neumel and some of your versions of sneakers and some things that's really kind of different over the last couple of years? And if you could sort of compare that to where that was a couple of years ago, that'd be helpful.
Dave Powers: Yes, I don't have the exact specifics on that, but I will say the core Classics are really just a maintained business at this point, so it's not like we're purposely trying to shrink those. Those are still healthy. We are just managing that category and that product better in the marketplace. But the growth is coming from some of the newness, the Taz, the platform style, the Ultra Mini, and then, like I said, some of the sneaker versions and the hybrid winter programs. And as you notice, we launched UGGextreme, which is our first serious foray into more performance products. So this is a brand that has really broad shoulders. I have always said that. And I think now we're seeing, once we get the right design DNA into these categories that are really innovative and distinct, there's really nothing like this product in the marketplace. We have a lot of runway and so we're going to continue to innovate, continue to attack these categories with a focused assortment of UGG DNA products and connect with our consumers in a segmented way. And I think there is still a tremendous upside there. So lots to be confident with the UGG brand. I think this is an indication of the new leadership that Anne has brought to the team and the discipline in the marketplace, as well as our innovation pipeline. And we're optimistic this is going to continue at a healthy pace going forward.
Jay Sole: Got it, understood. I'll try to ask one a different way, hopefully this is okay, but it's just so fascinating what you've accomplished with UGG. Can you maybe just tell us, if we just think about the business where it was five years ago, mainly boots, what was the total addressable market for that category? And sort of how would you size the total addressable market for UGG today, given the sneakers that you're doing and all the different categories that have emerged?
Dave Powers: I'll let Steve answer that real quick.
Steve Fasching: Yes Jay, it's a good question. Clearly the addressable market, it has grown from where we were five years ago. I think another way to look at it, and I know what you're trying to kind of get at is what's the future growth opportunities for UGG? I think what we've seen, especially in this last year, is how UGG is being adopted for different use cases than it was five years ago. And so that total addressable market continues to increase as we are seeing greater adoption around our product. And so to Dave's point about what we're excited about, what we saw in Q3, is we're seeing heritage products resonate with consumers, but iterations of that, where we've created newness in categories that consumers are adopting. And so we've also talked about some of the demographic reach, and we're seeing a younger demographic come into the brand with a strong excitement. You've really seen that come through in Q3. It's what's driving some of that DTC performance. And then we're seeing it grow internationally. So as you recall, five years ago, we talked about how we were going to deliver the progress in North America and then export that success to the international market. And now what you're seeing is those international markets growing at a faster rate, albeit smaller dollars, but at a faster rate on percentage terms than we're seeing domestic. And that shows you how the consumer is embracing the UGG brand across the globe in different use cases. And through the last couple of years, what we've learned is through some of this casualization, the adoption of UGG for different use cases. And we're continuing to see that demand grow, and that's what gives us excitement about where we can go with this brand.
Dave Powers: Yes, and the last thing I would say, if you think about this brand five years ago, it was a boot brand. And we've had that stigma attached to UGG brand for quite some time. And I think that those days are in the past. We have products that is resonating in different categories that we've never had before. And I'm really excited about the Lowmel, that it’s our version of a sneaker. And I think that’s going to be a best seller for years to come and start potentially taking share from some of the sneaker brands out there.
Jay Sole: Got it. All right. That’s fascinating. Thank you so much. Really appreciate it.
Dave Powers: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Janine Stichter from BTIG. Please go ahead.
Janine Stichter: Hi, congrats on the results. And Dave, wish you all the best as well.
Dave Powers: Thank you so much.
Janine Stichter: I wanted to get to pricing a little bit. Yes. And UGG, could you elaborate on the price increase there? How big was it? When did you take it? And maybe how broad was it in terms of the styles? And then curious about any future opportunities for price increases. And I guess the same question for HOKA. I think you’ve talked about being pretty happy where the pricing is there. But do you see any opportunities just as some of your peers potentially look at taking that price? Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yes. Thanks, Janine, and great question. We are and we have been and will do continue to look at prices strategically. And so some of the decisions we made this year were really just on a handful of styles in UGG. But in really, some of our bestsellers who are proved to be our bestsellers. So that’s why you saw the exponential impact of revenue on some of those styles as they perform so well at full price in the added $5 or $10 made a big difference on a lot of units. Going forward, we’ll continue to evaluate it. We don’t see massive price increase in broad base this fall. We’re still evaluating that, but it’ll be selected by market and style if we do that. And then the same approach for HOKA, we’re comfortable with prices are right now we think we are providing incredible value for the dollar. There’s opportunities to raise prices a little bit here and there as we continue to roll out more innovation. But pricing – growth through pricing is not a strategy of ours, it’s pricing the appropriate the product in the market for the consumer, and that’ll drive our decision.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And Janine, just to add a little bit on that, as Dave said, it was not across the Board. It was very surgical in terms of units that we identified had the potential to absorb a price increase without much consumer resistance to it. And that was significant. And so it was not a lot of styles, it was on styles that we knew would do well. And so it was surgical in the sense of, those high performing styles, and it drove a big portion. So just in terms of quantified a little bit, in the quarter, our gross margin from last year was at 580 basis points. I think the other thing that was a big contributor along with price increases, we didn’t get promotional. This was a full, strong, price, sell-through quarter for us. So of that 580 basis points, about 340 of it came from not being promotional, and the price increases that we experienced in the quarter. So a big dry growth quarter [ph]. And as Dave said, we’re not looking to decrease in this to kind of continue to drive that. We’re going to be very careful about how we place price increases and how we contemplate it. But this year was one year that we benefited from it that we will not necessarily see in future periods.
Janine Stichter: Got it. That’s helpful color. And just in terms of the gross margin, it’s fair to assume that there might be some more promotions in the future as that kind of normalizes the pricing for you to stick. So at least a portion of the 580 basis points remains structural.
Dave Powers: Yes. Yes.
Steve Fasching: Yes.
Janine Stichter: Perfect. Thanks so much and best of luck.
Dave Powers: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your next question comes from the line of Sam Poser from Williams Trading. Please proceed.
Sam Poser: Well, thank you for taking my questions. So Erinn, we already have UGG and HOKA. So could you give me Teva, Sanuk and the other or my favorite question and then I have other questions because I wish you just give all of it.
Erinn Kohler: Sure, Sam. So real quick for the third quarter total wholesale and distributor for UGG as you mentioned, you can count is $403 million, HOKA $252 million, Teva $20 million, Sanuk $2 million and then other largely Koolaburra $24.5 million.
Sam Poser: Thank you. Okay. Based on what we’ve seen so far in January, it looks as if – well, first of all, Dave, congratulations. Totally awesome for it. We’re very – I’m very happy for you and I hope to get to see you before you sail out into the sunset off the beach of Belita.
Dave Powers: Thank you, Sam. I appreciate that.
Sam Poser: The – we’re seeing a lot of sales in your own retail stores around New York like the there – I’m hearing that like retailers are getting – your wholesale accounts are getting small hits. But are you gearing a lot of what’s going on in the fourth quarter for UGG to really more so than usual like just pushing it to your DTC given that a lot of those orders are – people are just trying to get whatever they can, so you’re going to feed yourself a lot more?
Dave Powers: I wouldn’t say that we’re forcing more inventory purposely away from wholesale into DTC. What I would say is I think the teams have gotten better at allocating the right amount of inventory for our stores, so that we’re not missing sales when the customer comes in. And we’ve been guilty of that in the last few years, not having protected some of the inventory in this kind of demand. Some of that inventory can get sucked up by DTC or wholesale fill-ins, so we’re protecting it better than we have for our stores and just making sure that we’re balancing out across wholesale and retail and e-commerce as best we can for the consumer and how they like to shop. Just so happens, though, when you have this kind of brand heat momentum, if there are wholesale partners that are running low on inventory, they’re going to go to our stores to find it and our websites to find it. And this is an indication of what happened, but it’s also a strong indication of how well our pull model is working. And we have a pull model like that, it does help generally benefit your DTC business a little bit more.
Sam Poser: Thanks. And then lastly, you sort of hinted that was a new thing coming from Deckers X Labs. I heard that it might be the reentry – and I’ve heard from some retailers they’ve seen some of the product for fall. And I heard it might be under the Anuk Reborn.Could you give us some color as to what may be going on over there?
Dave Powers: Yes. Well, I will say, it’s exciting for us. We established this Deckers Lab innovation engine a few years ago with the help of Jean-Luc, who is one of the co-founders of HOKA. And that has been quietly building as a force for our pipeline for all of our brands. So some of the innovation you’re seeing in UGG and HOKA, and we’ll soon see some of that in Teva as well, has come from that. And one of the things we uncover is there’s an opportunity for a new kind of sneaker brand. So we would put this under the category of super sneaker brand. It’s pretty exciting. It’s more sophisticated in styling, it’s made for really all day wear, but it comes with a lot of the technologies that you would find in a performance running brand. So carbon plates, different foams, different more modern materials and cleaner lines, a little bit elevated price point above 200. And obviously, it’s early days. We’re excited to launch this into the market. I’ll let you know the name as soon as I’m allowed to, but stay tuned in the next few weeks, you’ll hear about the soft launch and then we’ll head into March and April in a more robust way and build from there.
Sam Poser: Thanks very much. Congratulations, again.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And your last question comes on the line of Jonathan Komp from Baird. Please proceed.
Jonathan Komp: Yes, hi, thanks. Good afternoon. One more question on UGG. In a different forum, Dave, I think you recently highlighted long-term potential for UGG to still double revenue, potentially without a time frame attached. So, Dave or Stefano, could you maybe share any more insights, how you think about those comments in relation to the long-term opportunity for UGG? And then just separately on HOKA, can you share any retailer feedback on the new styles, thinking about the Cielo X, the Skyward X, the Skyflow, just what are you hearing, especially on some of the premium product you plan to bring out? And any thoughts on sustaining leadership or still growing and core run specialty while you eventually, thoughtfully expand distribution?
Dave Powers: Yes. I’m going to let Stefano answer the HOKA question, then I’ll come back to the first question.
Stefano Caroti: Yes. On the Cielo X launch, we launched today, literally. So it’s a bit early to say how well it’s doing [indiscernible] results, they’re quite encouraging. But it’s early days.
Dave Powers: Yes. And then regarding the UGG brand, I actually don’t remember saying doubling the business at some point, but that’s okay. I would say, listen, we still think this is – we see this more than ever as a growth brand. And we think that a healthy growth rate for this brand is mid-single-digits. And that’s in line with managing our marketplace and growing effectively in a smart way. Does the brand have potential to be doubled at some point? Hey, I think if we optimize potential in men’s and we start to build our apparel engine a little bit more, anything’s possible. But right now we’re taking this one year at a time and really strategically and methodically building it in line with our marketplace strategy.
Jonathan Komp: Okay, thanks for that. Just one more, if I could sneak it in for Steve. Any comments on what bonus or incentive accruals look like in 2024, given the strong performance and just how to think about that potentially year-over-year in a more normal year for 2025? Thanks.
Steve Fasching: Yes. So good question. So clearly, with the performance that we’ve got going on in FY2024, we are accruing for an increase in performance related compensation. That resets back to approved budget levels. So on percentage terms, we’re not quantifying dollars, but on percentage terms, clearly the expectations a couple of months left, but given everything we’ve seen so far, very strong performance. So there is an increase in performance related compensation in FY2024 and then we reset that for FY2025.
Jonathan Komp: Okay. Thank you all, again.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Jon.
Steve Fasching: All right. Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s call. Thank you for participating. You may all disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2023-10-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Second Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you everyone for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our current and long-term strategic objectives, changes in consumer behavior, strength of our brands, demand for our products, product distribution strategies, marketing plans and strategies, disruptions to our supply chain and logistics, our anticipated revenues, brand performance, product mix, margins, expenses, inventory levels and promotional activity, and the impacts of the macroeconomic environment on our operations and performance, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. On this call, management may refer to financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, including constant currency. In addition, the company reports comparable direct-to-consumer sales on a constant currency basis for operations that were open throughout the current and prior reporting periods. The company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are important indicators of its operating performance because they exclude items that are unrelated to and may not be indicative of its core operating results. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everybody, and thank you for joining today's call. It's great to be here with you today to discuss our exceptional second quarter, where our two marquee brands experienced high levels of full-price consumer demand, leading to revenue increasing 25% versus last year, eclipsing $1 billion for the first time in our September-ending quarter, gross margin improving 520 basis points versus last year and diluted earnings per share increasing nearly 80% versus last year to $6.82. Our direct-to-consumer business was the fastest-growing component of revenue growth in the second quarter, increasing nearly 40% versus last year, with HOKA growing 46% and UGG increasing 38% as both brands experienced a greater than 30% global increase in consumer acquisition. Our global wholesale business also put up strong revenue growth in the second quarter, increasing 19% versus last year, again driven by our two largest brands, UGG and HOKA. Our wholesale accounts also continue to see incredible heat and momentum for our key styles across both brands. With this strong consumer demand, selling for wholesale in the quarter included some accelerated fall seasonal shipments, benefiting our first-half results, and increasing our confidence to achieve our outlook for the fiscal year. As we continue to focus on our strategic marketplace management, we are pleased to have captured this strong momentum of demand early in the year, particularly with these products capturing high levels of full-price selling across all channels. As we focus on delivering the full-year, I think it's important to reflect on our year-to-date performance. We closed out a record first-half for Deckers, with total portfolio revenue across all channels growing 19% versus last year, driven by HOKA revenue increasing 27% from global strength across its ecosystem of access points, UGG revenue increasing 18% primarily from gains across international regions and global DTC, total portfolio global DTC acquisition and retention increasing 29% and 27% respectively, and international revenue across all brands increasing 23% versus last year. While Steve will provide further details on our financial performance and related increased outlook later in the call, I'd like to emphasis how proud we are of the continued alignment of our strong near-term performance with Deckers' long-term objectives to build HOKA into a multibillion dollar performance brand, grow UGG through direct-to-consumer connections with elevated products and experiences, expand DTC through consumer acquisition and retention gains, and drive international growth through targeted investments. With that, let's get into the highlights of our successful first-half, starting with HOKA. Global revenue in the first-half increased 27% versus last year. This impressive result reflects the HOKA brand's successful marketplace management execution, which is driving more business to DTC in conjunction with market share gains from high full-price sale through at our existing points of wholesale distribution. HOKA revenue growth in the first-half was led by direct-to-consumer, which increased 54% versus last year, and represented 38% of revenue, up from 31% in the prior year. This was aided by global increases in brand awareness according to Deckers proprietary brand tracker study, consumer acquisition, which is up 47% versus last year; and consumer retention, which is up 52% versus the prior year, HOKA experienced significant growth in awareness across all major markets, with the U.S. growing to approximately 30%, and international regions, on average, rising to mid teens with much more room to grow. Specific to our gains in DTC in the first-half, consumer acquisition in EMEA DTC nearly doubled to help achieve a 75% year-over-year increase in channel revenue for the region. This represents great progress for our EMEA region. And though DTC remains a relatively small percentage of its total revenue, we see this expansion as a positive indictor that HOKA is increasingly resonating with the European consumer. As we have demonstrated in the U.S., thoughtfully building brand awareness through marketing activations and strategic marketplace presence served as a catalyst to DTC acceleration as the brand begins to take hold with the local consumer. To that end, HOKA recently opened its first European flagship store in Covent Garden in London, giving the brand a powerful presence in one of the most influential footwear markets around the world. In the U.S., HOKA continues to deliver exceptional growth. DTC revenue increased nearly 50% versus last year for the first-half, with strong growth among 18- to 34-year-old retained consumers, which increased 70%. We believe some of this demand was fueled by HOKA having increased resonance in the back-to-school timeframe with college-age students. Brand loyalty among this group is especially exciting given the increased potential lifetime value of repeat purchases. The HOKA marketing teams have done an exceptional job building global brand awareness through compelling Fly Human Fly campaign content, connecting with consumers at HOKA-sponsored events, and highlighting the incredible performances of HOKA athletes. We continue to sponsor key running events around the globe as part of our commitment to support the sport and provide a platform to showcase our innovative performance products. This includes events from 5ks to elite ultramarathons for all types of athletes around the world, allowing us to elevate the brand with pinnacle performance-minded consumers and also to broaden worldwide awareness of the achievements capable in HOKA products. This year's HOKA-sponsored UTMB or Ultra-Trail Mont-Blanc World Series Finals, held in Chamonix, France, is the perfect example of our team's 360-degree collaborative approach to building HOKA brand awareness and performance credibility. This trail running event allows us to celebrate the roots of HOKA, which was born in the French Alps, further connecting the brand with European consumers. At the UTMB World Series Finals, the HOKA team set up a base camp that offered consumers the opportunity to engage with the brand in a unique way through athlete meet-and-greets, 24-hour product testing, and shoe personalization. We received overwhelmingly positive feedback on the experience, and are already looking forward to leveraging these learnings at future events. HOKA made its mark on the event, both from a product and athlete performance standpoint, with several impressive achievements, including HOKA athlete Jim Walmsley making history becoming the first American man to win the Dacia UTMB, a 106-mile race that included more than six miles of elevation gain, completing the course in a record time of less than 20 hours. HOKA raking top among all brands with the most top-five finishes across the series of three races, and HOKA remaining the number one brand worn by UTMB participants. From a product standpoint, first-half HOKA growth was driven by a variety of categories and styles, which includes, among others; the Clifton franchise which benefited from the ninth addition launch as well as new successful lifestyle versions with suede uppers, stability staples like the Arahi and Gaviota franchises, the latter of which launched its fifth edition during the second quarter as we are seeing increased adoption of this category from consumers; trail and hike favorites, the Challenger and Anacapa franchises benefiting from new innovations incorporated in recent updates; speed shoes highlighted by the Rocket X Refresh and the all-new Mach X; and new lifestyle options including the popular Solimar and Transport styles. We remain encouraged by the breadth of category adoption across the innovative HOKA product assortment, which continues to evolve and attract new consumers to the brand. We are implementing greater segmentation across the ecosystem of HOKA Access Points to ensure our accounts are best positioned to serve their respective consumers and emphasize DTC as the pinnacle destination to experience the full depth of the brand's product offering. For the balance of the year, the HOKA team remains focused on executing its Marketplace Management Strategy which includes a focus on building global brand awareness and heat to increase demand which is helping to drive high full price sell-through at DTC and across wholesale allowing the brand to deliver healthy growth with best-in-class margins and inventory turns. Complemented by several new innovative product launches coming up in our fourth quarter, we expect HOKA to continue delivering strong results for the remainder of this fiscal year and well beyond. Now shifting to UGG, global revenue in the first-half increased 18% versus last year. The brand's strong first-half performance was driven primarily by high levels of brand heat, disciplined Marketplace Management leading to product scarcity on key styles exiting last Fall, and intentional pull forward of the brand's Fall marketing campaign relative to past years. We currently have the most cohesive globally aligned product, marketing, and consumer targeting strategy I've ever seen for UGG. Marketplace Management has been a core strength of the UGG brand for some time now. The allocation and segmentation of core and popular new styles continues to serve the brand well helping drive high levels of full price sell-through. Last year we shared that we did not fully capture demand on several key styles. As we began this fiscal year, we strategically developed targeted inventory that caters to the brand's most popular products and seeded the Fall marketing campaign, field Like UGG, in July as opposed to the typical September timeframe. From July 15th to August 15th, we saw a groundswell of influencer public service announcements reminding consumers to buy UGG now. Videos using hashtag UGG's received over 25 million views during that timeframe, and UGG saw twice the level of engagement on Instagram as compared to last year. We believe the UGG Team's strategic marketing shift served as a catalyst for earlier Fall consumer demand globally. In the U.S. specifically, this shift helped fuel greater back-to-school demand, with search interest increasing 46% versus last year, according to Google Trends. To keep this momentum going, at the tail end of September, UGG celebrated the official kickoff of hashtag UG season. with music superstar Cardi B, whose video announcement featuring the new classic dipper had nearly 20 million views. This resulted in significant press and media coverage of our launch, with influential publications such as Billboard and Vogue featuring UGG. Brand Heat, created by the UGG team, directly translated to incredible first-half results, particularly from the global DTC business and international regions, which both experienced a revenue increase of above 25% versus last year. Furthermore, UGG gross margins benefited from transitional and Fall products selling at full price during the second quarter. This dynamic is in contrast with prior years, with the brand's DTC business has historically been more weighted towards end of Spring and summer products that generally carry a lower average selling price. The Tasman franchise, including the Taz platform as well as the classic mini and ultra mini franchises have been the focal products of UGG's search interest and revenue growth in the first-half as expected. We are also excited that some of the new Fall franchises are beginning to resonate with consumers as well, including the aforementioned Classic Dipper, a key globally marketed style, the all gender hybrid weather collection, which includes modernized weather ready versions of the Tasman and Neumel, and the Lowmel, a sneaker hybrid take on the original Neumel. UGG is well positioned to capture consumer demand during the holiday season with great products like these. Considering the demand we've seen thus far, we are already in chase mode for a select group of popular items and colors, for which we are expediting production to ensure greater DTC inventory through the season. The UGG brand's first-half growth sets us up well, especially when factoring the signals of a weakening global economy and lower consumer confidence. Given this dynamic, we are glad to have captured some demand earlier to help reduce the pressure of competing with more promotional brands during this upcoming holiday season, as we see to continue selling premium UGG products at full price. Moving on to our discussion of consolidated channel performance, global growth was across both direct-to-consumer and wholesale, with DTC being the primary driver of revenue gains in the first-half, increasing 37% versus last year. Our portfolio experienced DTC strength relative to last year across consumers with acquired and retained increasing 29% and 27% respectively, brands with HOKA and UGG revenue increasing 54% and 26% respectively, regions with international and domestic revenue increasing 48% and 34% respectively, and channels as consumer demand was robust in stores and online. Additionally, we saw a double-digit increase in average selling price as a result of a greater mix of HOKA, higher full-price selling for UGG combined with a focus on fewer proven SKUs and more favorable foreign currency exchange rates. Regarding global wholesale, revenue in the first-half increased 11% versus last year, growth was driven by strength in UGG and HOKA as well as across both our domestic and international regions. Market share gains continue to be the primary avenue of wholesale growth for HOKA, which is now the top-selling brand in U.S.-run specialty stores in aggregate, according to third-party market sources. HOKA has also quickly become the top-running brand with key strategic partners in applicable doors. Our teams are extremely proud of the HOKA brand's top market share achievement, which further validates the brand's performance-rooted credibility. UGG wholesale performance in the first-half is right in line with our strategy this year, with international regions fueling the majority of growth, while the brand maintains its strong business in the U.S. With these first-half results, it is clear that our marketplace management strategies are working well, positioning our brands to excel during the holiday quarter and capture increased consumer demand across their respective ecosystems of access points. Before I hand it off to Steve to discuss our results in more detail, I'll note that we also announced our plan to divest Sanuk. At Deckers, we're focused on the most effective allocation of our resources that are in alignment with long-term objectives. Consumers have long valued Sanuk for its fun, innovative, and comfort-first products. Over the coming months, we will work to find the right owner to support the brand's next chapter while we continue to execute our growth priorities. Thanks, everyone. And now I'll hand it over to Steve.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. We are excited by the strong performance HOKA and UGG continued to exhibit through the first-half of fiscal year 2024, stemming from our strategic marketplace management execution that continues to benefit our brands. As Dave covered, HOKA drove another quarter of strong growth led by DTC, while UGG demonstrated broad-based growth across regions and channels by continuing to captivate consumers and elevate its presence around the world. Our record second quarter revenue exemplifies the exceptional demand for our brands, and we look forward to continuing this momentum as we enter our largest and most complex fiscal quarter. While ongoing macroeconomic challenges persist, we believe we are well-positioned to navigate this dynamic marketplace. With a strong financial framework and in-demand brands, we remain committed to building the foundation for success that drives long-term sustainable growth. Now, let's get into the details of second quarter results. Second quarter fiscal 2024 revenue was $1.092 billion, representing an increase of 25% versus the prior year. On a constant currency basis, revenue grew 24% versus last year. Growth in the quarter was primarily driven by strong demand experienced across the HOKA DTC channel, which increased 46% versus last year, and contributed to delivering total brand revenue of $424 million for the quarter and broad-based UGG growth across regions and channels, delivering $610 million of revenue, with global DTC increasing 38% and wholesale increasing 25%. With the HOKA brand's performance consistent with our expectation, the outsized UGG growth in the second quarter benefited from, first, a higher level of wholesale shipments in Q2 this year than in the past couple of years were captured in the first quarter, as transit times have reduced, supply chain logistics have improved, and availability of inventory is more consistent relative to during the pandemic. Second, seeding the fall global UGG campaign earlier in the quarter, reminding consumers of the scarcity that took place in the prior year, which created brand heat and demand for those same popular styles that sold out quickly last year, driving earlier consumer purchasing this year. And third, an increased level of demand for the brand during the back-to-school period, which signaled some wholesalers to desire shipments on an accelerated timeframe relative to our original plan. Gross margin for the second quarter was 53.4%, up 520 basis points from last year's 48.2%. Second quarter gross margin benefited from lower ocean freight rates, favorable UGG product mix partially driven by earlier fall demand, favorable UGG full price mix, favorable channel mix with DTC continuing to grow faster than wholesale, and a slight benefit from foreign currency exchange rates. SG&A dollar spend in the second quarter was $358 million, up 22% versus last year's $294 million, as we continue investing in key areas of the business. As a percentage of revenue, SG&A was 32.8% versus 33.6% in the prior year, 80 basis points lower than last year. This resulted primarily from the aforementioned timing, considerations regarding earlier consumer demand and timing of certain spend. Our tax rate was 23.8%, which compares to 21.2% for the prior year. These results culminated in diluted earnings per share of $6.82 for the quarter, which is just over $3 above last year's $3.80 diluted earnings per share, representing EPS growth of 79%. This increase in diluted earnings per share was approximately evenly split between gross margin benefits and higher revenue, with a small benefit from a reduced share count resulting from the share repurchases made over the past year. Turning to our balance sheet at September 30, 2023, we ended September with $823 million of cash and equivalents. Inventory was $726 million, down 21% versus the same point in time last year, and during the period we had no outstanding borrowings. During the second quarter, we repurchased approximately $185 million worth of shares at an average price of $534.53. As of September 30, 2023, the company had approximately $1.1 billion remaining authorized for share repurchases. Now, moving into our updated guidance for fiscal year 2024, we are increasing our full-year revenue guidance to be approximately $4.025 billion from our previous guidance of approximately $3.98 billion. This increase now equates to a full-year growth expectation of approximately 11% versus last year. From a brand perspective, we now expect UGG growth of mid-single digits, up from our prior expectation of low single digits. This upside comes from the continued strength of global brand heat driven by robust early demand. We still expect full-year HOKA revenue growth of above 20%, with third quarter percentage growth anticipated to be slower due to this year's timing of product launches being weighted towards the fourth quarter. And we have reduced our expectation for Teva due to softening macro backdrop. In addition to our fiscal year 2024 updated revenue outlook, gross margin is now expected to be in the range of 52.5% to 53%, reflecting the strength of UGG full-price selling in the second quarter as the brand was able to capture DTC demand early. SG&A as a percentage of sales is now expected to be in the range of 34% to 34.5% as we continue to invest in key areas of the business. Operating margin is now expected to be approximately 18.5%, reflecting the improvement in the gross margin. Our effective tax rate is still projected to be in the range of 22% to 23%, and we are increasing our diluted earnings per share expectation to now be in the range of $22.90 to $23.25. Please note this guidance excludes any charges that may be considered one-time in nature, and does not contemplate any impact from additional share repurchases. Additionally, our guidance assumes no meaningful deterioration of current risks and uncertainties, which include but are not limited to changes in consumer confidence and recessionary pressures, inflationary pressures, geopolitical tensions, labor shortages, and fluctuation in foreign currency exchange rates. We are proud of the first-half performance by the HOKA and UGG brands, two of the strongest in our industry, which led us to increase revenue guidance heading into the back half of our fiscal year, despite what appears to be a more challenging macroeconomic environment. The HOKA brand's global gains in awareness combined with the early Fall demand we are seeing from UGG give us the confidence to achieve this exceptional outlook. Thanks everyone. I'll now hand the call back to Dave for his final remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Steve. HOKA and UGG have delivered incredible results for the first-half, and we believe our company is well positioned to deliver on the increased full fiscal year objectives we outlined today. Marketplace Management remains paramount to the ongoing success of Deckers and our continued ability to buck industry trends as we build awareness and drive demand for our brands. Our proficiency in the implementation and delivery of strategic objectives is what truly differentiates Deckers as an organization, allowing our brands to create lasting consumer connections. We are focused on continuing to deliver meaningful consumer experiences with great products and dedicated to doing so with our long-term objectives at the forefront of everything we do. This approach, alongside our flexible operating model, financial discipline, innovation across fashion and performance brands, and our purpose-led culture are what empowers our highly engaged employees to deliver exceptional results and shareholder value. I'd like to thank our entire executive leadership team and all of our employees across the organization for their continued dedication to Deckers values as our company seeks to do good and do great. For more information on these efforts, I'd encourage you to read our forthcoming FY '23 Creating Change report, which launches next week. Thanks everyone for joining us here today and thank you to all of our stakeholders for your continued support. We look forward to continue sharing the exciting future ahead of Deckers. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from John Kernan from TD Cowen. Please go ahead.
John Kernan: Excellent. Congrats on a phenomenal quarter. And I guess wanted to hone in on – obviously, tremendous momentum as you go into Q3. Q3 is almost 50% of the full-year sometimes in terms of total revenue. So, just curious, given all the momentum you see, particularly in DTC in Q2, how should we think about UGG in the back-half of the year, and particularly Q3?
Dave Powers: Yes, this is Dave. It's a great question. First of all, I want to recognize the momentum that you called out, but the UGG brand experience in Q2, the team did a phenomenal job of recognizing the opportunity earlier in the year, capturing demand that we left on the table last year, cleaning up the marketplace, putting some exciting activations in place with Cardi B and other influential partners for that brand. And the buzz is something that, in my experience at the company, I had never witnessed before, it's palpable. The full-price sell through, the health of the marketplace, the teams just collectively have done an amazing job across the globe to set this brand up for success. And we're really excited that we were able to capture some demand early in the season before holiday shopping and before the potential slowdowns in the marketplace. So, we're set up incredibly well. We're optimistic that this is going to continue for us throughout the year. We're mindful of the fact that this could be a challenging marketplace, so we're not naïve to that fact, but we are prepared for it. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, some of the key styles that we put into the marketplace this year have sold out or sold very well so far. We are in a bit of a chase mode in some of those styles. But I think, across the board, we feel really confident that we have a breadth of product across many silhouettes that are performing well. We have inventory in the right places, a little bit lean in some but we're going to react and chase those. We've eliminated a lot of noise in the assortment in the marketplace. We have incredibly powerful campaigns and activations across the franchises in the brand. We have an exciting new launch of UGGextreme, which is a winter lifestyle collection that we're going to start investing in, in a deeper way. And we have great relationships with our wholesale partners. They need us, especially in this environment. And we want to stay about the promotional marketplace, so we don't want to get caught up in that. We want to maintain a healthy and clean marketplace and continue to drive real strength through our DTC channel. And that's our strategy, and it's working well so far. We're really excited how the fall season has kicked off, and we feel really good about how it's going to continue.
John Kernan: Got it. May be one quick follow-up just on the margin profile in the back-half of the year. It looks like SG&A dollars are planned out on a growth basis pretty significantly. Can you just talk to some of the investments you're making behind UGG and HOKA?
Dave Powers: Yes, I'll let Steve get into the details, but the top four things that we're investing in, which is similar to what we talked about earlier in the year, which is important for us to maintain this level of growth going forward and to be able to continue to grow these brands is really around people, talent, and culture. We're big believers that our culture is one of our secret sauce component, so to speak, and that we have incredibly motivated and collaborative teams that are fired up to win. We're continuing to invest in innovation. We have a powerful innovation pipeline that we want to continue to bolster that supports all of our brands. Systems and data, I don't think there's a company out there right now that feels good about their systems and data, where they're at. We're not alone there. We have some work to do there, but we want to be providing our teams with the right level of visibility so they can run their businesses effectively and leverage AI technologies coming down the pike and then continue to heavily invest in marketing. We feel that, in a constrained environment and a lot of other peers are struggling with inventory and promotions and lower margins, with our profile right now, we have an opportunity to continue to take share in this environment, and we're going to stay aggressive with marketing dollars to do that.
Steve Fasching: Yes, John, this is Steve. I think just to kind of further on Dave's comment, what we've said now for a number of years is that, I think, one, we're very well financially disciplined as an organization, and we're very careful about where we're placing investments. And I think an indication of that is the increase in the operating margin that we're now guiding to. And so I think we're taking these times of performance and using that to invest in the business. And that's what we've been saying for the past few quarters, is that trust us, we're going to make the investments in the right places. We know that sales have been outpacing what we originally thought. And so, we are making the proper investments, as Dave said, in the business that continue to drive these levels of sales. I think we're demonstrating marketplace management, disciplined investment approach, and that's the way we're operating, and even with that increased investment, leveraging some of the increase in the gross margins to lift our profitability for the year. So, we're doing it in a very strategic, thoughtful, disciplined way.
Dave Powers: Yes. And the last thing I would add on that, as you guys know, we've worked hard to ensure that more of our SG&A is variable versus fixed, and so we maintain a pretty agile, flexible model should we need to cut back on some of those things in the second-half of the year.
John Kernan: Got it. Thank you.
Dave Powers: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Komp from Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Yes. Hi, good afternoon. Thank you. I want to ask about HOKA just to follow up. Could you maybe share a little more detail on the product shifts you mentioned and how that might impact the growth rates in Q3 and Q4? And then as we think about really the pipeline into next calendar year, just how are you thinking about staying ahead of the competition? Everyone seems to be chasing the maximalist cushioning trend. And any color what you're hearing from your retail partners in terms of some of the order trends?
Dave Powers: Yes, great question. I'm glad you asked that. So, to put a little bit color on how we're thinking about the launches in the second-half in the year, we're strategically pushing launches into the Q4 timeframe. That's when we really get into the beginning of the spring/summer season, when running starts to kick in again. Traditionally, the holiday season is kind of less exciting, so to speak, still a lot of volume to do. But we want to make sure that we come out really powerfully at the beginning of spring, next year in our Q4 timeframe. It also allows us to stay out of the fray of the promotional marketplace in Q3. So, we're anticipating that, particularly in the athletic space where there's a lot of situations where it's over-inventoried with a lot of inventory in the channel and the slowdown of the marketplace, we feel we're better to stay above the fray, so to speak. I don't want to launch two of our major innovation launches coming in Q4 in Q3 when there's a lot of markdowns and promotions going on. So, the teams have strategically decided to push those launches to Q4. I can tell you the innovation that's coming out in two of our launches are incredibly exciting. And then we'll address how the oversized trends are evolving for us. And we're taking that very seriously. We don't want to lose that dominant position in the category that we created. There is a lot of activity, obviously, from competitive brands going in that direction, some good, some bad. But the bottom line is we're not as differentiated as we were three or four years ago with that type of profile. But our technology, our focus on materials and geometry, product testing, new use of plates, different foams, different compounds, et cetera, continues to be at the forefront of everything we do. But we are addressing the fact people may want a little bit of low profile, they want different uses for their product. We think there's a tremendous opportunity in trail and hike, we're going to go heavy after that. We have a dominant position in that already. So, it's top of mind for the teams. I think Stefano, as the interim president of the HOKA brand, with the brand leadership team, has done an exceptional job of fast-tracking our innovation pipeline, and we're excited to unveil some of those new concepts coming up in Q4.
Steve Fasching: Yes, and I think, Jon, just to add on that, is this aligns with the strategy that we've laid out. So, this is not a change as we've said, the importance of controlling the marketplace, product in the marketplace, maintaining full-price selling, continuing to build brand awareness aligns with our full-year outlook. And so, we're continuing to operate on that with no change on that front. As you can see by Q2 performance, seeing still good growth with the HOKA brand, and really impressed with what we continue to deliver. But we're going to be tight on marketplace management. And that's our strategy, and that's what's paying off.
Dave Powers: Yes. I think the team here is really maintaining a healthy marketplace for the HOKA brand. And listen, HOKA is having an exceptional year. You saw the results in the first-half of the year. On a promotion event or level, we were dominant at the UTMB event this year. In Chamonix, France, our athlete won the race, first American male winner ever in that contest. Two weeks later, our athlete won the Ironman Championship in Nice, France. Actually just today, it was announced by Footwear News that HOKA is the brand of the year. You're seeing the increases in awareness in acquisition from our consumers. Our full-price selling is exceptional. We're still dominant in the run specialty channel. We've got tons of momentum here, and we want to make sure that it doesn't get ahead of us, and that we manage the marketplace effectively to continue to drive strength in DTC. And I think the strategy that the teams have laid out and the cadence of product introductions and innovation is spot on. So, a lot of reasons to be excited, but the same time we're not naïve to the fact that this sector is having some challenges right now. And Q3, as people are talking about the fact that it may be really tough, we haven't quite seen that just yet. But again, it's a sector economic issue that we're going to pay close attention to, but we want to maintain scarcity in the marketplace, full-price sell-through, and keep this brand moving in a healthy pace.
Jonathan Komp: That's very, very helpful, thank you. And Steve, if I could just ask one follow-up on the financial guidance for the year, if I look at the implied second-half performance, it looks like you're implying operating margins down maybe close to a couple hundred basis points year-over-year, and EPS flat to down slightly. Just could you help us make sense of that after the first-half, as obviously such strong year-over-year growth rates, on both of those? Thank you.
Steve Fasching: Yes, I think it's a good question. And yes, as you're looking to second-half, part of this is recognizing that part of Q2 was benefiting from earlier sales of planned sales that we had in the second-half of the year, right? And so, while we're raising our overall year, it's not the full beat of that what we've experienced in Q2 because some of those sales at this point in time appear to be timing. We'll see how the marketplace plays out kind of in the back half, but combined that with some of the timing of back half sales moving into Q2, passing through what we think is a full-year lift, it is taking some of the sales out of the back half a little bit. But with the overall improvement in the year, and as you know, John, I keep saying, we're focused on the year, not quarters. We are lifting our full-year, we're lifting our full-year gross margins, we're lifting our full-year operating margin. So, like Dave said, we're managing the business for the long run. We're not managing the business on a quarter-to-quarter basis. We look at the full-year, that's how we're guiding the full-year. And some of that outperformance in Q2 is allowing us to make these additional investments.
Jonathan Komp: That makes sense. Thanks again.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez of Citi Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Thanks, guys. I'm curious to be talking about the HOKA DTC business, how that trended during the quarter, and if there's any comments you can make about quarter-to-date and then also on the UGG side, you had some unmet demand last year. You mentioned you had chased again onto UGG fires. In case of that, you're about to chase. And what are your assumptions for the second-half on being able to fulfill that demand? Thanks.
Steve Fasching: Okay, Paul. Some of that was a little hard. I'll take my best shot. It's Steve, so on the HOKA DTC business, strong, very strong Q2, up 46%. And we look at that factor as the real true demand signal. We know there are going to be fluctuations with wholesale orders of when they flow. And so we closely watch the DTC performance. And having that up 46% in Q2 is just another strong demonstration of how well HOKA is resonating with consumers, so very encouraged by that. I think as we've said, and as Dave just articulated kind of how we're thinking about Q3 and back half, managing the marketplace, we don't want to get into a promotional environment. We know there's a lot of competition out there that's over inventory. We're seeing a lot of promotion. HOKA's not in that space. We're not having to promote like other brands are. And so how we continue to build this brand forward and then build toward a bigger fourth quarter type increase on percentages terms as we have those new style intros planned for Q4. And then your other second question was chasing, do you want to go Dave?
Dave Powers: Yes, I'll talk about that one. So, I think one thing I think is important to clarify is if you go back three or four years and you look at the UGG brand and what drove the business, it was really one of two styles. It was all basically Classic, Short, Mini. And outside of Classic, we had varying degrees of success with other styles. If you go back seven, eight years, it was the Bailey Bow and Bailey Button. But we were more, quite honestly, of a one trick pony in those days. The way the brand has evolved, the assortment is we have now five to six top-selling franchises. We look at the Tasman, the Taz platform, the Ultra Mini, the Ultra Mini platform, some of the styles like the Classic Dipper. There's a lot more assortment and variation in styles and heights and platforms, et cetera to choose from. And the good news is that they're all resonating very well. And we have a good early reads on things like UGG weather styles, the Neumel Weather and the Classic Weather program. And at the same time, the team has edited the line by about 30% versus prior years. So you have inventory that we can put, traditionally went into lower-selling styles. We put that inventory into the Top 5 to 10 styles this year. With Anne's help on getting the team's focus and putting more emphasis behind these key styles from a marketing perspective, we've also been able to put more depth in those styles and inventory. Now a couple of them, we are selling faster than expected due to the earlier demand but the teams have reacted quickly. We have the ability to chase some inventory, not a ton, but I think you know going into the back end of December will be in good shape on some of these key styles. So we feel like we have the inventory to do what we need to do. It's not a bad thing to leave a little bit of demand on the table if that's the case. And at the same time we have a very exciting launch with UGG Weather Extreme, the UGGextreme collection coming in which is a new category of focus for us going forward. So I think we're in pretty good shape. We have the inventory in the right styles which we didn't last year and I think we've done a great job of adjusting and cleaning up the assortment and putting more power across the five to 10 styles that are really driving the growth.
Steve Fasching: Yes, and I think Paul just add to that, one of the things with the strength that we've seen in Q2 on some of the styles that have been very popular and we're selling down the inventory. We are looking to expedite some of that back in but there's a limit, right and we won't necessarily be able to chase every sale nor would we want to chase every sale. So we'll see how things play out. But we're set up very well. It is the driver of our full-year increase. So we're very encouraged going into the back half of the year.
Paul Lejuez: Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Steve Fasching: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sam Poser of Williams Trading. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser: Thank you for taking my question guys. First of all, Erinn, you've got most of it but Teva, Sanuk and other are my normal question and then I have a whole bunch of questions.
Erinn Kohler: Hi, Sam. Sure. I'll start off with that. So for the second quarter for Global Wholesale Industry as you noted some of this I think you can pull out of what we said but for UGG, $452 million; HOKA, $263 million, Teva, $12 million; Sanuk, $3.3 million and that leaves you with other at just about $30 million.
Sam Poser: Okay. All right, so just skip this out of the way. With Sanuk, are you going to take that as a discontinued operation and going to the balance of the year or how should we think about that in the guidance and so on?
Steve Fasching: Yes, and so, no, we're not looking to break that to discontinued operations. So we'll continue to report it as we seek to find a buyer. So that's the current plan, yes.
Sam Poser: Okay, and then with the way this is flowing in the back half, was there a lot of pull forward in the UGG Wholesale business? I mean, should we expect UGG Wholesale, especially in the third quarter, to be down given how much came in in Q2?
Steve Fasching: Yes, so again depending on your model, because we haven't guided the quarter. But yes, what we're basically saying is there is a portion of wholesale orders that occurred in Q2 that you may have planned for in Q3. And that is, what's leading to the increase in the UGG performance. So again, we haven't given quarterly guidance, so I don't know exactly how you had it broken out. But yes, I think safe to say that some of the increase in UGG that we've seen in Q2 is wholesale orders that were moved forward into Q2.
Dave Powers: Yes, and I think what is still to be determined is how much of the upside in we captured in Q2 was just earlier demand or brand heat that will continue through Q3. And so either way, I think we're positioned well, depending on how the market moves. But at this point, the demand seems strong and healthy, and we think it should continue. But as we said, we're heading into an unknown macro environment that's hard to say what it's going to look like. But we're optimistic that some of that demand was brand heat that will continue through Q3.
Sam Poser: So, and then, okay, and then on HOKA, the same kind of question, given that you're moving a big launch, you're moving a big launch away or moving launches out, does that mean that the wholesale business in Q3 would look more like Q2 and then from maybe as a percentage, but then accelerate into Q4. And then, but there's no real reason for DTC. It appears to slow down very much. I mean, that's good momentum on new product. You've launched a lot of new product in the last few weeks, I've noticed.
Dave Powers: Yes, so Sam, it's a good question. And there's kind of different ways to look at it. So, I think, as I said, and Dave has said, we haven't changed the way we're looking at HOKA for the year. So, I think kind of that's most important. Remember, the underlying fundamentals of that is a very controlled wholesale marketplace, right? And so, as we think about Q3, as Dave talked about, we are controlling wholesale in that Q3 period, because we want the market to be seen as we're launching some new product in Q4. So, I think that's an important underlying. The other then is, remember, we had very large DTC comps a year ago. So, when you're looking at some of those -- our DTC comps last year, Q3 was 107. I think Q4 was like 97%. So, we're coming off of very big growth quarters a year ago. So, that's the other thing to consider, right, as we're talking about this. So, there's growth. Then the other thing, I think, to take into account is what we've said about full-year growth. So, as we've said full-year growth, our first-half has exceeded that average full-year growth guide number, which means, by definition, the second-half is going to be a little bit lower, because we're controlling, again, that wholesale component of the marketplace. This is part of our strategy. Now, as we talk and some of our partners have discussed, there will be some wholesale expansion at the end of our Q4, right? So, that won't necessarily get captured in our back half, but it's a setup for next year. So, again, everything is playing out like we've said. The brand continues to perform very well, and I think there are some dynamics that are in there that are important to understand, but most importantly is the brand continues to perform very well.
Dave Powers: Yes, and the last thing I would add to that is last year, we were opening new doors in Q3. So, there was some door expansion, and so the setup quantities led to some of the growth in those doors. This year, we're still maintaining a net neutral through Q3 on door growth. So, comping that door growth last year could have a little bit of an impact on the wholesale performance, too.
Sam Poser: Got you. And then lastly, Dave, you've been now, how long at Decker's?
Dave Powers: A little over 11 years, we've had a long relationship, Sam. What's that?
Sam Poser: Does that make you the elder statesman?
Dave Powers: No.
Sam Poser: So, you weren't in charge of that collaboration?
Dave Powers: No, I was excited to see it, but I want to take credit for that. That was Ann and the team.
Sam Poser: Okay, all right. Thanks very much and have a continued success.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Sam.
Steve Fasching: All right. Thanks, Sam.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu of BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good afternoon, thank you very much for taking my question, and congrats on such solid results. I wanted to ask about HOKA. Dave, I think you mentioned that HOKA International grew 44% in the quarter. If that's the case, maybe can you just give a little bit of color, just what you saw by region, what's driving that growth? I think you mentioned a little bit about Europe, but how did you think -- how did you see the growth between wholesale and DTC? Was there a spread between that internationally? And maybe, Steve, I don't know if you can maybe give us some guardrails of how you're thinking about international HOKA growth for the year.
Dave Powers: Yes, so we can validate that number. I don't know that it was exactly 44%, but the bottom line is that we are very excited about the growth that we experienced internationally. That's been a focus of ours for across all of our brands. The international teams are doing a tremendous job by creating brand heat in that marketplace and then also managing the marketplace effectively across DTC and wholesale. The real strength of the growth that we saw in Q2 is really DTC-led, particularly in Europe, exceptional results. Now, smaller percent of our total business, but we think that speaks to the health of the brand and the demand for that consumer as we're investing in more marketing in the region. The events that we mentioned, UTMB and the Ironman, were held in Europe, so there's a lot of buzz around the brand there. And we're just getting better at managing that brand from a DTC perspective, investing in that team and the capabilities over there. So really, the growth is being driven primarily by the DTC channel. Wholesale is still strong, but as we said, in the U.S., we're managing that tightly to create the excitement and the awareness, but still really ultimately drive the business to DTC, and that's a formula we're going to continue to lean on going forward. What was the other question? It was the third question. Over to Steve there.
Steve Fasching: So, Laurent, I think the number you quoted was total company international DTC growth. So, we didn't provide the HOKA component. So, the total 44%, I think that you quoted, was total company international DTC growth. I think then, just your question on HOKA to me was a little bit about how do we see HOKA internationally expansion -- 
Laurent Vasilescu: For the year.
Steve Fasching: I think what we see, some of the trends that we're seeing, are similar to what we saw in North America probably a year or 2 ago, right? So, how we're seeing HOKA show up in the run community and then beyond the RUN community is similar, but further behind. And so, this bigger expansion, or faster growth in percentage terms, is another indication that that seems to be the case, that we're seeing the HOKA brand resonate with consumers, kind of starts with runners, RUN community, and begins to build out as awareness grows. Very similar trend to what we've seen in North America. So, in that international arena, we're a little bit behind where we were. Still very early innings for both domestic and international, but a little bit earlier on internationally, and that's why we're seeing those growth percentages high in total company, but you can extrapolate that to the HOKA brand as well.
Dave Powers: Yes, and the new store we opened in Covent Garden in London is off to a great start, and we're seeing that formula play out, which is a mix of performance and everyday runners and lifestyle driving the results there. A lot of tourists experience the brand for the first time, and our stores, our own stores and our partner stores in China continue to perform well also.
Laurent Vasilescu: That's great to hear. Thank you for that. And then, Dave, I think last quarter during the Q&A, you alluded to the launch of a new brand, that might be small, but maybe just can you give us an update where that stands and with the potential divestiture of Sanuk, does that give you capacity, just bandwidth, time, resources to potentially pursue M&A at the same time of launching a new brand?
Dave Powers: Yes, they're really two separate events. It's not that Sanuk was holding us back from building and launching a new brand, so we look at these separately as just fine tuning our model, just to speak to the Sanuk decision for a second, I'm really proud of how the teams have managed this brand over the last few years from a marketplace management standpoint, and the product right now is very, very strong. But what we've realized is that the journey to scale that brand so that it's meaningful in our portfolio is just too long. There's other things that we think we can invest in, and we think that this is a brand that the consumers love, it deserves a good home, and somebody who can is a priority for them versus a fourth or fifth brand in our portfolio. So it's a tough decision emotionally and financially, but I think it's the best thing for the company and the brand to do this. With regards to the new brand we're working on, I don't want to give away too much to our competition, but we're excited, we're going to be taking the best of HOKA and UGG and all the learnings we have from those two brands and creating what we're calling a super sneaker brand across various categories. We have the distribution channels, we have the DTC network, we have a lot of leverage in the marketplace and some really innovative, exciting products. It'll be a long haul, but we think this is a space that is emerging and that we want to make sure that we have some skin in the sneaker game going forward beyond HOKA. And then as far as M&A goes listen, we have enough organic growth here in our portfolio for the next foreseeable future in years. We're always keeping our eyes on it. We've looked at a lot of opportunities and with regards to what it would do for our company financially and workload and disruption, nothing has come across our desk that we're excited about yet, but it's always top of mind for us and we're continuing to look, but we think listen, we have Teva that has opportunity down the road and we think we can create a new brand and launch that and see if we can make some exciting inroads with both those brands while we focus our real efforts and attention on UGG and HOKA.
Laurent Vasilescu: Very helpful. Thank you very much for taking the questions.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question today comes from Janine Stichter from BTIG. Please go ahead.
Janine Stichter: Hi, congrats on the great quarter and thanks for fitting me in. Question on HOKA. Wanted to hear more about what you're seeing at some of the more recent doors that you've been in over the last few years, Foot Locker, DICK'S, I think you've recently tested JD. Just curious what the sell-throughs look like there and if you have any thoughts on the type of consumer you're getting, if it's helping you kind of broaden the aperture of the consumer you reach with HOKA. And then on UGG, we'd just love to hear a bit more about international. I think you talked quite a bit about international strength at HOKA, but we'd just love to hear more about what you're seeing there with UGG. And if the momentum is similar versus what you're seeing in the U.S.? Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yes, good question. So, HOKA Performance, new doors that we have opened up are performing very, very well. I was talking to Stefano, who's overseeing that brand, right now the new doors that we've opened over the last year, new accounts, all performing very well. High level of full-price sales, strong turns, scaling market share, run specialty stores where we have a number one position there that we're fighting every day to maintain and we want to build out in that position. But new doors and Foot Locker and DICK's and JD, et cetera. They want more. So that's a good sign. And the way that we're performing those doors is right in line with what we would have hoped would happen. But we're managing it tightly as we have been doing so that we maintain full-price selling at healthy turns and gross margins for our partners. It's a good question on the type of consumer, Foot Locker, as an example was a strategic play, not just from a volume play, but also strategic to reach a younger lifestyle consumer, both male and female. And we're seeing that happen. I think some of the success in Q2 was probably back-to-school business that we hadn't really realized before. And with our focus on 18 to 34-year old consumers and college athletes, we're seeing that pay off. And so it's exciting to see high school athletes and college athletes and beyond gravitating to our brand, going to those doors, looking for the brand, making the choice of HOKA over a traditional Nike Dunk or Air Force 1. That's super exciting. We're going to keep a close eye on that because we don't want that to be a big spike and then go away. So we need to manage that tightly and the lifestyle teams are all over that and working with our accounts to make sure that it's a healthy business for the long-term. And then on UGG International, similar to what Steve was saying in HOKA, UGG is an international, particularly in Europe, is at the point where UGG was a couple of years ago, really healthy, strong growth. They've been working hard on local marketing activations and leveraging PR in the region. And the new product is resonating extremely well across the board, but particularly with younger consumers there. And it's really exciting to see. And we haven't been in this position in Europe quite some time, but the momentum is real. The brand heat is improving. The level of acquisition and consideration for our consumers are all heading in the right direction. So we think this is an opportunity to build on this, particularly in the U.K. and Germany, our two biggest markets and we're going to continue to play this playbook out and get more aggressive with marketing activations in the region.
Janine Stichter: Great, thanks so much and best of luck.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-07-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. [Operator Instructions] I'd like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning. Please go ahead.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you everyone for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements, and include statements regarding our current and long-term strategic objectives, changes in consumer behavior, strength of our brands, demand for our products, product distribution strategies, marketing plans and strategies, disruptions to our supply chain and logistics, our anticipated revenues, brand performance, product mix, margins, expenses, inventory levels, and promotional activity, and the impact of the macroeconomic environment on our operations and performance, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations, and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. On this call, management may refer to financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, including constant currency. In addition, the company reports comparable direct-to-consumer sales on a constant currency basis for operations that were open throughout the current and prior reporting periods. The company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are important indicators of its operating performance because they exclude items that are unrelated to and may not be indicative of its core operating results. With that, I will now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to be here today to discuss another strong quarter for Deckers, starting off fiscal 2024 on the right path as we build towards delivering another year of great results. Our results give us increased confidence to achieve our updated outlook for full fiscal year 2024, which includes a raise to our prior expectations. For the first quarter, our performance slightly outpaced our expectations, with revenue increasing 10% versus last year, to $676 million, gross margin improving more than 300 basis points including beneficial brand and channel mix dynamics, and diluted earnings per share growing 45% to $2.41. Revenue growth versus last year was driven by our key areas of focus, with global HOKA expanding 27% to deliver $420 million, global DTC increasing 35% to represent 37% of portfolio revenue, up from 30% last year, and international UGG delivering strong growth. As anticipated, we had some offsets to the growth in the quarter due to timing dynamics in UGG U.S. wholesale, with accounts choosing to receive products for it later into the year as opposed to a frontloaded preference we saw in the last couple of years. As we look to best manage our wholesale account product flow, we also continue to monitor marketplace inventory levels to maintain a healthy omnichannel presence that services our end consumer in the best way possible, and preserves the premium nature of our brands. Our ability to propel the targeted opportunities of global HOKA, global DTC, and international UGG further demonstrates the success of our omnichannel marketplace management and strategic investments. We will continue to remain nimble in execution, as we always have, to deliver strong results on both the top and bottom line. With the continued execution of our long-term vision, we believe Deckers is emerging as a leading creator of compelling consumer connections through highly desirable products that infuse disruptive innovation across both fashion and performance. As a reminder, our long-term strategic vision remains focused on building HOKA into a multibillion-dollar major player in the performance athletic space, growing the UGG brand by connecting with consumers through elevated experiences and a segmented product offering, expanding our DTC business through consumer acquisition and retention, and driving international growth through strategic investments. Steve will provide further details around our increased forward-looking expectations later in the call. In the meantime, let's dive into the brand and channel performance for the first quarter of fiscal year 2024, starting with the brand highlights. As mentioned, global HOKA revenue increased 27% versus last year, to $420 million, a quarterly record, and the first time the brand eclipsed $400 million in a single quarter. The HOKA brand's well-managed ecosystem of access points continues to flourish. DTC was the primary growth driver in the quarter, increasing 63% versus last year, and accounting for approximately two-thirds of total brand growth. DTC growth was broad-based as each region grew the business more than 50% versus the prior year, global consumer acquisition increased 58%, global consumer retention increased 57%, and 18 to 34-year-old consumers in the U.S. increased 68%. This exceptional DTC demand resulted in an improvement in gross margin as HOKA maintained high levels of full-price selling, and continues to benefit from shifting a greater proportion of revenue mix to DTC. While the HOKA brand's DTC business is still predominantly ecommerce, our select retail stores are augmenting the brand's presence by increasing awareness and brand engagement with a physical presence in key strategic markets, creating personal consumer connections through community-oriented experiences, and broadening category adoption by showcasing the depth of the HOKA product offering. For these reasons, we expect to continue testing potential permanent locations through pop-up stores. We are excited about a couple of new doors that are in the pipeline, and look forward to sharing more soon. From a wholesale perspective, HOKA continues to drive growth and manage the marketplace to build market share in existing points of distribution, maintain high levels of full-price sell-through, increase category shelf space through differentiated products, and expand brand awareness with a broader consumer demographic. HOKA has preserved high levels of full-price sell-through, and remains one of the fastest turning brands within the majority of its wholesale accounts. We continue to tightly manage the marketplace inventory and closely monitor HOKA key performance indicators in the channel to ensure the brand maintains its premium positioning across its ecosystem of access points. As excess consumer demand materializes, we prefer that HOKA satisfies upside through the brand's DTC business, which is what we saw happen this quarter. We are encouraged by the momentum that HOKA has sustained across its distribution landscape, and continue to make investments to build awareness and affinity for the brand across key markets. In June, HOKA launched the second edition of its Fly Human Fly global marketing campaign, and is already seeing the benefits of this upgraded rollout. This edition of the campaign was designed to reinforce that HOKA stands for joyful and inclusive performance at its highest level. As campaign content and activations continue to roll out across the globe, HOKA has seen a powerful response from consumers in the first few weeks, including robust growth in online engagement across social channels and digital platforms, especially with the release of the campaign's focal film, titled, Murmuration, which embodies the brand ethos of moving together. Heightened attention brought directly to HOKA.com with the vast majority of digital campaign asset clicks yielding first-time visitors to our brand's ecommerce platform globally, more than doubling the conversion rate of HOKA.com landing page visitors, and significant impressions from out-of-home activations. We are optimistic about the reach and broad appeal of this campaign as HOKA continues to introduce itself to new consumers around the world. And the brand is as visible as it has ever been, with connected TV advertising, billboards, special running events, and several compelling activations in the pipeline. On the heels of the Fly Human Fly campaign rollout, HOKA launched the all-new Mach X, which was designed for propulsive everyday running, and features high-rebound cushioning and a Pebax plate. Mach X media content was seamlessly weaved into the Fly Human Fly launch. And HOKA further celebrated this innovative product creation with several regional activations to aid Mach X awareness, including a demo run, in Germany, where participants were challenged to run as far as they could for 30 minutes, a sprint relay in France across a two-kilometer loop, in [Les Deux, Chamonix] (ph), a college event in Eugene, Oregon, hosting demo community runs to celebrate the U.S. Track and Field Championships, and a two-day HOKA experience clinic at our retail store in Japan, and at a popup location in Thailand. These global events, combined with the connected TV, social media, and digital out-of-home content have created significant energy behind the HOKA brand's latest shoe innovation. The Mach X was treated as an exclusive launch in our own DTC channel, and with our run specialty partners as we continue to work towards greater segmentation of the HOKA brand's compelling product line. Just a few weeks into the second quarter, the Mach X is close to cracking the top 10 sales globally on HOKA.com, and we are getting great feedback so far from our run specialty partners. HOKA continues to build a bigger business through the expansion and increased adoption of its lineup of innovative products. We see the Mach X as an incremental addition to the already stellar portfolio of our footwear, led by the brand's most popular styles, Clifton and Bondi. The Mach is a great example of franchise development where the team has innovated upon the original Mach which continues to perform exceptionally well, by introducing the snappier and more competitive version, the Mach X. It is with this approach to product line management that HOKA is able to broaden the aperture of HOKA consumers, while maintaining pinnacle positioning in the performance athletic space. HOKA has an amazing roster of athletes around the world who are competing at the highest level, and achieving incredible results wearing commercially available versions of our shoes. During this past quarter, HOKA athlete, Cole Watson finished first in the Canyons Endurance 100K wearing the HOKA Tecton X carbon-plated trail running shoe. Congratulations to Cole who, with this victory, punched his ticket to the UTMB Mont-Blanc, a HOKA-sponsored event to be held in Chamonix, France, at the end of August. Moving to UGG, global revenue in the first quarter decreased 6% versus last year, to $196 million. As expected, this decline resulted from lapping earlier wholesale shipping patterns over the last couple of years in the U.S. UGG was able to offset this challenging compare in the U.S. with the strength of the brand's international regions. International strength was broad-based across multiple regions, and in both wholesale and DTC channels. In particular, our EMEA region, as well as China, which benefited from lapping lower demand from lockdowns in the prior year, drove above average growth. These regions found success attracting consumers with more transitional styles, like the Ultra Mini, Tasman, and Classic Mini, as well as seasonal franchises, like the Goldenstar and LA Cloud. We are encouraged by the continued progress of international regions to increase the adoption of key global franchises year-round. Part of the excitement behind these franchises is being driven by the brand's more focused approach to product marketing, creating greater global alignment of key stories. With this more focused approach; UGG is maintaining high levels of brand heat with more consumers actively searching for the brand. During the first quarter, online search interest across Europe increased 60% versus last year, with outsized strength in the U.K. and France. The same is true in the U.S., where search interest increased 21% versus last year according to Google Trends. UGG brand momentum also benefited from this spring's Feel House activation at Coachella. The Feel House, first launched in the fall of 2022, is a multisensory community experience dedicated to making self-expression comfortable for all. UGG invited individuals from around the world to experience this latest iteration of the Feel House, which was designed as an oasis for creatives, in Palm Springs, California. The Feel House was decorated with signature artwork from New York City-based artist, KidSuper, who partnered with UGG to design a quick-strike collaboration of the Tasman X, whose global activation drove significant press coverage with the likes of influential publications, such as Esquire, Teen Vogue, Daily Mail, and Hypebeast. As a result of the UGG team's continued brand activations and compelling products, UGG global DTC increased 6% versus last year. UGG experienced consumer demand both in stores and online. We have been particularly excited by the interest of consumers who are shopping in person, especially during the spring and summer seasons. We believe this dynamic is partly attributable to the development and greater adoption of transitional franchises that embrace the brand's heritage DNA and have greater year-round wearing occasions. By maintaining this momentum, the entire UGG product portfolio benefits, especially in our stores, where consumers can feel and directly engage with the broader product offering. For this reason, and in line with our focus on elevate the UGG brand in an influential international market, subsequent to quarter-end, we opened our newest flagship store in the high tourist traffic Harajuku shopping district of Tokyo. With the first quarter behind us, we remain confident in executing the UGG plan we outlined for fiscal year 2024, evidenced by the continued momentum of global markets as consumers actively search for UGG, growth of global direct-to-consumer with improved margins from full-price business, and strength of iconic silhouettes like the Ultra Mini and Tasman driving year-round excitement. Entering the second quarter, the UGG team is working hard to state its global omnichannel marketplace to connect with consumers through engaging experiences in the autumn/winter season. To execute this vision, UGG will be expanding on and embracing the celebration of culture and community by creating meaningful experiences, such as the Feel House, that serve as an invitation to develop and emotional connection with the brand. This fall, UGG will celebrate its brand heritage through consumer-centric moments around the world, with new winter lifestyle-themed Feel House executions, an exciting new winter product aimed at capturing more of the winter fashion and resort-focused consumer. Shifting to our discussion of consolidated channel performance, global direct-to-consumer drove first quarter revenue growth, increasing 35% versus the prior year on a reported basis, and 33% on a comparable basis. Strength in the channel was driven by continued increases in HOKA consumer acquisition and retention globally. HOKA consumer growth was robust across regions and various age demographics, with outsized growth among international markets and the 18-34 year-old cohort, which remain key targets for us. The UGG DTC business also experienced growth, driven by more than 20% increase internationally, that benefited from China catching up from lockdowns in the prior year. The strength in China resulted from increased adoption of both sneaker and sandal styles. From a wholesale perspective, global revenue was down 1%, as gains in HOKA were offset by UGG U.S. shipment timing realignment to pre-pandemic cadence, as well as a continued focus to manage the marketplace inventory of our brands to maintain high levels of full price selling in this more promotional consumer landscape. Overall, we are pleased with the China results, which reflect the power of our marketplace management strategies that continue to benefit our wholesale partners, DTC business, and ultimately Deckers bottom line. With that, I will hand the call over to Steve to provide further details on our first quarter financial results as well as our increased outlook for fiscal year 2024. Steve?
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. As Dave just covered, Deckers delivered strong results in the first quarter and demonstrated great progress toward our full fiscal year and raised outlook. HOKA was the driver of growth in the quarter, lead by strong performance in the DTC channel, and UGG continues to elevate its presence globally, as represented by international growth. As anticipated, UGG's global revenue was lower than last year, primarily due to lapping earlier selling during the prior year. But the brand maintains high levels of consumer interest, capturing increased demand through our DTC in the quarter. As we continue to operate in a very dynamic consumer environment, we remain committed to executing against our strategic priorities, and maintaining our disciplined approach to managing our business. We are encouraged by the demand signals we are seeing, and believe our portfolio of leading brands continues to resonate with consumers globally. With that, let's get into the details of our first quarter fiscal year 2024 results. Revenue was $676 million, up 10% versus prior year. HOKA revenue increased 27% versus last year, due to the exceptional demand experienced across the brand's DTC channel and global ecosystem of access points. Gross margins for the quarter were 51.3%, which is up 330 basis points from last year's 48%. First quarter gross margin benefited from lower freight costs, a greater mix of HOKA brand revenue, and an increased mix of DTC business with slight offsets from unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates compared to the same period last year, and select closeouts of seasonal inventory. SG&A dollar spent in the first quarter was $276 million, which is up 16% from last year's $238 million. SG&A growth was driven by reinvestment in key areas of the business in support of our growth targets, which includes strategic marketing, including the spend intended to amplify HOKA awareness in leading international markets, supply chain footprint to match the growing scale of our organization, enhanced e-commerce capabilities, and talent across the organization, including areas we've delayed in the enterprise support functions. Our tax rate was 21.9%, which compares to 21.3% in the prior year. These results coupled with higher interest income and a lower share count as a result of our share repurchases program drove diluted earnings per share of $2.41 for the quarter, which was $0.75 above last year's $1.66 per share, representing growth of 45%. Turning to our balance sheet, at June 30, 2023, we ended June with $1.05 billion of cash and equivalents. Inventory was $741 million, down 12% versus the same point in time last year, and we had no outstanding borrowings. During the first quarter, we repurchased approximately $25 million worth of shares at an average price of $485.95. As of June 30, 2023, the company had approximately $1.3 billion remaining under its stock repurchase authorization. Now, moving on to our updated outlook for fiscal year 2024, with the HOKA brand's DTC business exceeding our expectation in the first quarter, we are increasing our full-year top line revenue guidance to be approximately $3.98 billion from our previous range of approximately $3.95 billion. This increase represents full-year growth expectations of approximately 10% versus the prior year. As a result of this update, we now expect HOKA growth to exceed 20% for the fiscal year 2024, compared to fiscal year 2023, with the majority of growth anticipated to come from the brand's direct-to-consumer business. UGG revenue is still expected to increase low single-digits, driven by international expansion and a focus on driving more business to DTC. Beyond our updated revenue outlook for full fiscal year 2024, gross margin is still expected to be approximately 52%, representing a more than 150 basis point improvement relative to last year. SG&A is still expected to be approximately 34% of revenue, as we re-invest gross margin improvements in key areas of the business. Operating margin is still expected to be approximately 18%. Our effective tax rate is still projected to be 22% to 23%, and we are increasing our diluted earnings per share expectation now to be in the range of $21.75 to $22.25. The $0.65 increase is related to the increased expectation for HOKA DTC and an increased expectation for interest income as we benefit from working capital improvements, including inventory management, driving higher cash balances that are earning at a higher interest rate. Please note, this guidance excludes any charges that maybe considered one-time in nature, and does not contemplate any impact from future share repurchases. Additionally, our guidance assumes no meaningful deterioration of current risks and uncertainties, which includes but not limited to supply chain disruptions, constraints, and related expenses, labor shortages, inflationary pressures, changes in consumer confidence, and recessionary pressures, foreign exchange rate fluctuations, and geopolitical tensions. We remain confident in our disciplined operating model, well-positioned brands, robust financial profile, and ability to remain nimble as we adapt to evolving marketplace dynamics. Thanks, everyone, And I will now hand the call back to Dave for his final remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Steve. Fiscal year 2024 is off to a nice start, with HOKA continuing its strong momentum, and the balance of our brand portfolio on track to our full-year expectations. While keeping our long-term strategies top of mind, we are operating fiscal year 2024 with a sharp focus to prioritize DTC growth across all of our brands, while managing wholesale marketplace inventory to drive online acquisition in a high level of full price selling, expand HOKA brand awareness globally, lead with UGG products that are proven to resonate with global consumers, thoughtfully manage inventory to align with consumer demand, and invest in enterprise infrastructure in key strategic growth areas. We believe Deckers' unique ability to introduce exciting innovation into both fashion and performance products, is why our differentiated brands are able to create lasting consumer connections. This along with our financial discipline, agile operating platform, exceptional marketplace management and purpose-led culture allow us to continue to deliver best-in-class results, and exceptional shareholder value. On behalf of our management team, I would like to thank our employees for their continued dedication to delivering results and making Deckers a great place to work. And I would also like to thank all of our stakeholders for their continued support. With that, I will turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from Jay Sole with UBS. Please go ahead.
Jay Sole: Great, thank you so much. My question is on HOKA. You talked about, obviously, really strong DTC performance for HOKA in the quarter. Can you just talk about a little bit what you say at wholesale, and then talk about what you're seeing for the rest of the year? And really just going back to the quarter for a second, just talk about some of the drivers of the HOKA growth just across channel in terms of product that would be great? Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yes, thanks, Jay. So, yes, obviously we are super excited about the continued momentum of HOKA, broad-based, it's just continuing to meet or exceed expectations for us, and we're really optimistic about the rest of the year. DTC growth, as you saw from both brands, was exceptional. Wholesale for HOKA is about where we expected it to be for this quarter; couple puts and takes here and there by channel and region. But generally speaking, right in line with our marketplace management expectations. We love how this flywheel is working for us. We're creating awareness out in the marketplace at a top level of the funnel. The awareness is increasing dramatically for the brand, up 20% over last year. And that's driving all channels, but particularly, as designed, into DTC. So, there's some noise out in the wholesale channel with markdowns and promotions from other brands, a lot of inventory in the channel, so we're managing that tightly by purpose. But again, as I say, raising awareness at a high level and seeing the brand interest coming directly to our DTC business is super exciting for us. Obviously it's our most profitable sale. We gain all the data from that and it creates even a stronger flywheel going forward in the marketplace as we expand globally. Some of the things that are driving HOKA for the quarter, this was a HOKA-driven quarter, as expected, right? So, this isn't a big quarter for UGG. A lot of the top-selling styles for the company overall for the quarter were driven by HOKA. Again, the Clifton and the Bondi continue to be the frontrunners here. The Clifton 9 has been received extremely well globally, and we're looking to get more inventory into that franchise and continuing the upside of that franchise going forward. And then also in the hike side of things, that business is still very strong. In places like REI, we're the number one running brand, and also in hike. And then in the international regions, particularly in China, we have a very strong hike business. So, we're going to continue to go after that. We've got some new innovations launching. We just launched the Mach X, which has been received very well with the PEBA plate, and there's a little more attainable price point, and then continuing to update franchises throughout the year with some very, very exciting launches of existing upgrades, but also some new product coming into Q4.
Jay Sole: Got it. Okay, thank you so much.
Dave Powers: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Laurent Vasilescu with BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good afternoon. Thank you very much for taking my questions. Congrats on such good results. Hey, Steve, I'd love to ask about your HOKA DTC strategy. I think in the 10-K it's noted that you have 18 HOKA stores. I believe those are permanent stores; predominantly located in Asia, correct me if I'm wrong. But can you provide a little bit of color on how these stores are performing and what lessons are you learning from the store opened up in -- permanent store you opened up in New York? And how many stores do you envision for the brand over the next couple of years?
Dave Powers: I can speak to that, and then, Steve, you want to get into specifics.
Steve Fasching: Sure.
Dave Powers: Yes, this is -- like we're doing with everything else in our marketplace, we like to test and learn. And when we see positive signs we like to go fast and capture opportunities, and so far, very good on retail. Fortunately for us, we know how to run retail stores based on our legacy of UGG retail stores over the last 20 years, we have the operations globally to do it, and we're leveraging that platform exceptionally well. The stores that we have opened, both pop-ups and permanent, are exceeding or on plan, no concerns as of this point. But we do want to take it slow. We want to make sure we're not overextending ourselves; we're going into markets that are accretive to the overall marketplace strategy, but are also creating awareness to important consumers in key locations around the globe. We need retail to work in China. We can't have a distributor business with partners if we don't know how to do retail very well, so we're fine-tuning that. But, so far, the partners are pleased. We're very positive and optimistic about our own retail stores there as well. Excited to open our first permanent store in New York City, feedback from that has been exceptional. And I think for us, now, it's really about fine-tuning the experience for the consumer in the stores. So, the operations and the behind the scenes, we have dialed, but we want to make sure this is an exceptional experience for the consumer beyond just the product. We're looking at holding events and run clubs, and making sure that there is engagement with the community in these stores as well to drive renewed interest or renewed -- sorry, I should say repeat visits from existing customers, but also creating awareness and showing the full breadth of the line for new customers to the brand. So, off to a good start. Small in the scheme of things at this point, but we see upside here. And as far as size of stores and how many, we don't have a number put on that yet. It all depends on how the marketplace evolves. But DTC is our primary objective here. And using our stores to grow online, and vice versa. But you'll see a handful of key stores being opened in key cities and locations as we go, and continuing to leverage our popup and test model before we make long-term commitments.
Steve Fasching: Yes, Laurent, this is Steve. Just on the number, you're right, 16 are the company-owned stores, so that does not include retail partners that we have in Asia or with some of our distributors. So, those are not included in the store count. So, the 16 -- sorry, 18 are included are company-owned, not inclusive of some of our retail partners as well. And then just as Dave said, I think the performance of those has exceeded our expectations, both from a revenue and a profit standpoint. And we use the pop-ups to inform us on locations. So, as we see pop-ups perform very well, it gives us a good indication of store location and opportunity for a permanent location. And we'll continue to operate in that manner. And we continue to look at area where we can continue to expand the HOKA retail store presence.
Laurent Vasilescu: Very helpful, thank you for all that color. And then just as a follow-up, I think Stefano was elevated to Chief Commercial Officer, in April.
Dave Powers: Yes.
Laurent Vasilescu: Just curious to know if you have any update with regarding a permanent find for the brand president for HOKA. And then just another -- sneaking in one more question. You've got $1 billion of cash on the balance sheet. Can you just remind us your capital allocation [technical difficulty] audience?
Dave Powers: Yes, so just on -- with Stefano, super excited to elevate him to that role, well-deserved. And we spoke on the last call, I believe, the HOKA business is in excellent shape under Stefano's leadership. He knows this space incredibly well, and we're excited about the fast-tracking of innovation and marketplace management that's happening there. No news to report yet on the HOKA full-time president replacement. But I would say, trust that we're confident in the business until we do, and we'll be excited to announce that when the time comes.
Steve Fasching: And then just on the capital allocation question, no change in terms of how we're thinking about it. Clearly, like to operate from a position of strength, so have an incredibly strong balance sheet, especially in current times, I think that serves us well, constant conversation with our Board in terms of how we're looking at capital allocation. But as we've indicated over prior quarters, we have been and look at share repurchase as a great way to return value to our shareholder base. So, we'll continue to look at that and evaluate that. But yes, in terms of how we're thinking about it, no change. And we'll continue to have conversations with our Board.
Laurent Vasilescu: Very helpful. Thank you very much, and best of luck.
Steve Fasching: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next today comes from Sam Poser with Williams Trading. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Erinn, I think two of the five have been answered. So, can you give me -- well, can you give me wholesale for every brand, please?
Erinn Kohler: Sure. So, wholesale for each of the brands, including distributor at a global scale, so for UGG, that's $121.5 million; for HOKA, $260.8 million; Teva, $35.1 million; Sanuk, $6.5 million. And then you have some other.
Sam Poser: Okay, thank you. So, either Dave or Steve, on HOKA DTC, can you give us some idea of what you're looking at for the full-year there, given that's going to be the big driver of this? Are we going to have -- I mean, is there going to a 4 handle on it, a 5 handle on it, the growth?
Steve Fasching: Yes, I think -- that's a good question. Right, clearly we've seen DTC perform slightly above our expectation in Q1. We've reflected that in the raised guidance for the year. And we're continuing to watch that. As part of -- and Dave articulated this a little bit, part of our strategy is to manage the wholesale marketplace tightly. And we'll let some of that excess demand come over into our DTC channel, and we'll fulfill there. But a little bit harder to gauge how that consumer shows up, but we're confident in our ability to grow DTC, and with HOKA specifically. And we'll see how the year plays out. But what we're encouraged by is a strong start to the year, continue to see growth in our DTC business, and growth with our HOKA DTC business. And then we'll see how the year continues to play out.
Sam Poser: [Multiple speakers]
Dave Powers: Yes, I think one thing to note is we -- sorry, Sam. We do have hard comps coming forward in the next three quarters, just something to be aware of. But I think we're learning what's possible with our DTC engine here. And so, this is very encouraging signs for us. The thing to keep in mind also is wholesale is a bit of a uncertain entity right now with inventory in the channel, there's a lot of estimates it's going to be a promotional back-half for the year. So, the way we're looking at this is we're trying to focus on the total consumer opportunity regardless of channel, and have the inventory available for our DTC business if whole continues to be a little bit more challenging or promotional, we're confident that they'll come to us, and with our marketing campaigns at the top of the funnel we can drive more direct -- target traffic directly to our channels and DTC channels. But this is certainly very encouraging, it's right in line with our strategy to get the whole company at 50% DTC down the road. And we're going to continue the hammer away at it.
Sam Poser: Thanks. And then lastly, you're investing a lot in the SG&A, but you tend to roll it forward. Is this going to be another year like normal, where you don't really see that leverage on all that SG&A until we come out of the -- you can't really roll it out of the fourth quarter again? Are we looking at it the same way?
Steve Fasching: Yes, I think the way we're looking at it, Sam, is we're coming out of a year, last year, our FY '23, where we held back on some of those SG&A investments, and that was to offset some of the headwinds that we were experiencing on the gross margin. So, that was an intentional holdback to really deliver on our commitment to get to 18% operating margin. So, this year, as we're seeing some of that gross margin expansion, it is affording us that opportunity to invest. So, we are looking at it, that's embedded in our guidance for the year, of the approximate 18% operating margin, so again, with that gross margin expansion, taking that opportunity to invest in some of those things that we held back on last year. And we'll see how we're doing. I think Q1 is a demonstration where we have invested a little bit more, so you're seeing a little bit of an increase on that SG&A as a percentage of revenue in the quarter. So, we'll continue to see. But I think it's important that we continue to invest in these brands, part of that, as I mentioned, strategic investment in HOKA marketing. We know that there is an incredible opportunity out there, and this is an opportunity for us to continue to build international brand awareness. And then just on kind of the infrastructure in town, we're in the competitive space. And with how well we're doing, it's important for us to remain competitive in that space as well. So, those are all things that we're considering. But again, we're delivering, in my mind, exceptional operating profit levels, and so it affords us the opportunity with this gross margin expansion to make those investments.
Dave Powers: Yes, and I think, this is from my perspective, I want to make sure that we have the operations at Deckers to take this business to $5 billion, $6 billion over the coming years. And so, we want to make sure, and I've said to my leadership team that we need to focus on infrastructure investment, innovation, the systems, data accessibility, global supply chain investments, DCs, that so we are ready for the growth when it continues to come. And in the past, some quarters we've pushed out marketing spend because we didn't need it to hit our numbers, but we're rethinking this. We're much more strategic now. We want to make sure we're doing more activity at the top of the funnel, connected TV, et cetera. And we have some great created from both HOKA and UGG that you'll on connected TV this coming season, in fall. And the ELT is completely aligned on where additional SG&A opportunities are going to go and how we prioritize them. So, if we see signs that there is opportunity to free up some more spend for some of these strategic initiatives, Steve and I are looking at it quick, we're allocating the money fast so that teams can get on with it and create more upside. But I am excited about the opportunities of marketing for HOKA specifically, but also UGG, and UGG men's, and some new exciting product launches coming this fall for both of them, and on the marketing side too.
Sam Poser: Thank you. Continued success.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Sam.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Janine Stichter with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Janine Stichter: Hi, good afternoon, everyone, and congrats on the great quarter, and thank you for taking my question. I wanted to ask about the wholesale environment in the U.S. really for the UGG brand. Understanding the tough multiyear comparisons you have there, I'm just wondering what you're hearing from your wholesale partners, both on their broader ordering patterns, and then specifically on sell-through for UGG? Certainly hearing it's tough out there. And then also wanted to hear more about the UGG transitional franchises, sounds like they're working really well on DTC, but wondering what the appetite is for that product at wholesale? Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yes, good questions. This is a -- it's always a funny quarter for UGG because we're dealing with deliveries into wholesale, getting ready for fall, we have some leftover from spring, and we're comping -- particularly this quarter, for UGG, we're coming a lot of fluff business from last year. So, it is a little bit noisy. But the good news that we're seeing in here is how the consumers are reacting. Brand interest is up dramatically, especially in 18 to 34-year-olds. The styles that we have invested in with heavy inventory, this coming fall, the Tasman and the Ultra Mini and platform styles. We sold out of those styles last year. We're getting back in inventory now. They're already selling through very well despite the heat waves that are going around across the country. So, the indicators that we are seeing for the UGG brand, consumer interest, consumer buzz, excitement around these franchise styles, and even a couple of new styles that we just launched early, a sneaker and then a -- it's more -- I forget the name of it, but it's an UGG style that has a knit upper on it. Those are in the top 10 of UGG.com, so, a lot of reasons to be excited. Wholesale partners, they know they need UGG to be successful this season. They know that there is opportunity in these key styles that we're getting after, and those are the things that we have focused our buys on for them. The other key thing to keep in mind is we have reduced our SKU count dramatically in UGG. So, last year at this time, we were over 600 SKUs heading into fall. This year, we're just over 400. And so, we've cleaned up the assortment. We've funneled our inventory into these key styles that we know there is high demand for. And we're getting the marketing behind those styles to really drive high level of interest and sell-through. On the traditional styles, one of the top selling styles globally is the Scuffette. And so, we're still seeing a lot of interest and renewed interest with younger consumers in some of our core classics. But what's really encouraging is the iterations with the platform style really leveraging the Tasman, the Neumel, these Ultra Mini styles, and then new iterations that we're going to be launching in the fall and holiday. We've just been through a great deal of work under Anne and the marketing team's leadership on resetting our brand positioning and defining our brand codes and design, and applying those to our core classics, and iterating off of those with new materials, and new outsoles, and different shapes is bringing some really exciting product to market. And I think you're going to see some of that start to happen this fall, and continue through spring, and next fall as well.
Janine Stichter: Great. And on the SKU count reductions, are there any potential gross margin savings that might go along with that?
Dave Powers: Yes, short and long-term, right? And so, I just reviewed with the leadership team yesterday, the fall '24 line. And the teams all said to us, "Listen, this is -- we're doing less work, and the styles that we're spending more time on are getting better and better, and more exciting." And so, I think you're going to see both in focused, you're going to see it in quality in aesthetic and design, and you're ultimately going to see a margin opportunity a little bit as well. We haven't flushed that out yet, and we don't have it in any of the guidance or anything, but certainly when brands go through this work there is certainly opportunity for margin savings.
Janine Stichter: Great, thanks so much.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi. Please go ahead.
Kelly Crago: Hi, guys. This is Kelly on for Paul. Got a couple questions for you, first on the gross margin in the first quarter, looks like it came in a little bit light of expectations, and that's despite HOKA DTC driving upbeat. So, just curious what the driver of that was? I think you've mentioned some select closeouts of seasonal inventory. Curious if that was not planned going into the quarter. Any color there would be great. Thanks.
Steve Fasching: Kelly, this is Steve. I think on the quarter, we pretty much delivered kind of to our expectation. I know some of the models may have been a little bit higher than we were. My guess is where you may have been a little bit higher was around a promotion assumption and potentially a foreign currency assumption. When we look at the 330 beat, that's a pretty substantial beat, in line with what were thinking. Just to give you some sense of how that broke down, the freight channel mix in brand was around 450 basis points of it, and that was offset by about 100 basis points which was a mix of promo and foreign currency. So, just depending on how you factored that into your model, but generally speaking, in line, but yes, as we mentioned we did do some closed out to seasonal items in Q1, which is impacting that gross margin.
Kelly Crago: Was that across both UGG and HOKA?
Dave Powers: Yes, it was sum of both in the quarter.
Kelly Crago: Got it. And then, on the -- so, HOKA wholesale grew in low-double in the first quarter, I think the distributor transition was impacting that. Is there any way to quantify, so we could kind of understand that underlying wholesale growth and how that should trend for the rest of the year? Is the accounting distributor transition 1Q-specific, or does it carry forward? Any color domestically versus international on the wholesale growth side in HOKA? And then, lastly on that determined door perspective, your sort of gross door, new door opening for HOKA, and then, sort of on that basis as well? Thank you.
Dave Powers: Sure, Kelly. There is a lot in there. Let me try to thrive some of that. So, you are right, we did do, and Italian distributor conversion, so that is impacting. A year ago Q1 would have picked up the distributor order, which would have covered multiple quarters in the wholesale model. So, you are seeing some kind of delay of those sales in the Italy market. We have not talked about how much that is, but not a huge number and a Q1 impact, but safe to say, within millions of dollars in terms of what the impact was. But you will see pick up in the wholesale business later. So, that was impacting some of the wholesale distributor growth in Q1. Then the other parts of your question were…
Steve Fasching: HOKA wholesale in general and door account.
Kelly Crago: Yes…
Dave Powers: Yes. So, what we are looking at just in terms of with specific to HOKA door account, wholesale, is what your question was?
Kelly Crago: Yes, pretty much.
Dave Powers: Yes, I think the way we are looking at it is, on our prior call we talked about kind of no global net new doors. We are going to continue to evaluate and see what that looks like. We are probably seeing some growth in North America, and some declines on the international business as we are cleaning up some of that distribution. And then we will continue to monitor. So, that was kind of point in time as we see demand and performance with these doors within accounts will continue to evaluate that.
Steve Fasching: But no real change in strategy.
Dave Powers: But no change in strategy. Yes.
Kelly Crago: Got it. Thank you.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question today comes from Jonathan Komp with Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Yes, thank you. Dave, I want to follow-up on a comment you made, I think you said you are building the infrastructure to be $5 billion to $6 billion consolidated revenue company, would that be on sort of three to five-year horizon, I don't know any thoughts on that. And I guess thinking about the next couple of billion of revenue, how would you see that split across the brands? I'm just curious if you had any more color on those comments.
Dave Powers: Yes, let me grab my LRP necessarily. That's just generally speaking, like, my job as CEO I need to be looking three to five years out, you know, and based off where we are today and on the cash flow hitting $4 billion mark, my head is like, "Okay, so do we get to $5 billion and $6 billion, what it's going to take from the team perspective and infrastructure perspective, category expansion, all those things." So, when I put out, say, $5 billion or $6 billion, that's just generally thinking, "Hey, down the road, we are going to get to these numbers. I don't have anything to share with how that is." But certainly if you put the pieces together you could see it happening as well, with the current growth we are seeing. In HOKA, I think you're going to see a resurgence of UGG over the coming years in Anne's leadership, and hopefully we get Teva to be a meaningful number in the coming years as well. So, it's within line of sight for sure, but I don't want to put a timeline or brand mix or any of that yet, it's early days, but the opportunity we see is this company to be a $5 billion-$6 billion business over time for sure.
Jonathan Komp: Got it, I appreciate that color. Thank you. And maybe related, a bigger picture question on HOKA and category expansion, how are you thinking about lifestyle, fitness, other categories, especially it looks like there are some very favorable reviews of -- the transport access in new category, it looks like a hard shoot to get a hold of, so just curious how you're thinking about a broader category expansion potential for HOKA?
Dave Powers: Yes, we are in the transform; myself right now have trouble finding it honestly. So, that one surprised us. I was actually little bit skeptical about how that was going to received in the marketplace. It's not necessarily positioned as a performance shoe, although I do running it and work out in it, and so, it's very versatile. But I think it's showing us that there is more aperture and appetite for HOKA to being meaningful in the lifestyle space, whether that is color ups or fabric changes or design details and some of our franchise styles. We pull things out of the vault. I mean we're 10-year-old now, we have things actually in the vault that customers ask for. But there is opportunity for new styles like the Transport and the TransportX that we tested this year. And we think that there is emerging opportunity in lifestyle, it's not just people wearing a running shoe anymore, they want shoes made for all day wear, that feel like running shoes, but have a little bit of a different aesthetic, and we see a massive opportunity there not only within the HOKA brand, but we are working on launching a new brand actually in Spring's timeframe, to go after some of that opportunity as well. So, as far as category growth, right now if you ask Stefano and the team, we are focused on being to maintaining our dominant position in run, we want to be number one in hike and trail over the coming years. We think that's a tremendous opportunity, and that's an important category that's growing within the category, but also has lifestyle implications as well, and then really cultivating the lifestyle, distribution and consumer with performance product that has a little bit of a different aesthetic. If you think about down the road, different categories, we are exploring other categories as well, and those things take time to develop. So, we are having the teams on the sidelines looking at different opportunities, like different categories, whether it's court shoes or whatever that maybe. But we are thinking that way for the long-term, but right now we are really focused on run, hike and the lifestyle opportunity.
Jonathan Komp: That makes sense. Just last one, Steve, if I could, your gross margin this year you're still guiding in a couple of hundred basis points below your peak, and if I compare to back then your HOKA revenue contribution has doubled in mix. So, just how should we think about that opportunity to get back to 53% or 54% gross margin over time?
Steve Fasching: Yes, I think if you are looking back kind of two years ago, the big difference will be around just the promotion assumption. So, that was pretty clean, I would say, very clean selling in terms of hardly any promotion. You are right; as we are looking at the HOKA contribution increasing we are going to continue to see an increase. As we see a higher proportion of DTC increase, we will also see gross margin expansion. So, what you are seeing, I think this year from where we were a couple of years ago, similar assumption around promotion and we will see how that plays out this year, and then going forward beyond that is higher proportion of HOKA should continue to give us some gross margin expansion opportunities as well as the higher proportion of DTC business.
Jonathan Komp: That's great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our final question today comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Group. Please go ahead.
Dana Telsey: Hi, good afternoon, everyone. Dave, you had mentioned Teva and Sanuk, what is happening with those two brands now? How do you see their progress this year? And then, if you think about inventory levels, it certainly seems very clean, how you're looking for the progress of inventory going forward? Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yes, thanks, Dana, good question. We don't talk very often about Teva and Sanuk, and from the quarter results it makes sense there is questions about them. We recently have reorganized our smaller brands, Teva, Sanuk, and some incubation work that we're doing, and emerging brands for leveraging resources, and we are resetting those brands. So, we have a new leader there, Lee Cox, who spent a lot of time in the HOKA brand early days, he is appointed to get a long-term strategy for both of those brands, and right now they're doing brand works, so, resetting their positioning, tightening their positioning and proposition, understanding who their consumers are deeply, and elevating their innovation pipeline. So, I would say the biggest opportunity right now that we see down the road in the short and long-term is Teva. We have looked at a number of brands externally that we could acquire, and quite honestly, none of them look as good as Teva does. It's a beloved brand. It's got a great 30-plus year history, and a lot of heritage product. And it's healthy in the marketplace. It's got great margins, and we think that is a brand that we invest in for the long-term. So, right now it's just about resetting the marketplace. That's where you're seeing some degradation in the top line, and both Teva and Sanuk were cleaning things up, and we basically getting -- gearing those up to go back at it with a new and improved version of both brands. But the Teva opportunity is continued within sports sandal, and we are working on trail sandals for that brand, we are going to be launching early next year, which we think will be clearly exciting, trail running sandals, and then, also expanding into closed toe and year-around business through our innovation engine. So, we won't see dramatic changes in this year in the P&L for any perspective, but you will start to see improvement going into FY'25, both on the top line and bottom line, particularly for the Teva brand that's a bigger opportunity. And then, we have some ideas of what Sanuk could be, and we will see if those play out over the next coming years as well.
Steve Fasching: And then, Dana, just on the inventory, the way we are thinking about, so to your point, we have made significant improvements from our year-ago period, which we had more elevated inventory, a lot more in transit inventory. So, that has resolved and improved -- we are in a much better position this year. You will continue to see that improvement continue in the quarters of this year, won't necessarily be to the same percentage extent, but we were making improvements kind of all of last year. And so, you will continue to see us make improvements, not necessarily to the same level that you saw in Q1.
Dana Telsey: Got it. Thank you.
Steve Fasching: Okay.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Dana.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's question-and-answer session, and today's conference call. We thank you all for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines, and have a wonderful evening.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-05-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call.  I’d like to remind everyone that the conference call is being recorded. And at this time, I’d like to turn the floor over to Erinn Kohler, VP, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning.
Erinn Kohler: Hello and thank you everyone for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our current and long-term strategic objectives, changes in consumer behavior, strength of our brands, demand for our products, product distribution strategies, marketing plans and strategies, disruptions to our supply chain and logistics, our anticipated revenues, brand performance, product mix, margins, expenses, inventory levels and promotional activity, and the impact of the macroeconomic environment on our operations and performance, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management’s current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. On this call, management may refer to financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, including constant currency. In addition, the company reports comparable direct-to-consumer sales on a constant currency basis for operations that were open throughout the current and prior reporting periods. The company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are important indicators of its operating performance because they exclude items that are unrelated to and may not be indicative of its core operating results. With that, I will now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you as always for joining us today. I am delighted to be here today to discuss another exceptional year for Deckers, as we delivered record results on both the top and bottom line and continued to progress against our long-term strategic initiatives. For fiscal year 2023, our brands achieved revenue growth of 15% on a reported basis versus the prior year to more than $3.6 billion, which is 42% and $1.1 billion above revenue of 2 years ago. Operating margin in line with the high-end of our guidance range at 18%, which is top tier in our industry and a more than $3 increase in earnings per share, representing a 19% increase versus last year. Specifically, our progress in fiscal year 2023 includes HOKA driving global revenue growth of 58% versus last year to eclipse $1.4 billion. UGG revenue holding steady in constant currency, with the brand increasing its mix of both direct-to-consumer and international business; global portfolio DTC adding more than $0.25 billion of incremental revenue, growing at nearly twice the rate of wholesale; and our international markets increasing 20% versus the prior year on a reported basis, which when accounting for an approximate $100 million headwind from currency fluctuations, increased 30% in constant currency. Reflecting on the past few years, our company’s performance is remarkable, particularly given the consumer climate and speed with which we have had to build our infrastructure to support this incredible growth. We still have much more work ahead to build upon the foundation for long-term sustainable growth, but I am truly proud of how far we have come. We believe that the strength of our operations, omnichannel management and brand teams have enabled our organization to improve resilient and capable of achieving the goals we have set forth, including driving significant top line growth, while maintaining an 18% operating margin and reducing inventories to more appropriate levels. I want to thank our employees and our tremendous leaders across the organization for their hard work and collaboration that contributed to Decker’s outstanding execution. Steve will provide further details on fiscal year 2023 results and what’s ahead for fiscal year 2024. But first, I will share more about our 2023 brand and channel performance. Starting with the brand highlights, global HOKA revenue for fiscal year 2023 increased 58% versus the prior year to $1.4 billion. This is the fourth consecutive year HOKA has delivered revenue growth above 50%. For the year, HOKA growth was driven by a more than 30% increase in global brand awareness in fall 2022; an acceleration of DTC, which grew 85% versus the prior year; broader category adoption; market share growth with existing points of wholesale distribution; and additional access points with our strategic partners, which was complemented by increased availability of product inventory and an improved supply chain environment. In June of 2022, HOKA launched Fly Human Fly, its first-ever globally integrated marketing campaign. The campaign was designed to build awareness and elevate the HOKA brand in the minds of global consumers through rich storytelling and targeted activations in key cities. The HOKA team utilized connected TV and digital and out-of-home channels to reach a broader audience with creative that combined emotionally connected brand and product messaging. As a result of the investments behind this campaign, HOKA awareness increased across a broad spectrum of key markets, such as the U.S., France, the UK, China and Germany, with three of those countries increasing awareness more than 40% compared to fall 2021. Given the success the brand has experienced, we continue to see a significant opportunity for growth in each of our markets over the long-term. Specifically, we are working to close the awareness gap between the U.S. and international regions to build a more global brand. The HOKA marketing team has done a fantastic job developing insights from the initial campaign to evolve the next iteration of Fly Human Fly, which will focus on the brand’s roots and performance through inclusive storytelling that emphasizes the joy of movement for everybody. Stay tuned for more details on the campaign when it launches next month. On the direct-to-consumer business, the HOKA brand’s exceptional growth helped drive a 5 percentage point increase in DTC mix up to 34% of total brand revenue as compared to 29% in the prior year. Importantly, HOKA continues to bring new consumers into the brand, while also retaining existing consumers, evidenced by a 78% increase in acquisition and an 81% increase in retention as compared to last year. Momentum with younger consumers in the U.S. helped drive these increases as HOKA more than doubled the number of purchasers aged 18 to 34 years old. As HOKA continues to expand, we are encouraged by the broader product adoption from consumers beyond the brand’s heritage running styles. We have seen this trend among DTC consumers and continue to gain category shelf space with wholesalers. Among DTC purchasers in the U.S. and EMEA, multi-category purchases increased 79% and 127% versus last year, respectively. Across all channels, HOKA more than doubled revenue on trail and hike products aided by the Speedgoat and Challenger updates as well as market share gains with the Kaha and Anacapa franchises and fitness and recovery products benefiting from greater over recovery sandal adoption and introduction of both the Solimar and Transport Styles. With the success HOKA is experiencing across a variety of innovative products, we are very excited to now offer a selection of our most popular items to the next generation of HOKA athletes with the brand’s recently launched first ever use collection through our DTC channel and with very select wholesale partners. We view the opportunity with kids as an avenue to further expose the brand to parents and younger athletes over the long-term. In terms of HOKA wholesale for fiscal year 2023, revenue increased 47% versus the prior year, driven by market share gains with existing points of distribution, which accounted for approximately 2/3 of global dollar growth, an additional access points with strategic partners. HOKA continues to prioritize delivering a pinnacle experience with performance products with the brand’s exceptional run and outdoor specialty partners, while expanding the addressable market through strategic relationships that broaden brand awareness beyond the traditional specialty consumer. With expanded distribution, HOKA is placing greater emphasis on the segmentation to align product and marketing with the respective distribution partners target consumer. HOKA is leveraging the run and outdoor specialty channel to maintain authenticity and brand credibility by offering exclusive high-performance products that are only available at DTC and select specialty doors. Marketplace management continues to be a top priority for HOKA as the brand enters fiscal year 2024. At the current scale north of $1.4 billion, our focus is to protect the HOKA brand’s premium positioning and maintain a pull model. HOKA plans to emphasize growth in the DTC channel, driving high full price sell-through and building market share with existing points of wholesale distribution, especially in light of a dynamic consumer environment. This focus on marketplace management will be particularly evident in our EMEA region as HOKA expects to prioritize low levels of promotion in the coming year. Steve will get into more specifics on our HOKA outlook later in the call, but I would like to congratulate the HOKA team for delivering another special year and look forward to the brand’s continued success in the upcoming year and well beyond. Moving to UGG. Global revenue for fiscal year 2023 was $1.9 billion, which is down 3% versus last year on a reported basis, but up slightly in constant currency. UGG performed in line with expectations as the brand focused on driving growth through DTC and international markets, while facing tough comparisons from the prior year related to refilling domestic wholesale inventories as well as currency exchange rate pressures overseas. Despite these unique dynamics, UGG maintained high levels of brand heat and demand, as evidenced by the strength of global DTC acquisition and retention, which increased 16% and 15% versus last year, respectively. While this is a tremendous growth figure in terms of worldwide consumers, we have been even more encouraged by the trends in our international markets, where acquisition was up 29% and retention increased 37% over the prior year. EMEA was the fastest-growing DTC region across the globe, aided by an 80% increase in new visitors to ugg.com in Europe. Helping drive the buzz around UGG, the brand was featured in a number of highly respected fashion publications, including  and Harper’s Bazaar, each touting the brand’s fashion relevance. The UGG team has done an excellent job executing a brand-appropriate collaboration strategy over the past few years, which continues to benefit awareness and increase visibility with target consumers. Most recently, UGG partnered with London-based Gate Brand Palace; LA-based lifestyle brand, Madhappy. And just a few weeks ago, UGG launched an exciting new collaboration centered around the Tasman with New York-based fashion brand opening ceremony. We believe the UGG brand’s focused on winning with younger consumers through strategic collaborations, presence on fashion week runways around the world and product designs rooted in brand DNA have been key drivers of building this excitement internationally and maintaining these record levels of brand heat in the U.S. Reflecting this exceptional demand for UGG, search interest in the U.S. increased 26% versus last year according to Google Trends. Additionally, from a purchasing perspective, UGG continue to over-index with 18 to 34 year-olds, which increased 21% versus last year, outpacing all other age groups and remaining the largest cohort of UGG consumers in the U.S. UGG products that drove demand in this fiscal year included Heritage Classics like the Short and Mini, fashion updates to core styles such as the Platform Classics, new and hybrid styles like the Ultra Mini and Tasman. The popularity of these items reflects the brand’s consumer appeal across an exciting range of products helped by the successful category diversification strategy the UGG brand has been working towards over the last 5 years. Now more than ever, the UGG brand is leaning into its consumer-first approach, sharpening the product lines to create a cohesive consumer experience that feeds product strategy through direct engagement and insights. The brand plans to concentrate on product families featuring recognizable brand codes consumers love and expect from UGG, while reducing inefficient SKUs. Over time, we believe this strategy will drive better margins and greater efficiencies, allowing for more selectful and impactful storytelling across a globally aligned and focused UGG product offering. UGG is now transitioning to the next phase of growth. Over the past several years, the brand has successfully established heightened consumer attention and increased global brand heat through product propositions that are both complementary and counter seasonal to its core lineup. This work increased the UGG brand’s connection with consumers, established a permission to play in new categories and reenergized the love for the brand’s most iconic UGG silhouettes. In fiscal year 2024, the brand is placing greater emphasis on these icons; ensuring inventory is strategically weighted to meet demand for the most popular products and building on its foundation for healthy full-price growth across a variety of category and gender offerings in the future. Overall, UGG delivered a fantastic result given the challenges it faced both in terms of comparing to abnormal shipping timing and volumes and impacts from currency headwinds. The UGG team is developing compelling products through the integration of consumer data and insights within each layer of the product creation process. We are excited for the year ahead as the brand continues to build on the international opportunity and maintaining the exciting momentum the last few years. Turning to Teva. Global revenue for fiscal year 2023 increased 12% versus last year to a record $183 million. This is the second consecutive year of double-digit growth for Teva as the brand continues to be a leader in the sports sandal category with aspirations to become a destination brand for the modern outdoor consumer. We are confident about the opportunity ahead for Teva as the brand works toward future growth through additional investments this fiscal year aimed at driving increased closet share over the next 5 years. From a channel performance perspective, fiscal year 2023 results were driven by strength across our direct-to-consumer and wholesale businesses, both of which drove more than $200 million of incremental revenue. For the year, DTC revenue on a reported basis increased 21% to nearly $1.5 billion, representing 40% of consolidated revenue. On a DTC comparable basis, revenue increased 23% versus last year, with healthy growth in both the physical and digital segments. Gains in our direct-to-consumer business were driven by the continued momentum of global consumer acquisition and retention, which increased 28% and 29%, respectively, versus last year. We are encouraged that all major regions drove double-digit DTC growth in reported dollars, especially considering the significance of currency headwinds in our international markets. On wholesale for the year, revenue increased 12% on a reported basis versus last year, which primarily reflects global market share gains for the HOKA brand, which was partially offset by a reduction of UGG domestic wholesale revenue as we did not repeat the fill-in activity that occurred in fiscal year 2022. The success we are seeing with both DTC and wholesale is a testament to our omnichannel brand and marketplace management. Maintaining the authentic and premium positioning of our brands in their respective markets continues to be our top priority, especially as we navigate an ongoing dynamic consumer environment. With that, I will hand over to Steve to provide further details on our fourth quarter and full fiscal year 2023 results as well as our initial outlook on fiscal year 2024. Steve?
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave just covered, Deckers delivered another outstanding result for fiscal year 2023 with double-digit top line growth, even with substantial foreign currency headwind and once again delivered a high-teen operating margin. Deckers flexible operating model and financial discipline continue to serve us well as we react to a fluid macroeconomic environment. Our omnichannel, brand management and marketing teams have collaborated to create and capitalize on high levels of brand heat and demand for our brands, while maintaining the high percentage of full-price selling, leading to record earning levels in fiscal year 2023. Decker’s commitment to long-term strategic priorities, coupled with our execution and financial discipline, are the foundation for success as our portfolio of strong brands continue to drive long-term profitable growth in the years ahead. With that, let us get into a recap of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2023 results. For the fourth quarter, revenue came in at $792 million, representing an increase of 8% versus the prior year. Performance in the quarter was driven by continued momentum with HOKA, including the brand nearly doubling last year’s DTC revenue as well as strength in Teva as the brand recaptured revenue lost in the previous year due to supply chain disruption. This was partially offset by a reduction in UGG revenue as the brand lapped abnormal wholesale shipping patterns in the prior year from pandemic-related supply chain issues and experienced more normalized DTC demand. Gross margin in the fourth quarter was 50%, a 130 basis point increase from the prior year period. The improved gross margin primarily relates to reduced air freight usage, favorable brand and channel mix from the strength of the HOKA DTC business and lower ocean freight rates, which were partially offset by increased promotional activity for UGG as the brand sought to reduce inventory levels of non-core seasonal product and continued headwinds from unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. SG&A for the quarter was $290 million, representing 36.7% of revenue, which compares to last year’s $277 million and 37.7% of revenue. SG&A as a percentage of revenue was down year-over-year as we gained leverage on marketing, where we avoided spend in areas of over performance. These results, coupled with higher interest income and a lower share count as a result of our share repurchase program, drove a diluted earnings per share increase of $0.95 to $3.46, which compares to $2.51 in the prior year period, representing a 38% increase. With the strength of our fourth quarter, Deckers delivered exceptional full year fiscal 2023 results, which includes revenue increasing 15% on a reported basis versus last year to a record $3.63 billion. As compared to last year, revenue growth was driven by HOKA as the brand added more than $0.5 billion through global expansion across its well-managed ecosystem of access points and benefited from an improved supply chain and logistics environment. Gross margins for the year was 50.3%, down 70 basis points versus last year. The decrease in gross margin was primarily related to unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, higher levels of promotion and lower-margin closeouts, entire ocean freight rates in the first half with positive offsets from reduced levels of air freight, a greater mix of HOKA brand revenue including benefits from price increases and an increased mix of DTC business. SG&A dollar spend for the year was $1.17 billion, up 12% versus the prior year’s $1.04 billion. SG&A represented 32.3% of revenue, which is 80 basis points below last year. SG&A leverage as compared to last year was driven primarily by lower marketing spend as a percentage of revenue as we reduced spending in areas where inventory was short to help offset currency headwinds and delayed some spend targeted to build awareness. This all resulted in a full fiscal year 2023 operating margin of 18%, which is 10 basis points above last year, despite significant currency headwinds. For the year, our effective tax rate was 22.4%, which is above last year’s 20%. Taxes were higher this year, primarily as a result of changes in jurisdictional mix of business. Our strong performance, along with higher interest income and a lower share count that resulted from share repurchase, culminated in a record diluted earnings per share of $19.37, which represents a 19% increase over last year’s $16.26. Turning to our balance sheet. At March 31, 2023, we ended the year with $982 million of cash and equivalents. Inventory was $533 million, up 5% versus the same point in time last year. And during the period, we had no outstanding borrowings. For the year, these results returned invested capital at approximately 35%. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased approximately $103 million worth of shares at an average price per share of $421.53. For the entire fiscal year 2023, we repurchased over 900,000 shares for approximately $297 million at an average price per share of $320.35. At March 31, 2023, the company still had approximately $1.4 billion remaining under its stock repurchase authorization. Now moving to our outlook. For the full fiscal year 2024, we expect top line revenue of approximately $3.95 billion, representing growth of approximately 9% versus the prior year, with HOKA as our main growth engine, increasing in the range of 20% versus the prior year as we prioritize marketplace management expecting the majority of the growth in the brand’s DTC channel and with wholesale growth assuming no net new doors added globally. UGG increasing low single digits, driven by international expansion and a relatively flat U.S. marketplace as we focus on driving the full price business by maintaining the brand’s pull model. And DTC growth once again outpacing wholesale as we drive consumer acquisition and retention, margin improvement and prioritized marketplace management. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 52%, which is more than 150 basis points above last year as we are anticipating favorability from increasing DTC mix, increasing HOKA mix, with slight offsets from promotions, which we expect to be higher than last year as we anticipate a consumer environment that may have greater uncertainty. Currency and freight are expected to be slight net tailwinds to our gross margin for the full fiscal year, but we expect to see headwind and tailwind fluctuations between quarters when compared to last year. SG&A is expected to be approximately 34% of revenue as we reinvest gross margin improvements in key areas of the business, which include talent across the organization, including areas we’ve delayed in the enterprise, supply chain footprint to match the growing scale of our organization, e-commerce capabilities and strategic marketing, which includes HOKA spend to grow awareness in leading international markets. Through the reinvestment of gross margin improvements into critical operating expense areas, we expect to maintain an approximate 18% operating margin in-line with what we’ve delivered in fiscal year 2023. We are projecting an effective tax rate of 22% to 23%. This all results in an expected diluted earnings per share in the range of $21.10 to $21.60. Capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of $110 million to $120 million, which is above last year as we invest in capital IT projects, retail refreshment, including opening select new strategic locations and bolster our supply chain and warehouse capabilities. Please note, this guidance excludes any charges that may be considered one-time in nature and does not contemplate any impact from additional share repurchases. Additionally, our guidance assumes no meaningful deterioration of current risks and uncertainties, which include, but are not limited to, supply chain disruptions, constraints and related expenses, labor shortages, inflationary pressures, changes in consumer confidence and recessionary pressures, foreign exchange rate fluctuations and geopolitical tensions. With a focus on delivering the full fiscal year, we will not be providing formal quarterly guidance per normal course. However, given we are halfway through the first quarter, we wanted to provide some context around our expectations for the quarter ending June 30. These include revenue growth slightly below the 9% full fiscal year guide as UGG is not expected to repeat the early U.S. wholesale shipments that the brand had experienced over the last couple of years during the first quarter and HOKA international wholesale growth anticipated to be slower due to not repeating the earlier distributor shipments that occurred in last year’s first quarter. Gross margin is expected to be similar to the full fiscal year guided rate and SG&A dollar growth is planned to be up double digits as we anticipate significant deleverage in the first quarter due to the phasing of certain investments. Thanks, everyone. And now I’ll hand the call back to Dave for his closing remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Steve. We continue to remain focused on executing against our strategic priorities and driving progress towards our long-term vision, while actively managing the marketplace for our brands to build HOKA into a multibillion-dollar major player in the performance athletic space, continue to grow the UGG brand by connecting with consumers through elevated experiences and a segmented product offering, expand our DTC business through consumer acquisition and retention and drive growth in international markets through strategic investments. These strategies, coupled with our disciplined operating model, position us well to drive the development of our portfolio of powerful brands while maintaining top-tier levels of profitability as a global organization. Again, I’d like to emphasize some of the points Steve outlined in our guidance for fiscal year 2024. To summarize, we plan to grow DTC faster than wholesale as we prioritize marketplace management and direct-to-consumer acquisition, focus on UGG products with a recognizable brand codes to feed the global momentum with young consumers, continue to manage inventory to align with our consumer demand and invest behind key strategies and infrastructure to further bolster our organization to support our scaling business. On behalf of our entire team, I’d like to thank all of our employees for their dedication and support in helping us drive record levels of earnings in fiscal year 2023. Our results demonstrate the strength of our brands, people and our commitment to delivering value to all of our stakeholders. We are incredibly proud of our accomplishments across the whole Deckers organization and look forward to building on this success in the years ahead.  With that, I’ll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator:  Our first question today comes from Laurent Vasilescu from Exane BNP Paribas. Please go ahead with your question.
Laurent Vasilescu: Thank you very much, and good afternoon, and congrats on really just another great year. Dave, I would love to ask about your HOKA business, the global potential. I know you gave really good details around channel mix dynamics by quarter. But just maybe for the audience, can you maybe just kind of size up where HOKA is in its international journey? How big is it overseas in  perspective and dollar perspective? I think you mentioned that the growth for 20% assumption for this year assumes no net new doors. But where are you on your journey for – potentially for China? Would you be open up to working with some local partners there to open up stores? Any color there as we think about focus potential would be great. Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yes. Thanks, Laurent. Happy to talk about HOKA. So thanks for the question. The first thing I would say is we’re in this sort of long game, and we feel like we have a very special, very, very strong brand with a lot of runway ahead of it. So in some ways, we’re in no rush, right? But we don’t want to flood the market ahead of demand. We want to control our product experiences. We want to segment across doors and consumers appropriately. And so we’re managing doing this the right way with exceptional growth at the same time. And so I think where the teams have done just an exceptional job, as you know, managing this in the marketplace across all of our channels, balancing the inventories, launching segmenting by consumer, and we’re going to continue to do that.  So if you look at the international growth, certainly, yes, there is more opportunity. I would say we’re still – I mean, the whole brand in many ways is in the early innings, but international is in the early innings, meaning that there is still a lot of things we need to do to make sure that we are managing the marketplace correctly. We have segmentation across the right doors. In some cases, we – in certain markets, such as Italy, we’re going to close some doors to have distribution that better represents the brand and working with our distributors to make sure that they have the right presentation of the brand in the marketplace. So if you look at Europe, yes, you’ll probably see some door closures this year, which is strategically done so that we can improve the presentation of the brand and the long-term health of the brand. If you look at a market like China, really early days, right? The COVID pandemic there, it’s set everybody back. It sets our brands back a little bit. I will say they both performed HOKA and UGG better than expected through COVID and some of the investments we’ve made are working well. And particularly to HOKA, we’re seeing solid success and the doors are opening. And we do have a number of partner doors. We have some key partners, some of the best at this in China that work with some of the bigger brands. And I agree with you. I think we can accelerate faster given that we don’t get ahead of demand in the marketplace and that we are improving awareness across these international markets at a better rate. And so that’s really our focus right now is, globally, I think awareness for the HOKA brand is around 24%, certainly lower in EMEA and China, as you can imagine. And so we need to build that demand. We need to build a representation of the brand in front of the consumer and the experience. And we’re really excited about those opportunities, and we see all these markets, including some distributor markets in the Asia Pacific region, as very exceptional growth opportunities for this brand. But as I said at the beginning, we’re going to manage it the right way for the health of the brand, health of the profitability, full price sell-through and consumer experience. So we’re at this for a long time.
Laurent Vasilescu: That’s great to hear. And then as a follow-up, Dave, I think you mentioned DTC will grow faster than wholesale. Maybe can you a little – unpack that a little bit more for the audience? Are you expecting that for across your two big brands? And if you have any color just what you’re seeing in the U.S. wholesale marketplace, particularly in the run channel, that would be great?
Dave Powers: Yes. So we are very focused and we have been, as you know, in our long-term strategy on building up our DTC business. And we’re getting better and better at it. We have exceptional teams doing this in our industry. We’re optimizing our marketing spend across all of our brands. It’s our most profitable channel. We gain all the consumer data information that we can leverage for lifetime value, expand categories for all of our brands. So when our DTC business grows, we all win, right? And so we’re going to continue to invest in that channel. Purposely, as we look across the marketplace, we want to funnel more of our business through DTC because of the things I just mentioned. And with our flexibility in our model and our ability to spend on marketing and our return on marketing spend, it just makes natural sense that we would drive more business to DTC. Now that doesn’t mean we don’t like wholesale and we’re going to pull back from wholesale. We want to be in wholesale in a positive way with the best partners, and that’s what we’re doing, as you know as well. So I think the long-term for this is ultimately get the company to probably around a 50% DTC wholesale mix. We think that’s optimal for our pull model and also for our flywheel of introducing new products to people in wholesale and then having them come into our ecosystem in DTC. That works well for all of our brands. And so you’re going to see both HOKA and UGG growing this year ahead at a faster rate in DTC than wholesale.
Laurent Vasilescu: Great. Continue success.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Laurent.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Laurent.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Komp from Baird. Please go ahead with your question. 
Jonathan Komp: Yes. Hi, thank you. Good afternoon. Just wanted to follow-up on the HOKA plans for the year and any more color to get to the 20% growth rate? What D2C growth you need within that? And then could you just remind us, given the comments about wholesale not growing doors, how did the door growth look – looking backwards for fiscal 2023? Just trying to understand how next year – or this year, I should say, looks different than last year?
Dave Powers: Yes. I don’t think we give specifics on the DTC specific growth by brand. But obviously, if we’re growing 20%, I can tell you that the DTC number is higher than that.
Steve Fasching: DTC is going to be higher than that and wholesale will be lower than that.
Dave Powers: Yes, yes. So – and again, that’s by design. I think what you’re seeing in net new doors across the chain, part of that is, like I mentioned in Europe. So if you think of that’s a global number. And so we set the marketplace for the long-term, you will have some door closures. And – but net-net, we’re not planning in our guidance any net new doors. Now one of the things we work really hard to do is evaluate our doors. And so we pay very close attention to the customer experience, the in-store presentation and the sell-through and the productivity of our doors that we carry HOKA in. And so as we look at adding new doors, we want to make sure that the doors we are in are performing at a high level. They are taking share. They are profitable for their account and then we can expand to doors after that. So we’re constantly evaluating that. There may be through the year opportunity to open more doors in strategic locations based on consumer demand and how the economy works. But we don’t want to flood the market, as I said. We don’t want to end up having a lot of promotions. We don’t know want to damage the brand from that perspective. We don’t want to take back inventory and sell it off price. We want this to be a premium brand for the long-term. And so I think it’s prudent, especially in this environment where we have some key accounts who are closing doors that we manage this effectively and planned for a year that is net neutral, but an opportunity for more as things progress.
Jonathan Komp: Yes, that makes sense. And just as a follow-up, sorry if I missed it. Did you say roughly how many doors you’re in and how that changed in fiscal ‘23?
Dave Powers: I don’t think we’ve shared that.
Steve Fasching: We didn’t give specific numbers, Jon, but we did increase number of doors throughout FY ‘23. So we will be anniversary in some of that in FY ‘24. So we will be getting the full year benefit in the wholesale channel related to those stores. So – but we haven’t given specific numbers. But yes, there was some door growth in ‘23 that will be anniversaried and is shown through wholesale growth in ‘24.
Dave Powers: Yes. And I would also say our productivity in the doors we’re in is very healthy, right, especially compared to some of our peer group. And then just one thing to note about run specialty and outdoor specialty, that is still a pinnacle marketplace for us. And so you won’t see door closures in that segment. Those are super healthy for us, really important for our category expansion and our customer and healthy margins, and we’re continuing to take share. And so that strategy has not changed.
Jonathan Komp: Okay. Great. And then just a follow-up if I could, Steve, on the gross margin comments. Just – so it’s crystal clear. Did you say about 52% for the first quarter? And I guess, if that’s the case, usually, it looks like the first quarter is below the full year, typically looking back. So I don’t know if there is something different this year? And maybe more broadly, is there anything that’s holding you back to getting back to that 53% level? Thank you.
Steve Fasching: Yes. So you’re right, Jon. What we’ve said on Q1 is similar to the full year. Some of that improvement that you’re talking about in the quarter, so Q1 is going to be driven by as we’ve talked about kind of a channel mix and a brand mix with HOKA being the contributor of growth there. So we’re going to get really some benefit there. And then as opposed to last year, we will get some ocean freight benefit in the quarter as well. And then just in terms of further opportunity, I think there it will be kind of how things play out from an economic standpoint, what we have factored in are the improvements from a freight standpoint and the benefit of ocean freight. I think the levers that we will be closely monitoring throughout the year will be levels of promotion. So if promotions are not at a level that we expect, there could be some potential there.
Dave Powers: Marketplace promotions.
Steve Fasching: Yes, marketplace promotions, and then foreign currency, right? So we’re assuming kind of foreign currency levels at current rates. So those will be the two that we’re kind of watching in the marketplace.
Jonathan Komp: Okay, very helpful. Thanks again.
Dave Powers: Alright. Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Poser from Williams Trading. Please go ahead with your question.
Sam Poser: Thanks for taking my question. Erinn, I have my normal question that I’m not even going to count as a question, and then we can move on from there.
Dave Powers: You want to ask it or you want to just tell you.
Sam Poser: Yes, I would love the breakdown of wholesale or direct-to-consumer by brand in dollars for the fourth quarter, please?
Erinn Kohler: Sure. Sam, I’ve got the full year here in front of me. I’ll give you the full year. You can back into Q4. So for global wholesale and distributor for UGG was $1.004 billion; HOKA, $925.9 million, Teva, $149.1 million; Sanuk, $27.7 million; and that leaves you with other $53.7 million.
Sam Poser: Thank you very much. Alright. So now let’s get to it. The – so number one, the inventory was in better shape than what I anticipated it would be. And could you give – you gave color on the last call about the inventory when it was high that the UGG inventory was down and HOKA was up significantly to support the sales. Can you, one, give us some color as to sort of what this looks like right now?
Steve Fasching: Yes. I’ll give you and we won’t give kind of numbers by brands, but I’ll give you kind of direction. So significant improvement in the UGG inventory as we did close out some seasonal non-carryover styles within the UGG brand in Q4 that helped drive some revenue, a little bit of pressure on the margin as we closed that out, but really positioned us much better. HOKA, some growth and as you would expect, with the growing brand that we do have with HOKA. So overall, I think the composition of inventory, we are very pleased with. So, given our sales rate growth, supporting a high-growth brand in HOKA, I think our inventory levels look really good for where we stand.
Sam Poser: And then lastly, the – your guidance for HOKA, interestingly you talked about your marketing spend and how you are increasing – you are strategically increasing your marketing spend against the HOKA brand. What was the HOKA initial plan marketing or how we want to talk about it in last year? And how much better does the brand do? I mean you mentioned good ROIC. So, how much of this ROIC is built into the guidance for the 20% increase? I believe last year, you started out HOKA at 30% to 35% increase and ended up with 58%. Now, that’s pretty darn good. So, is this – are you guiding in the same kind of manner you did last year, and we could easily end up seeing 40% here?
Steve Fasching: Yes. I will start. This is Steve. So Sam, I think the way we are looking at it is the growth that we saw with HOKA, clearly, the marketing we did drove demand. And so clearly, we benefited from that. Also, we were coming out of FY ‘22, where we had a large unmet demand with HOKA brand. So, that was driving a lot of the early in the year increases. I think what we saw throughout the year is continued productivity of our marketing spend. That’s where we were able to tailor some of our marketing spend to still achieve that 18% operating margin. So, even in the face of the currency headwinds, looking at the productivity of our marketing, we were able to drive some leverage in that respect. That’s not necessarily how we are looking at it in the same way for FY ‘24. We are looking to continue, as Dave mentioned earlier, to drive international global awareness around the HOKA brand. So, we are looking at increasing. We will see how productive that marketing spend is. Last year was also really the first year we benefited from a global campaign. So, probably experienced improved productivity over that. So, I just want to be careful on assumptions going into next year. But we will continue to invest in marketing. We continue to see high productivity of those dollars spend. We are increasing brand awareness, but we still, as Dave said, early innings and a long way to go here.
Dave Powers: Yes. And the marketing focus, as you have heard from us over the last few quarters right now is really on high level awareness of the brand. So, that’s on an international level. It’s not as quicker turnaround of the return on investment as you see on digital marketing going right to our website. This is out of home. This is higher level connected TV. These things take a little bit more time and need to be consistent and in front of the consumer to get them to then go to purchase. But yes, suffice to say, we are pleased with the direction. We are improving on the initial launch of Fly Human Fly this year, some very exciting updates and focused on a little bit more of the performance athlete in the marketing. And I think it’s going to have a positive impact, and there could be more upside, for sure.
Sam Poser: And one last thing, I mean you stated last year, you talked about building awareness for the brand, and I assume that is sort of long-term marketing dollars, working out for long-term health. But you have got short-term benefits from that. So, in fact, you are guiding the same way that you did last year, and you are not planning for that short-term benefits on the brand marketing. And then I am already got hit by a bunch of people based on one of your competitors. Can you just compare sort of your strategy to this unknown competitor from Europe that – because I think there is a difference here, especially on the wholesale side?
Dave Powers: Yes. I understand the philosophy or the thinking why people would compare the two brands. They are both new. They are both incredibly high growth, exceptional product, but very different in, I think in the makeup of where our brand plays in a very authentic performance space, both in trail and outdoor and road running, and we are committed to that long-term performance. I think certainly, people are wearing our shoes on casual occasions and for comfort and walking. But at the end of the day, we are a hardcore performance brand. When it comes down to distribution, we are operating in a pull model. And I think that has served us incredibly successfully. I think my background, you look at folks like Stefano and our new President coming from Nike and other companies that have done this for many years, we know how to do this. And we know it works, and we are all committed to the long-term success of this brand and Deckers. And so it’s worked well for UGG, it’s working well for HOKA. We love having demand ahead of supply. I think that’s just the healthy way to run a business. And I think that’s good for a company like ours that we have premium brands and premium distribution. I think if you compare it to other brands, you could look at Underarm over the years or other brands that have grown really, really fast. And a push model is – it’s a model because sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn’t, but it’s an approach. And it’s really around maxing out distribution, putting product in front of consumers. There is a big hope there. You are hoping it sells through and you get the reorders in the next year, and you don’t have inventory left over. But we prefer as a company who is really focused on building emotional connection with our brand and growing premium brands, we prefer the push – the pull model. And we are going to continue with that. Now, it doesn’t mean we are going to hold back too much and not be opportunistic and grow as fast as we can. But Sam, we are going to do it in a quality way.
Sam Poser: Okay. Thanks very much and good luck.
Dave Powers: Thanks Sam.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Nikic from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead with your question.
Tom Nikic: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Following up on Laurent’s question earlier about U.S. wholesale, I want to ask about UGG. Obviously, UGG has a big department store presence and kind of it sounds like department stores are feeling a little skittish about the macro environment and some – you also – we got bad result last week from mall-based sneaker store that has been investing in your brand in the last couple of years. So, just how are your wholesale partners thinking about UGG for the peak fall-winter season this year? And do you have innovation in the pipeline to kind of keep them engaged following some of the strong holiday results you have had in the last couple of years? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yes. Thanks Tom. It’s a good question. I think we all realized that last year, we left a little bit of money on the table with UGG. And so all of our accounts, even the mall-based athletic store, could have done more business on UGG last fall. We had a really, really strong success with our Ultra Mini, our Platform Classics, our Tasman, our Tas platform. We left money on the table. The demand is higher than we were able to supply. People still want those products, even though it’s six months later, and it’s a big opportunity for us going into the fall. At the same time, the one thing I would say and maybe a little bit biased, of course, but key accounts, including some of the lifestyle athletic accounts for us want UGG. They need UGG, it’s high price point, it’s high margin, it sells through incredibly well. And so while their overall business may be a little bit more conservative or pulling back a little bit, there is a handful of brands right now that are winning, and UGG is one of them. And you can see it from our metrics around our consumers, our rates of adoption, an acquisition in the 18 to 34 the consumers, the brand heat is stronger than ever. UGG is a very, very healthy brand right now. And because of the work we have done on inventory, it’s a very clean brand in the marketplace. And it’s set up perfectly for fall, where we are going to have inventory in key styles, and that’s one of the things that our new President, Anne and her team have been working on is tailoring the line, making sure that we have a really strong portfolio of heritage classics with modern updates. And the innovation pipeline is really exciting. And so I wouldn’t read into the numbers as there is a challenge out there with distribution. We are worried about the brand. We are going to focus growth into DTC and key accounts, put forward an exceptional product assortment with inventory behind it, and we should have a good season.
Tom Nikic: Great to hear. Thanks very much and best of luck of this year.
Dave Powers: Thanks Tom.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Nardone from Bank of America. Please go ahead with your question.
Chris Nardone: Hey guys. Thanks for taking the question. I would like to go back to the HOKA distribution strategy. First, can you clarify what percentage of your HOKA wholesale business comes from the specialty channel today? And do you still think there is opportunity to take share in that specific market segment? And then I have a follow-up.
Dave Powers: Yes. We haven’t shared how much the run specialty channel is. It’s roughly 1,100 doors in North America, but we haven’t given the mix of business. But it’s meaningful. And strategically, it’s very, very important. And I can tell you that we are continuing to take share. We are not number one yet. And so as long as we are not number one, there is opportunity to take share and we are doing that. And I was at the UGG sales meeting last week that we had was the first one in person in 3 years and talking to a lot of our distributors and some of the accounts that were there. And they are all saying the same thing. They are seeing declines in other brands and increases in HOKA, a little bit less of this case in North America. But that’s how we take share, and we are going to continue to do that and serve that channel with innovation and support.
Chris Nardone: Got it. That’s very clear. And then just in terms of the guidance of 20% range for HOKA this year total, and that includes no new doors. I just want to confirm the strategy with Foot Locker and Dick’s Sporting Goods. Have you talked about how many doors you are in today? And are you still growing in those two accounts, and that’s just not included in the guidance?
Steve Fasching: Yes. So Chris, this is Steve. I will take that one. The – what we have said, right, we have not named kind of specific partners in the space in terms of number of doors. And so when we say on a global basis, as Dave was talking about before, we are looking across the globe in terms of there will be some accounts that have door expansions, there will have some accounts that may have door contraction. And as Dave mentioned, we are going to look at productivity of doors. So, that doesn’t mean that we aren’t going to open new doors. What it means is we may open some doors with some accounts, and we are going to close doors with other accounts. But we haven’t talked specifically about which accounts or which partners, and we haven’t given door accounts by those accounts.
Dave Powers: But I would say, we are very pleased with the productivity we are seeing in both Dick’s and Foot Locker.
Chris Nardone: Alright. Great. Thanks guys. Good luck.
Dave Powers: Thanks Chris.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Sole from UBS. Please go ahead with your question.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much. Dave, you talked about DTC and HOKA and DTC growing faster than wholesale. Can you just talk about HOKA stores that you have opened up? I know you have experimented with some pop-up stores and things like that. Give us a sense of what your learnings have been and what your outlook is for the kind of store – owned store footprint, you think hope you can have over time?
Dave Powers: Yes. Happy to talk about that. We are very pleased with how the HOKA stores are performing. We are in early days of HOKA retail, and we want to make sure that we get the experience right, that our customers are served in a premium way. We have the right assortments. And so when you knew it takes a little bit of time to work those kinks out and create a premium experience. And I think the teams have done a great job on that. We are going to be evolving our store design, which is another important component of store. We want to get that right when we open. And so we are doing a lot of pop-ups in the U.S. to test markets, test appetite, test the experience. We will have our first full-time store soon in New York City. I think some of you guys are going to see that in a few weeks and look forward to your feedback. And then we are looking to do that in certain markets internationally as well. Long-term, we see DTC and stores obviously as an important part of our mix. Retail stores will continue to grow at – not at a rate above the company but in line with the company’s growth and in line with HOKA’s expansion over time. But we do think retail for HOKA in North America, Europe and particularly China as a place to experience the brand, head to toe and get to know the brand better is important in key markets. And it will be a component, but not a major component over time. That may change as we build out apparel and accessories for the long-term. But at this point, we see it as modifier to our DTC business versus the leader of growth.
Jay Sole: Okay. That’s helpful. If I can just because you also mentioned that HOKA is still early innings, especially internationally. And at the same time, you are guiding to 20% growth for HOKA this year. I think there is a question out there. Obviously, fiscal ‘23 has huge growth, talking about a little bit of a slower growth rate this year. The question is like, what should investors understand like what’s the long-term opportunity for HOKA? I mean, $1.4 billion in sales at the end of this year. I mean do you see this as a $2 billion brand, is it a $3 billion brand over time? Like I think people are trying to figure out if – how much of that early innings will translate into bigger sales growth versus sales growth rate that is lower this year than last year? And what exactly we should really be thinking about for HOKA big picture?
Dave Powers: Yes. So, I would – the thing I would say is pretty soon, we will be a $2 billion brand. We have line of sight for that over the next couple of years, and I think you can do the math and figure that out. And then when you manage that against the level of awareness we have on a global level, it just shows you how much more opportunity we have with a brand like UGG, who is $2 billion already, but their global awareness is much, much higher than HOKA. So, there is just a tremendous white space for this brand to grow if you look at it from that perspective. When we look at how many people still haven’t heard of the brand and what we know about people who do hear about the brand and try it, what that means from a lifetime value perspective, it’s a numbers game. But we do believe that through our innovation engine, through the repeat purchase of our consumer, word of mouth on this brand, desire from accounts who want the brand at a global level. And then you think about category expansion beyond road running, into trail running, into hike, outdoor lifestyle athletics, kids, apparel, etcetera, this is certainly a multibillion-dollar opportunity. And we have a lot of confidence in the product teams and the marketing teams and the global leadership teams that we have established through our omnichannel marketplace management under Stefano and team over the years. Our partnerships with key accounts, we know how to do this. We just want to make sure we do it right. And – but we certainly see this as a multibillion-dollar opportunity for this brand.
Jay Sole: Got it. Thank you so much.
Dave Powers: You bet.
Operator: And our final question today comes from Abbie Zvejnieks from Piper Sandler. Please go ahead with your question.
Abbie Zvejnieks: Hi. I just have two quick ones. Just on the wholesale growth, I hope that obviously slowed a little bit. I know you talked about not wanting to flood the market. But can you talk about this any impact from more cautious orders from your wholesale partners, just given the pressures consumer discretionary spending? And then can you give a little bit of an update on the apparel businesses at both HOKA and UGG? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Sure. I would say no cautiousness we are seeing. So, it’s really – if there is any cautiousness that’s in managing their total open to buy and being smart with – in regards to the economic climate right now. But as far as cautiousness on the HOKA brand, we are not seeing any. And as I mentioned, for our productivity in these doors, our turns or some of the best-in-class, if not the best-in-class in certain run specialty accounts. And so if anything, as we said, there is more opportunity there as we look to expand over the years. But right now, the order book this year, I wouldn’t say there is any cautiousness at all. On apparel, it’s a good question. We have talked about apparel here and there for both UGG and HOKA. I think for UGG, we got off to a good start. And then with new leadership and taking a more critical eye, we want to make sure that we have the right line and the right assortment of products in the marketplace. And so we are taking a little bit of a pause on growing that business to get the assortment right, get the design right, make sure that the lounge collection, has the same DNA as the ready-to-wear collection. If you go into one of our department store partners and look at the lounge product and then you go into our own store, there is a disconnect between lounge and ready-to-wear. So, we want to clean that up. We also are excited about the winter collection that we are launching this year with more cold weather outerwear and product and boots. I think that’s going to be a big part of it. So, what you are seeing now in UGG is really just a reset of the apparel strategy for the long-term. On the HOKA side, as I mentioned, I was at the HOKA sales meeting last week. Our new designer that we hired a little 1.5 years ago, I think in HOKA, this is the first major collection that she has put forward. The response was very, very exciting by the audience there, and it looks really good and there is some innovative pieces in there. So again, this is a long plan for us to think the product that you are going to see starting in fall ‘23 and spring ‘24 and apparel for HOKA is getting better and better, but we are going to start with DTC and a few select accounts and grow and build the demand and then supply the demand as it comes. So, long-term strategy, certainly opportunities in the hundreds of millions for both brands over time, but with new leadership in place and resetting the marketplace, we want to get the product right.
Abbie Zvejnieks: Got it. Thank you.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: And with that, we will be ending today’s question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for any closing remarks.
Dave Powers: Yes. No additional comments for us. Thanks for joining everybody and we look forward to speaking to you next quarter.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that will conclude today’s conference call and presentation. We thank you for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-02-02 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Third Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, VP, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning. Please go ahead.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you, everyone for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements, and include statements regarding our current and long-term strategic objectives, changes in consumer behavior, strength of our brands, demand for our products, product distribution strategies, marketing plans and strategies, disruptions to our supply chain and logistics, our anticipated revenues, brand performance, product mix, margins, expenses, inventory level, and promotional activity, and the impacts of the macroeconomic environment on our operations and performance, including fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management’s current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. On this call, management may refer to financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States, including constant currency. In addition, the company reports comparable direct to consumer sales on a constant currency basis, for operations that were opened throughout the current and prior reporting periods. The company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are important indicators of its operating performance because they exclude items that are unrelated to, and may not be indicative of, its core operating results. With that, I’ll now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining today’s call. I’m pleased to be here today highlighting another record quarter for Deckers Brands, as our teams were once again have able to successfully execute against our long-term strategic objectives to deliver standout results in a dynamic consumer environment. Our fiscal third quarter record setting results include, $1.35 billion in consolidated revenue, reflecting a reported 13% increase versus the prior year, and diluted earnings per share of $10.48. here as a progress during the third quarter included HOKA delivering record revenue of $352 million as a brand more than doubled its DTC business, while demonstrating momentum across the product line and significantly increased wholesale through both market share gains and select new strategic access points. UGG increasing its mix of business in DTC to 60%, up from 54% last year as the brand drove an 8% increase in the channel. Total portfolio DTC increasing 19% versus last year, to represent 52% of volume with both HOKA and UGG contributing to this mix shift, an all-time-high for the third quarter, and our international revenue increasing 12% on a reported basis, and growing 25% on a constant currency basis, when adjusting for the significant FX headwinds. Deckers delivered exceptional performance in the quarter and continued progress with respect to our long-term objectives. Notably, our brands commanded strong full-price selling despite a highly promotional marketplace during the holiday season. While our brands did experience more normalized promotions relative to extremely low levels in the past few years, we were able to avoid significant discounting due to the strength of consumer demand for our products, as well as disciplined marketplace management through our omnichannel approach. I’m thankful for the leaders throughout our organization who continue to prioritize long-term brand health and remain committed to our strategic pillars, allowing Deckers to maintain top-tier profitability. Our brands are well positioned for calendar 2023 as we end our fiscal year 2024 in April. Steve will provide further details in our updated guidance for this fiscal year, as well as how we’re thinking about the arduous macroeconomic environment. For now, let’s get into the brand highlights for the third quarter, starting with UGG. Global UGG revenue in the third quarter was $930 million, down 2% versus last year on a reported basis, but up low single digits on a constant currency basis. Overall, consumer demand for UGG was strong in the quarter as the brand delivered global gains in DTC across genders and categories, driven by a 21% increase in acquired consumers and a 17% increase in retained consumers. The UGG brands’ healthy DTC performance was offset by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rate impacts across all channels, as well as lower wholesale revenue. This wholesale decline resulted from the unique shipment timing dynamics discussed at the outset of this fiscal year, which included an expectation that the third quarter would be impacted. Specifically, these earlier shipments drove temporarily elevated levels of inventory in the channel. As a result, and in line with our marketplace management strategies, the UGG brands’ attention shifted to selling through product already in the channel, to strategically reduce marketplace inventory, allowing DTC to capture demand upside, and limiting the need for excess promotional activity. From a style and franchise perspective, UGG continues to find success with fresh updates of iconic styles. Throughout the year, consumers have continued to migrate to fashions that are uniquely UGG, such as the Classic Mini and Tasman, as well as more versatile derivatives of these products. The consumer demand for these products was quiet strong, and certain style color combinations even led to out of stocks. Our measured approach to buying aimed at driving improved inventory levels, combined with the high level of demand for these products, led to some scarcity in the marketplace. We see this approach as an effective tool to fuel demand and we’ll continue to optimize our pull model to bounce future supply. With respect to how these styles are performed, we’re encouraged to see the continued strength of adoption from the brands’ target segment of 18 to 34 year olds. Among this segment in the US, the Classic Short remain the top seller, but the strongest growth came from the Classic Mini and Ultra Mini styles which ranked second and third, respectively. Platform Classics were also extremely popular with this age group, likely resulting from the brand heat generated through unpaid product gifting to A list celebrities which helped drive the hashtag, Platform UGGs as the brands’ number one social trending topic in the quarter. Among 18 to 34 year old males in the US, UGG brand consideration reached an all-time-high in the third quarter, UGG has increasingly seen this segment of consumers adopt versatile slipper hybrids like the Tasman and Classic Slip-On as consumers continue broadening their wearing occasions of iconic styles. Beyond these hybrids, male consumers gravitated towards heritage winter boots such as [Fluff Yeah] [ph] as well as weatherized versions of iconic styles like the [inaudible]. Brand heat remains at an all-time-high based on the exciting new products designed for the brands target audience. Supplementing these fantastic inline products, our teams developed heat season, UGG continues to build fashion credibility through collaborations. The most recent of which was with designer Shayne Oliver, the founder of Hood by Air, Shayne’s futuristic take on UGG Classics was covered by several high profile outlets, including Vogue, Complex and Hypebeast. These aspirational style continue to drive excitement in the line and bringing awareness to a new audience of consumers. From an international standpoint, UGG showed growth on a constant currency basis, despite revenue being down versus last year on a reported basis. This was led by DTC as acquired and retained consumers in the channel each grew 38% versus the prior year. International wholesale was down versus last year, as UGG lapped the supply chain disruption which pushed additional shipments into the prior years’ third quarter. Strength in the UGG brands international regions is largely attributed to the successful ongoing marketplace reset activities completed over the last few years, which included a revamped approach to product and marketing, helping drive greater synergies in product adoption across the globe. Overall, we’re very pleased with the performance UGG this fall. The brand continues to attract new consumers and drive more business through direct to consumer with a loyalty program that now has massed over 7 million members worldwide. We feel great about the brands’ ability that offset more normalized promotional activity through a strategic shift in channel mix, which also helped reduce marketplace inventories heading into the spring 2023 season. We expect UGG to finish the fiscal year in a position of strength as demand for the brands’ compelling products that are resonating with consumers globally has never been stronger. Shifting to HOKA. Global revenue for the third was $352 million, representing an increase of 91% versus last year on a reported basis. Another quarterly revenue record for HOKA. Just two quarters ago, we celebrated HOKA achieving $1 billion of revenue on a trailing 12-month basis, and with the quarter just delivered, the brand has now eclipsed $1 billion of revenue over the last nine months, ended December 2022. HOKA growth in the third quarter was driven by share gains with one specialty account in the wholesale channel as product flow improved this year relatively to last, allowing HOKA to increase sell through, added points of distribution with select strategic accounts as the brand has been slowly expanding throughout the year, global DTC revenue more than doubling versus last year, as consumer acquisition and retention increased 95% and 109%, respectively. And a favorable comparable period as wholesale shipments were disrupted in the prior year due primarily to port congestion. We believe the Fly Human Fly marketing campaign has been a key catalyst for the HOKA brands’ DTC strength throughout the year which has driven a higher growth rate than wholesale on each quarter thus far this fiscal year. During the third quarter, targeted marketing activations in Chicago and New York City helped drive a 22% increase in brand awareness, a 27% in consideration and a 33% increase on purchase intent in these markets over the next six months. We also believe these markets have seen a halo effect from the additional brand visibility created by popup stores which have continued to perform well for HOKA. In particular, we saw a significant gains among 18 to 34 year old consumers, who in the US and EMEA drove the largest year-over-year increase of any age group during the third quarter. We have been increasingly encouraged by the broad product adoption from females in this coveted demographic, who appeared to be actively searching hoka.com for what is new and exciting on a regular basis. Giving us confidence and the investments we’re making to build brand awareness globally. The all new [Solimar] [ph], our cross trainer is the perfect example of this trend. The Solimar launched earlier this fall without significant marketing dedicated to the shoe, but still landed in a top five of styles purchased by females aged 18 to 34 years old in this quarter. HOKA is also resonating well with males in this demographic, but we see a great deal of more opportunity to further expose the brands’ product depths by testing access points to specialize and serving this target consumer. Importantly, even with the expansion beyond run specialty distribution, the brand has hyper-focused on delivering in that core channel as well. According to aggregated US run specialty store data, during December, HOKA increased market share by 5 percentage points versus last year, delivered the highest average product turns and maintain a gross margin well above the channel average. In terms of our wholesale partner access points in the third quarter, we are extremely proud of the HOKA brands’ performance as that continued to build market share in a highly competitive marketplace. With the strength of consumer demand for the brand, HOKA was able to maintain its high percentage of full-price business even with the incremental access points with strategic accounts. Though early days in some of the brands’ new doors, the feedback on HOKA performance has been exceptional. On the product side, HOKA has continued to introduce award-winning footwear, in October, HOKA was featured in the 2022 Men’s Health Sneaker Awards with Bondi 8 being chosen for the most comfortable cushion, and the Kaha 2 GORE-TEX noted as the best hiking sneaker boot. In addition, Outside Magazine published its Winter Gear Guide for 2023, selecting the Mafate Speed 4 as the best shoe for fast in rugged trail runs. All of us at Deckers are excited for what is to come for the HOKA brand, starting with a couple of innovative product launches planned for the fourth quarter and more to come in fiscal year 2024 and beyond. In terms of consolidated channel performance in the third quarter, we saw strong growth in both global DTC and wholesale, but the majority of revenue growth was driven by global DTC which increased 19% versus last year on a reported basis, and 22% on a DTC comparable basis. DTC’s strength was driven by impressive global consumer acquisition and retention across the entire portfolio, which increased 44% and 38%, respectively. From a dollar growth perspective, global HOKA DTC volume more than doubled and UGG DTC increased 8% on a reported basis versus the prior year, driving over $100 million of combined incremental revenue. On the wholesale side, consolidated global revenue increased 8% on a reported basis versus last year. Growth was driven by HOKA brand market share gains and existing points of distribution as well as incremental business from added doors with select strategic accounts. For the total portfolio, the increased HOKA volume was partially offset by lower wholesale shipments for UGG, where the brand focused on selling through existing inventory to reduce the need for promotional activity. Evidencing this success and illustrating the underlying brand heat during the season, UGG wholesale units sell through in the US increased mid-single-digits in fall ‘22 as compared to fall 2021. With the exceptional demand our brands were able to capture through DTC combined with a strategic actions taken on the UGG wholesale front, our third quarter DTC mix increased from 50% last year to 52% this year. In the third quarter, our brands achieved the highest DTC mix ever for our historically largest quarter, which represents great progress towards our long-term objective of a 50% mix of DTC business to the entire fiscal year across the portfolio. Alongside our disciplined omnichannel approach, I would like to share out our amazing design teams that continually bring compelling new products to market. The combination of these talented teams create the exceptional experience with our products that consumers have come to love and expect from our brands. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Steve to provide further details on the third quarter performance and an update on our fiscal year 2023 guidance.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave and good afternoon, everyone. Adding to Dave’s remarks, I would like to express how encouraged we are with the performance of our brands as we continue to operate in a very dynamic consumer environment. We are fortunate that our two largest brands are very healthy and proving resilience in a highly competitive marketplace, due primarily to their differentiated and compelling product offering. While HOKA continues to drive incredible growth as again shown in this quarter, UGG was able to deliver relatively flat reported revenue, as compared to last year’s record revenue in a much more difficult consumer and macroeconomic environment that included a significant foreign exchange rate impact. In constant currency, the UGG brand delivered growth of low-single-digits in the quarter. Our organization’s continued commitment to long-term strategic decision-making and disciplined approach to spending in an unchartered environment propelled Deckers to yet another record quarter. Now, let’s get to the specifics of the third quarter financial performance. Third quarter fiscal 2023 revenue was $1.346 billion, representing an increase of 13% versus prior year. On a constant currency basis, revenue grew 17.5% versus last year. Growth in the quarter was driven by continued expansion of HOKA, which more than doubled its global DTC business through impressive increases in consumer acquisition and online retention, and increased wholesale revenue by 83% versus last year due to market share gains and select increased points of distribution with strategic partners. HOKA also benefited from an easier comparison to last year’s third quarter when wholesale shipments were disrupted by inventory delays that resulted from port congestion. Gross margin for the third quarter was 53%, which is up 70 basis points from last year’s 52.3%. The most material drivers of gross margin in the quarter were a significant benefit from reduced freight costs, which was partially offset by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates as compared to the prior year period. Additional gross margin impacts in the quarter included benefits from favorable channel mix with DTC growing faster than wholesale, favorable brand mix as the sales of our HOKA brand increased and price increases implemented at the end of last year. These were partially offset from more normalized promotions and closeout activity for UGG relative to minimal discounting last year. SG&A dollar spent in the third quarter was $350 million, up 7% versus last year’s $328 million. As a percent of revenue, SG&A was 160 basis points lower than last year, primarily due to benefits in the quarter from foreign currency remeasurement. But it still remains a headwind in the fiscal year-to-date through December, and a lower ratio of marketing to sales as we shifted the timing of HOKA campaign spent into the fourth quarter to align with the launch of spring 2023. Our tax rate was 23.7%, which is higher than last year’s 20.5% primarily due to jurisdictional mix of business. These results combined with favorable interest income relative to last year, and a lower share count drove earnings per share to $10.48, which is more than $2 and 24% higher than last year’s $8.42 per share. Turning to our balance sheet. At December 31st, 2022, we ended this fiscal third quarter with $1.058 billion of cash and equivalents. Inventory was $723 million, up 31% versus the same point in time last year, primarily to support the continued growth of the HOKA brand, which was light on inventory in the prior year due to factory delays, with some offset from UGG inventory being down year-over-year, and during the period we had no outstanding borrowings. During the third quarter, we repurchased approximately $45 million worth of shares at an average price of $350.25. As of December 31st, 2022, the company had approximately $1.46 billion of remaining authorized for share repurchases. Now, moving to our updated outlook for full fiscal year 2023. We are increasing our full year revenue guidance to be up 11% to 12% from our previous range of up 10% to 11%. This increase now equates to a full year revenue range of $3.50 billion to $3.53 billion. This is being driven by HOKA upside as the brand continues to exceed expectations in DTC and build market share across global wholesale access points. Reflecting this update, HOKA growth is now expected to increase in the low 50% range for the fiscal year 2023 as compared to fiscal year 2022, implying more than $450 million of incremental revenue versus last year. The HOKA brands increased fiscal year revenue guide now implies a second half growth rate in the high 40% to low 50% range, with total dollar volume that is slightly greater than the first half, reflecting the brands’ balanced revenue across the year. Due to last year’s supply chain disruption that impacted quarterly wholesale revenue timing, the HOKA brands’ growth rate in the fourth quarter will be lower than the brands’ typical run rate. With that said, we expect to see continued robust DTC demand from consumers driving strong growth in that channel. UGG revenue is still expected to be down mid-single-digits on a reported basis, implying a year-over-year decline in the fourth quarter as the brand laps abnormal events in the prior year. As a reminder, in the fourth quarter of last year, UGG had late arriving fall inventory, which wholesale customers would historically cancel, but instead they kept their orders preferring to procure inventory on the earlier side for the future seasons. This resulted in additional growth in the prior year fourth quarter that is not expected to be repeated. Additionally, UGG DTC benefited from backorder product that shipped in January last year. Further, of all our brands, UGG is the most globally exposed brand, and as a result, continues to face the most significant headwinds from an unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates as compared to last year. Beyond our increased revenue outlook for full fiscal year 2023, gross margin is still expected to be approximately 50.5%, SG&A as a percentage of sales is still expected to be approximately 33%; operating margin is still expected to be in the range of 17.5% to 18%. Our effective tax rate is still expected to be approximately 22%. And our increased diluted earnings per share is now expected to be in the range of $18 to $18.50. As a reminder, due to the disruptive nature of how the second half of last year played out, the company pushed hard to improve the availability of our products earlier this year, and that strategy has served us well, and due to this push, more products shipped earlier this year, and that, combined with currency headwinds have placed pressure on the reported percentage growth in the fourth quarter. With that said, we believe viewing our increased expectation for the full fiscal year more holistically is a better measure of the progress our brands are making. In this context, we are delivering on what we said and have continued to increase our full fiscal year outlook, despite a harsher impact from foreign currency fluctuations, as compared to initial expectations at the outset of this year. Please note, this guidance excludes any charges that may be considered one-time in nature, and does not contemplate any impact from additional share repurchases. Additionally, our guidance assumes no meaningful deterioration of current risks and uncertainties, which include, but are not limited to, further supply chain disruptions, constraints and related expenses, labor shortages, inflationary pressure, changes in consumer confidence and recessionary pressures, further strengthening of the US dollar and geopolitical tensions. As we approach the end of our fiscal year, I wanted to provide further context around the state of our business. On Logistics, the level of disruption, delays and corresponding freight costs relative to the same point in time last year has continued to improve, though they remain elevated versus pre-pandemic levels. While the ongoing outbreak in China is not currently impacting footwear production or transit times in a material way. We are experiencing some minimal operational hurdles, and we’ll continue to watch this situation closely. In terms of inventory, we’ve continued to see improvement in the ratio of inventory growth to sales growth over the last few quarters, as was signaled in our expectations throughout this year. While still working to optimize levels, we feel good about our current inventory position, which is up over last year to satisfy increased HOKA demand. We still anticipate unique year-over-year comparisons based on disruption in the supply chain, as well as the dynamics of the HOKA brands’ increasing mix of both revenue and inventory, especially as it’s more even quarterly revenue cadence compared to UGG. Regarding promotional activity, as we have discussed over the last few quarters, the marketplace has become increasingly influenced by higher levels of markdown activity. While our brands have maintained a high percentage of full price business, there has been a return to more normalized levels of promotion experienced prior to the pandemic, particularly with the UGG brand. HOKA has largely avoided additional discounting beyond the historical model update flow. Given the dynamics of the marketplace, which is dealing with higher channel inventory, we are well positioned having managed inventory into the wholesale channel, while leveraging our DTC capabilities, selling earlier and at higher margins, gaining share and exceeding our original expectations on the year. On currency, we’ve continued to experience impacts on our results from unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates. In the fourth quarter, we are expecting an approximate impact of $20 million to revenue, and our expected headwind for the full fiscal year 2023 remains at approximately $100 million. Finally, as we finish out our fiscal year 2023 and look to deliver another exceptional year, we are also reflecting on the actions we took to manage our expense base and the tradeoffs made to deliver these results. While we are not yet providing guidance for fiscal year 2024, and as our business expands, we will continue to review and invest in those areas that will drive the organization forward, especially as we start to see gross margin expansion. In this highly competitive environment, those further investments will support talent, innovation, technology, and enterprise infrastructure, which are all critical to our continued success. Thanks, everyone. And now I’ll hand the call back to Dave for his final remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Steve. We are proud of our strong results and ability to navigate a challenged consumer landscape through our marketplace managing strategies tailored to each of our unique brands. Exiting the holiday season, we are encouraged by and have great confidence in the strength of our brands and the exciting future ahead. With the brand heat we’re seeing on HOKA and UGG in particular, we feel Deckers is well positioned. Both brands operate on a pull model, and we believe the strong relationships our brands have built with key wholesale partners will serve us well. Deckers’ strategic brand marketplace management, omnichannel capabilities and flexible operating model continue to be the driving forces behind our company’s sustained success. But Deckers’ success is ultimately made possible by the hardworking employees who go above and beyond to deliver consistent results aligned with our long-term strategic goals. Thank you, everyone for joining us on the call today. And thanks to all of our stakeholders for your continued support. We look forward to sharing more as we continue to build towards Deckers’ exciting future. With that, I’ll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] And our first question today will come from Laurent Vasilescu with Exane BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Aubrey Tianello: Hey, everyone. This is Aubrey Tianello on for Laurent. Can you guys hear me okay?
Dave Powers: Yep –
Steve Fasching: We can hear you.
Dave Powers: Welcome.
Aubrey Tianello: All right, thanks for taking our questions. Wanted to start on the wholesale side, up 8% in the quarter, I think last quarter you talked about the channel being down slightly in 2H. Maybe just talk about what you’re seeing in that channel, how it’s progressed versus 90 days ago?
Dave Powers: Yeah, you’re talking about second half or Q3, Q4? What specifically are you talking about the quarter?
Aubrey Tianello: The wholesale up 8% in the quarter. But I think you spoke to wholesale being down slightly in 2H on the last call. Just any you know color you can give on whether that’s still the view or if something’s changed?
Dave Powers: Yeah, I let Steve get into specifics. But I think you know, a lot of this and he will explain this in more detail as the call goes on. But it’s just the timing of deliveries versus last year. So that’s the big part of the dynamic and then shifts between Q3 and Q4. But Steve I don’t know if you have more color on that.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I think you know, when we get into the quarterly discussion, it’s a little bit about what we alluded to at the beginning of the year. We knew that given – coming out again, Q4, just to remind everyone, where we shipped product last year in Q4, that was going to impact Q3 and Q4 of this year in terms of wholesale growth. So we took the opportunity to sell products in. We had wholesale customers participating and wanting to hold some of that product that they didn’t sell in Q4, which we knew would impact Q3 and Q4 of this year. So I think, as we see Q3 and Q4 play out, it’s much to our expectation and a little bit better, which is why we are increasing our full year outlook. We knew kind of between quarters, there would be some disruption in the current year, again, why we didn’t guide quarterly. But I think continuing to see strong demand with our wholesalers. This is a bit of you know impact from pandemic and supply chain disruption experienced last year, still playing through this year. It is impacting how we see wholesale growth in the current year, but we knew that, right and it goes a little bit back to the point I made in the prepared remarks, which was, we were going to take every opportunity to get products in early in the year to make sure that we have an opportunity for strong sell through during the season, which is exactly what we’ve seen. And our brands continue to perform well and resonate with customers. So both on the UGG side, and especially as you can see in the numbers on the HOKA side. So, again, really pleased with our performance, again, don’t want to get hung up on quarterly percentage changes, because really, we’re measuring the health of the business on the year and that’s our outlook on the race for the year.
Dave Powers: Yeah, and I think just as a reminder, you know, Q3 last year, we were in some cases starved for inventory. And we, you know, brought inventory that we could have sold in Q3 brought in in Q4 for both UGG and HOKA, and the wholesalers were happy to take it at that time, and particularly for UGG, they were happy to fill up on kind of core styles, knowing that they would carry it into Q3 this year, and that dynamic has played out. But now we’re comping, you know, those increased shipments in Q4 last year. But overall, as Steve said, the brands are very healthy, full price sales throughout our wholesale partners is strong and the demand from them is still there. But keep in mind, they’re also working through you know, inventory situation, a lot of promotional activity in the marketplace, and then working through their own inventory. So they’re careful about who they bring in for brands. And fortunately, our brands are very, very strong. So they’re prioritizing us, but they still have a lot of inventory from other brands to work through in this environment.
Aubrey Tianello: Hey, got it. Very clear. And then on HOKA, if I can just ask a follow-up. You mentioned expanding through strategic access points on wholesale. Can you maybe just give a little more detail on that? Would the opportunity looks like there to expand? HOKA in the wholesale channel outside of specialty running? And kind of what the strategy is there? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yeah, I’m happy to talk about that. And this is, you know, I would say on a global scale, we are very selective of who we sell HOKA to in wholesale. We’re always prioritizing the run specialty channel, that’s our bread and butter and the authenticity of the brand. But you know, we’re strong in places like REI, we’ve expanded doors index in the third quarter. And as we mentioned in the call that’s growing very well. We’re in a handful of footlocker doors, but right now we’re not really looking to expand too many more doors in wholesale, we’re focused on healthy sell through and expanding categories. And then, you know, as we saw in Q3, DTC is exceptionally strong. And we want to continue to you know, drive the growth strategically in wholesale, create awareness, get in front of the right consumers, but ultimately drive as much business as we can through DTC, because for all the right reasons, margin, consumer data, lifetime value. So it’s a healthy balance and this is a good reflection of our strategy towards ultimately being a 50% DTC company, you can see how this is working in this quarter.
Aubrey Tianello: Thank you so much.
Dave Powers: You bet.
Operator: Thank you. And the next question will be from Jonathan Komp with Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Yeah, hi. Good afternoon. I want to ask first just about the UGG brand. It looks like you’ve had some incredible heat for a few of the styles that were hard to get from the consumer side. So I’m curious just how you view availability and your plans for things like the platforms in the Ultra? And then what type of response are you seeing from wholesalers who maybe didn’t have much of that product, but presumably would want some at some point looking forward?
Dave Powers: Yeah, I can share with you my inbox of emails of people looking for those styles. So you know, I think to take it up to a higher level as we’re managing through our inventory in the UGG brand you know, we pulled back a little bit on how much we invested in some of these new styles, not anticipating how strong the consumer demand for them would be. So you know, the platform styles, the Tas, the Ultra Mini, those styles, you know, in many cases sold out to the piece. And so, we missed some opportunity there. The good news is that wholesalers want more, the consumer wants more. And we’ve realized that these extended Classics, you know, in more iterations of core classics would keep our brand DNA intact, are resonating very, very well with particularly younger consumers. But I would say all consumers, and then on a global scale. So you know, you can feel confident that we’re going to continue on that path and developing these styles, take advantage of the platform trends, et cetera as we continue through the year and beyond. So, good news is that you know core classics remain strong and healthy. But some of these new iterations were better than we expected. Which is great news. And you know, there’s demand on the table and the consumer is hungry for.
Jonathan Komp: That’s great. Then maybe a follow-up, a set of questions on the HOKA. A little bit of a similar question, could you just maybe elaborate on the strength of the 18 to 34 year old demographic, you know, what’s changed there and maybe accelerated adoption? And then just Steve, when I look at the HOKA revenue, typically, the fourth quarter is a little higher than the third quarter in dollars. So I understand that year ago comparison looks different, but any reason why the fourth quarter dollars would be down from the third quarter? Thanks again.
Dave Powers: Yep. Thanks, Jon. So yeah, on the HOKA side, you know, we’re very happy with these results. I think, in the early days of HOKA, you know, we were selling obviously to core runners and beyond, and then some people were using it for, you know, comfort and longevity reasons. And the younger consumers weren’t really adopting it as part of their own yet, but we’ve seen that shift – change dramatically in the last year or so, you know, in the 18 to 34 year old category was our fastest growing consumer segment. So it’s working as, you know, as we planned, probably a little better than we planned, tapping a little faster than we planned. But some of the activities we’re doing, the collabs with folks like free people, et cetera, marketing, but you’re seeing, you know, teenage girls and boys trading from traditional athletic brands into HOKA, and raving about it. So it’s very exciting. And it just expands the breadth of our brand from ages, you know, 18 to 80. And I think that marketing and the product teams are doing an exceptional job of creating right product for that consumer, putting it in the right place, and showcasing it the right way. And some of the extended work we’re doing on the lifestyle side, taking core styles, but you know, different treatments, different materials, different colors that are more kind of lifestyle focused, that’s working extremely well, too. So we think that this is a big unlock for the brand long-term. We want to be healthy and meaningful and important to this younger consumer. And we’re seeing that play out, which is really great.
Steve Fasching: Yeah, and Jon, this is Steve. On the Q3, Q4 HOKA dynamic. Again, it goes back to a little bit, you know, we’re dealing with disruptive supply chain last year, right. So there’s a dynamic on the year-over-year comparison in Q3 and Q4. Then to your point on kind of Q4 versus Q3 this year. As we’ve had more inventory availability, we’ve been putting that into the marketplace. At the same time you know, we know as Dave said, there is more product in the marketplace. So we want to control the marketplace. You know, we’ll look and see how the brand continues to grow, it’s going to continue to grow a little bit disproportionate in percentage terms, again, because of how we’re making those comparisons to last year. But this is a little bit to our marketplace management. We also have new models that are being introduced in Q4. So there’s some change in some of the wholesale deliveries in the quarter. But again, this is a brand that’s continuing to grow overall solid growth plan for the year, a little bit choppy between quarters, you know, and strong demand that we continue to see, that wholesalers are demanding product. So, managing the DTC business, managing the wholesale business, managing the marketplace, recognizing what’s going on there. I wouldn’t get too concerned over the Q3, Q4 dynamic. You know, we’ve just got choppy quarters going on in this year.
Dave Powers: Yeah, and I think you know, from a consumer perspective, you know, they don’t know the quarterly ins and outs, but they’re seeing the product it’s selling through very well at full price and the demand is certainly there. You know, and I think you have to pull back and look at the full year results of this brand, and especially the way both of our brands and Q3 performed in a very challenging environment, FX pressures, promotional environment, and to come out with this rate of high level – high price, full price sell through, healthy margins, and still momentum and demand in the marketplace. You know, that’s what we’re focused on. And so, we see this continuing and the brands as I said before, I’ve never been in a better place the brand heat that we see. And UGG and HOKA are exceptional and we’re going to continue to build on that. And, you know, invest in these brands for the long-term.
Steve Fasching: And then I think just the last thing and we’ll move on, but, you know, I think the demand that we’re seeing for HOKA is highlighted in again, our raise for our full year outlook. So that raise is being driven by the increased demand that we’re seeing from HOKA. You know, again, just speaking to the strength we continue to see with HOKA and how it’s resonating in the marketplace.
Dave Powers: And particularly, international.
Steve Fasching: Yeah, yeah.
Jonathan Komp: That’s great. Thanks again.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: The next question will be from Paul Lejuez from Citi. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Hey, thanks, guys. I’m just curious maybe on HOKA, if you can talk about a little bit more detail in terms of how much of the growth is being driven by existing accounts versus your new distribution partners? Any more color you can give around that? And then second, just curious how much has pricing been a driver in the sales change at each brand? And maybe whether that looks different within DTC versus wholesale? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yeah, good questions. I would say for HOKA, the majority of the growth is coming from existing accounts, you know, outside of, you know, some expansion in Q3 in Dick’s stores, there really wasn’t a lot of expansion in new doors globally. So, you know, we’re continuing to gain market share, you saw that in their pre-recorded comments. And that’s happening, you know, across the board. It’s not just a run specialty. So, strong full price sell through, healthy margins for the retailers, great presentations in wholesale. But we’re getting better at it as we go and the wholesale accounts are realizing the power of this brand. And so the majority of that is coming from existing accounts at this point, which again, goes back to the brand marketplace management and just, you know, speaking to the right consumer. What was the other question, sorry?
Steve Fasching: The pricing?
Dave Powers: The pricing. Yes, sorry. You know, we have raised prices in both brands this past Q3 and coming into the fall period, and we didn’t see any, really any resistance to that, you know, obviously evidenced by the sellout of some of these UGG styles and some of the price increases in HOKA, we haven’t really seen a slowdown in sell through. And so I think the product is worth it. The brand is, you know, meaningful and important to these consumers. And they were willing to pay full price even though some of the prices were higher.
Paul Lejuez: What was the magnitude of the increase year-over-year? If you can share that.
Dave Powers: Yeah, I think it was like overall is about 8% across both brands.
Paul Lejuez: Got it. Thank you.
Dave Powers: On lifestyles.
Steve Fasching: On the lifestyle. So like again, we didn’t do – we didn’t raise price on every –
Dave Powers: Correct, sorry, yeah.
Steve Fasching: We raised price on certain select styles but today’s point that was called around 8% of the styles. And it wasn’t all at the beginning of the year. It was some styles on HOKA at the beginning of the year, and then it was some products in UGG on the fall season.
Paul Lejuez: And is that an even higher number when you adjusted for mix you were introducing higher price styles into the assortment generally?
Steve Fasching: The pricing is up a little bit, but not I wouldn’t say significantly different.
Dave Powers: No. In UGG when we’re also doing, you know more slippers and Tasmans that a little bit lower priced than the Classic and some of the Minis you know, it may affect the total average price across the board. But you know, I think we’re providing excellent value and quality for the price and I think the consumer sees that and it’s resonating strongly with them and willing to pay it.
Paul Lejuez: Got it. Thank you. Good luck.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from Tom Nikic from Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Tom Nikic: Hey, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to ask about UGG. So obviously the last couple of years have been you know fairly wonky you know between COVID stuff and supply chain and the dynamics around wholesale. But I mean when we – when you kind of think about UGG on a more you know normal basis or a long-term basis like how should we think about the growth of that brand? I mean, what – is it – you know, this thing a mid-single-digit grower or is it a high-single-digit grower under normal times, like just, I think you know given how wonky things have been the last year, I think it’s hard to sort of wrap your head around what the sort of normal algorithm is for this brand?
Dave Powers: Yeah, I mean certainly we’re still dealing with normalization of the business, you know, from COVID and some of that is related to refilling the marketplace of inventory coming off the peak, balancing that out. And so you know, right now, where we sit right now, we’re probably looking at low-single-digits, just to be prudent and as we reset the marketplace. You know, I am very excited about the product pipeline and the new leadership under Anne and the way the design teams and the marketing teams are collaborating globally for this brand, you know, we’re getting better at this every day. And so I think the opportunity is there, but we’re still trying to navigate and make sure we set the marketplace correctly. Right now, it’s extremely well managed globally. The inventories are clean and healthy. We have some inventory a little bit to work through here and there. But the long-term outlook for this brand, I think is exciting. But I would say where we sit now in the shorter-term, it’s you know we’re looking at low-single-digits, knowing that the environment and the global macroeconomic situation is still a little bit challenged. Different than HOKA, because that’s, you know, more of a hyper growth. And so a lot of people haven’t heard of the brand yet across the globe or UGG is obviously a household name. And it’s about fine-tuning the product assortment being meaningful to each of the consumer segments, and managing the marketplace globally, while driving a healthy DTC business to improve margins.
Tom Nikic: Understood. And if I could just follow-up on margins real quick. So you know I think you did talk a bit about normalizing promos, but or normalizing discounts or whatever. But on the gross margins, it would seem like there would be you know some kind of good guys over the next 12 months as well, you know, kind of freight rolling off and FX, I guess, turns from a bad guy to a good guy and channel mix and brand mix, et cetera. So, definitely seems like there’s a fairly bright gross margin outlook like, you know, how should we think about the drop through to EBIT margins? And I know you want to invest in the growth of the brands, but you know can we see EBIT margins creep higher over time?
Steve Fasching: Yeah, Tom this is Steve, I’ll take that one. And you know, we’re not giving guidance yet. And it going a little bit to what I said in the prepared remarks. And so, we are experiencing improvements in gross margin, you’ve seen it in Q3 as you model it in, you’ll see it in Q4, where that’s largely coming from the freight. So you are right, we’re seeing freight rates come down. In the current quarter, Q4, we’re going to benefit from that, we’re seeing that increase. Overall, there still is, you know, an FX headwind. So for the year, as you can see in our guidance, we are lower on a gross margin basis, we’ll continue to see some improvement with ocean freight, but it’s going to be at lower levels than what you’re seeing come through in the current quarter. So there will be to your point a little bit of a tailwind, we’ll see what happens with currency, right. Currencies turned more beneficial to us. It’s in kind of mid-to-late Q3. We’re seeing some of that, but it’s still down from a year ago. So to your point, we’ll see what happens. There is a potential there, you know, for some improvements that could contribute to the gross margin. But as I also said, you know, we’ve tightened our belt this year to deliver on what we guided, we’ve held off on some investments within the business to continue to deliver within that range of guidance, and so we’re evaluating it. And while we haven’t given guidance on next year, we do expect there will be some gross margin expansion. And we’re going to use that to invest in the business, especially in the competitive nature of where this business is and what we’re doing with our brands. And so that investment is critical to keeping us relevant and leading in this space. So that is clearly something we are going to do with some of that gross margin expansion. Now, as I’ve said before, right, when there’s an opportunity, we see strong businesses their opportunity to reflect some of that upside. Yeah, and we did do that a couple of years ago. But first, we’re going to make sure that we’re looking at some of this gross margin expansion, investing it in the business because it’s proving well, we’re delivering exceptional results. We’re well above many of our peers in terms of operating profit. So we got to keep continuing to invest in this business. So, yeah, there is, but you know, there’s also investments that we have to make them in business.
Tom Nikic: Yeah, yeah. Understood. Thanks guys and best of luck this year.
Steve Fasching: Thank you.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will be from John Kernan from Cowen. Please go ahead.
Krista Zuber: Hi, this is Krista Zuber on for John. Just wanted to circle back on the inventory question in terms of kind of where you see or how – what your level of comfort is on the inventory levels by channel, DTC and wholesale? Thank you.
Steve Fasching: Yeah, I think the – so speaking to our inventory, we, you know, this is something we indicated at the beginning of the year, that it was something that we would be working through this year. And I think we’ve demonstrated that, inventory levels have improved. As we’ve said in the prepared remarks, again, inventory level on UGG actually decreased, again, signaling some of the work that we’ve been doing and the improvement efforts that we’ve been making. You know, what we’re also doing is increasing our HOKA inventory. So when you got a quarter that’s growing 90%, you got to have inventory to service those sales. So we have been increasing inventory. You know, I think in terms of as we look out further, there’s still opportunity to optimize inventory levels. But when we look at the relationship of inventory to sales growth it’s coming much more in line, we feel comfortable about our inventory, there’s always room for a little bit of improvement, we’ll continue to work on that improvement, as things begin to normalize, especially with the supply chain. But where we sit today with everything that’s going on with the growth of our brands, we feel comfortable about our inventory positions, and we’ll continue to work to optimize those levels.
Dave Powers: Yeah, and I would say from a channel perspective, you know, I think the channel is in good place with the inventory. You know, we were able to fill the bucket, so to speak in UGG last year, and we’re getting back inventory in key styles in HOKA. So I think it’s in a very healthy place and that’s reflected in, you know, how DTC exceeded wholesale growth in the quarter. Still healthy sell throughs globally. So again, credit to the teams you know managing the marketplace in this environment. But I would say, you know, from a brand health and a marketplace and a market channel perspective, things are in good shape. And, you know, in addition to what Steve said about how we’re managing and our number on levels.
Krista Zuber: Thank you.
Dave Powers: You bet.
Operator: And the next question is from Sam Poser with Williams Trading. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser: Good afternoon. Erinn, I know and thank you guys for giving part of what I always ask, but Erinn, can you give us the whole thing, please for wholesale or DTC?
Erinn Kohler: Hi, Sam, sure thing. So for the quarter global wholesale, including distributor by brand is what I’ll give you. So for UGG, that will be $374 million, for HOKA, $224 million, for Teva, $25 million, for Sanuk, $3 million. And then that gives you other which is predominantly Koolaburra, $20 million.
Sam Poser: Thank you. And Steve, I want to commend you, I think you should run for President given your answer to John Komp’s question. So I’m going to ask it again. Could you give – if you look at the DTC business, and if you look at wholesale business historically, Q4 for HOKA has accelerated from Q3. So the question is, do you anticipate that Q4 HOKA revenue will be higher than Q3?
Steve Fasching: And I think John answered that question, right. So when you take the numbers in, given what we sold in as well as what we sold through our DTC, we’re not expecting that on – growth on Q3. Again, we’ve got dynamics that are underlying between quarters, right. And that’s why I want to be careful that people aren’t so focused on Q3, Q4, as I said, we’re managing this business for the year. It’s why we have not this year, given quarterly guidance. We know we’ve got dynamics within quarters this year, where we’re trying to get more products in early. And that, as I said before, has worked well for us, right. So we want to make sure we have you know the right perspective of how the business is trending. Now, when you then look at mix, right. That’s going to play an impact on revenue reported. So when we’re looking at volumes, right volumes are a little bit different due to the channels that we’re selling in. Our guide equates to similar volume levels. But again, I want to be careful that people aren’t so focused on a Q3, Q4 dynamics. It’s the full year right and you know, we’re coming out of a quarter where we grew the brand 90%, there is demand out there. So, again, we’re going to get product in, we’re going to get it in there, we want to make sure it has an opportunity to sell through, and then we’ll see what happens. And then again, we have tremendous confidence in HOKA. And – but at the same time, we’re managing the marketplace. We know that there are a lot of competitors that have a lot of inventory within the wholesale channel, we don’t need to contribute to that confusion, we’ve got a brand that’s red hot that continues to perform well, this goes to our marketplace management. So brand is in great shape. I don’t want people to get worked up about a Q3, Q4 dynamic. That’s not what we’re talking about.
Sam Poser: But I understand. And I’m not trying to get worked up as we’re trying to model this properly. The question, though, is, as you talked about, I think Dave, you spoke of one more after this, which is related to UGG, but with HOKA, you spoke about some new, you know, shoe you sounded pretty excited about that are launching in Q4. And now is this situation because of the scenario that Steve just mentioned that you would launch it in direct to consumer first, maybe in Q4 and then launch it to wholesale in Q1? I mean, so is that what you’re thinking about? I mean, as far as manage – you know, how you bring things to market? Where, you know, I mean, I’m just trying to understand it, because you’re bringing in brand new products and the demand real high than those retailers want your product then it really will probably take away from some other brand not necessarily from you and theoretically not make things worse.
Dave Powers: Yeah, I think you know, what you’re looking at a little bit is some of those launches in Q4 had to ship in Q3 to be in the marketplace that, you know, in time and no. And then also, I talked about the Solimar. And also the new transit that just launched today, those are small buys and small volume drivers in a first introduction, so heavily weighted on DTC, you know, wholesalers, you know, want to see performance in your own channels before they invest heavily. So, yes, they’re exciting. Yes, they’re new. Yes, they’ll steal some market share from competitors. But the scale of those on the business at this point are still small. And then some of that inventory has also shipped in Q3, which is why you see the 90% increase.
Sam Poser: Got you. And then on UGG given the guidance, I would assume you know that you’re going to have a big swing on wholesale in the fourth quarter, which is really about the big increase that happened in Q1 – sorry in Q4 last year. But can you just and since it is not you know on a relative basis, it’s your second smallest quarter. Can you give us some direction on how to think about the wholesale for – in the fourth quarter? I mean, does it have a negative – is it a negative 20 handle negative 30 handle negative? You know, give us something there that can, because it sounds like the wholesale is going to be down much more than the DTC though the DTC is probably going to be down a bit.
Dave Powers: Yeah, I mean, I think DTC, you know, there was exceptional results in DTC in Q3, you know, as we said, some of those you know really hot styles have sold out and we are selling fumes, the golden stars with a new introduction in Q4 that is already selling out. So there’s hot demand for some of these styles. But as we’ve been managing our inventory levels, we didn’t buy as heavily into some of these new styles yet, not anticipating that kind of sell through. On the wholesale side, you know, yeah, they still have inventory leftover from what they purchased throughout the year. More than kind of the core classics, they’re still struggling with the hot new styles, you know just like we are in DTC, what you’re going to see it down, you know, in the 20%, 30% range for the quarter. But again, if you look at the market sell through and the health of the brand in the marketplace, that’s what we’re focused on and you know it’s tough. I understand you’re trying to model quarters, but it’s a funky dynamic wonky as one person already said, and but I think we got to go back to like, what is the health of this brand and how are things selling through?
Steve Fasching: Well, again, I mean, the UGG costs of being down in Q4, you have so much that shifted from Q3 to Q4 last year, and you brought more of it in Q3 this year. And so that’s not really – that’s a different scenario than health. That’s not expected. It’s just more a matter of trying to triangulate where it is.
Dave Powers: Yeah –
Steve Fasching: Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yeah, absolutely.
Operator: And our final question today will come from Chris Nardone with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Chris Nardone: Hey, guys, good afternoon. Can you talk a little bit about what you’re seeing on the ground in China for both your UGG and HOKA businesses? And if you can elaborate maybe on your specific expansion strategy for HOKA, and then if there’s any way to quantify, you know, the potential build back, you can see in the UGG business, given the lockdowns over the last, you know, two to three years? Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yeah, sure. You know, it’s hard to comment on things right now in this quarter. But you know, I think coming out of the year-to-date so far in China, listen, I give our teams over there, the leadership and management team, the way they have managed the last three years in that marketplace with all the challenges from COVID and lockdowns, and you know, consumers not being able to spend, I think we’re in you know, exceptional shape and our brands as considering the marketplace. So the brands, you know, are strong, they’re healthy, they’re in demand, the marketing tactics that we’re employing for both brands over there being more locally relevant, the collabs that we’re doing in UGG, the fashion partnerships, reaching in younger consumer, those are all checking boxes and performing extremely well. You know, I think what you’ll start to see, and I was talking to the China team the other night, you’re going to start to see consumers come back out. And we feel really good about our chances, you know, for the finish of this year and heading into next year. Keep in mind that, you know, China isn’t a massive business for us yet, we do have long-term aspirations. But I think we’re going to see that consumer come back not only domestically but globally. And that’ll be an interesting dynamic for us and other brands. But we like the way we’re set up the like, we like the way we’re managing the marketplace, the way we’re resourcing it, and then specifically to HOKA you know, so far so good. We’ve invested in our own stores, we’re working with partners on door expansion, creating awareness in the marketplace in an authentic way. And we’re going to continue on that path because we see just tremendous opportunity for HOKA in the long-term. And so far, we’re seeing good signs from our partners and our retail stores and gives us a lot of confidence that this can be a big success over time.
Chris Nardone: Thanks.
Dave Powers: You bet.
Steve Fasching: You bet.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session. And that concludes today’s call. We thank you so much for joining Deckers Brands third quarter fiscal 2023 earnings conference call. And you may now disconnect. Take care.

===== 2023 Q2  (2022-10-27 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Second Quarter fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements, and include statements regarding current fiscal year and long-term strategic objectives, changes in consumer behavior, strength of our brands and demand for our products, product distribution strategies, marketing plans and strategies, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and supply chain, our anticipated revenues, brand performance, product mix, gross margins, expenses, inventory levels and promotional activity, our potential repurchase of shares and the impact of the macroeconomic environment on our operations and performance, including fluctuation of foreign currency exchange rates. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. On this call, management may refer to financial measures that were not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States, specifically including constant currency. The company believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are important indicators of its operating performance because they exclude items that are unrelated to and may not be indicative of its core operating results. Further, the company reports comparable direct-to-consumer sales on a constant currency basis for operations that were open throughout the current and prior reporting periods. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. I'm pleased to be here with you today to discuss the strong results delivered by our portfolio of compelling brands as we make continued strides towards our long-term strategic vision even amidst a challenging macroeconomic environment. For the second quarter, revenue increased 21% versus prior year to $876 million. In the quarter, our two largest brands, UGG and HOKA drove compelling revenue growth of 6% and 58%, respectively. Steve will provide further details on the strength of our second quarter later in the call. But for now, I'd like to focus on how our first half results demonstrate Decker's progress towards longer term goals. As a reminder, our long-term vision is to build HOKA into a multibillion-dollar major player in the performance athletic space, further diversify the UGG brand's product, geographic and seasonal mix, grow our DTC business through consumer acquisition and retention and drive international markets through strategic investments, while maintaining top-tier levels of profitability for the company overall. With the continued focus on moving our in-demand products into the marketplace early ahead of the UGG brand's peak selling season, and while at the same time, fueling year-round demand for the HOKA brand, we are pleased with the progress we have made thus far against our annual outlook of the current fiscal year. As we continue to track our progress, I reflect on the first half results of fiscal 2023, which thus far have delivered consolidated revenue growth of 21% versus last year and 64% versus two years ago, HOKA revenue growth of 57% versus last year, with the brand now representing 44% of consolidated revenue, up from 35% last year and 28% two years ago; UGG revenue growth of 3% versus last year, with international driving growth aligned with our strategy despite currency headwinds and a 63% increase in DTC acquisition versus last year for HOKA, and a 54% increase for reflecting the strength of the demand of our brands, which propelled revenue growth of 26% for the first half. Results like this demonstrate the success of Deckers’ multi-pronged approach to creating growth and proactively managing our brands to progress towards our long-term vision while delivering quality profitability. Deckers is able to deliver on our objectives while managing through external factors because of our flexible operating model, omnichannel capabilities and our nimble organization. Our compelling brands are well-positioned for the second half of the fiscal year, and I'm confident in the team's ability to continue executing. Steve will provide further details on our updated thoughts on guidance and the macroeconomic environment later in the call. But for now, let's dive into the brand and channel performance highlights for the second quarter and first half. Starting with UGG. As a reminder, Anne Spangenberg joined our company earlier this year to leave the Fashion Lifestyle group, which includes the UGG and Koolaburra brands. With her a wealth of experience, Anne is already having an impressive impact on UGG, as a leader with passion and a clear vision that puts the consumer at the center of everything the brand is doing, it aligned with the UGG brand strategy implemented over the last few years, Anne is focused on refining a few key elements of the brand's approach to product and demand creation, which include expanding the base of UGG consumers through a clear strategic vision of brand purpose and experience, prioritizing the design DNA of UGG in the product proposition, editing and focusing UGG products and experiences to maximize consumer impact and elevating the pinnacle expression of UGG. I'm looking forward to seeing more of Anne's vision integrated into the UGG brand's bright future ahead. Moving to UGG brands first half results. Global revenue in the second quarter increased 6% versus last year to $477 million. For the first half, UGG revenue increased 3% over the prior year. We've been talking for some time about the diversification of UGG product and the brand's focus on developing franchises to complement core Classics. The UGG product team has done a fantastic job, broadening the consumer appeal beyond Classics, while also ensuring Classics remain the pinnacle expression of UGG. Keeping Classics special essential to our UGG marketplace allocation and segmentation strategy that spans multiple countries and critical to UGG maintaining high levels of brand interest around the world. From a product standpoint, UGG has quite literally elevated core Classics through the introduction of fashion forward platform versions of the brand's most iconic styles, generating tremendous press coverage from being spotted on top models and going viral on TikTok. Platform Classics are already trending in the top 10 amongst new consumers in 18 to 34-year olds, and the fall season is just getting started. Additionally, with excitement building around the platforms, we've also seen a significant demand uptick in the original core Classics that inspired them, as DTC revenue from the Classics Ultra Mini and the Classic Mini in the first half increased more than 200% and more than 60% versus last year, respectively. Beyond Classics, UGG has continued to find success with hybrid styles, of which the latest and greatest example has been the Tasman. For the first half of this year, the Tasman has been a top five style for UGG overall and the number one style purchase at DDC. We've been encouraged to see the Tasman being adopted as a genderless style, a movement being led by the UGG brand's 18 to 34-year-old cohort as the second most popular and most popular style among female and male consumers in the age group, respectively. Further to the Tasman's popularity and the prevalence of platforms, UGG introduced a platform Tazz last year, and the style is already in the top 10 amongst 18 to 34-year olds. We're excited about the continued opportunity with this franchise as it speaks to the UGG brand's growing year on appeal and increased category diversification. Driving the success of an early attention to UGG this fall, with the brand team's enhanced global marketing campaign strategy that leans into the consumer feedback derived from a recent brand survey. With concrete consumer feedback across the eight global markets provided by the surveys, UGG designed this year's campaign dubbed Feels Like UGG, to deliver a unified brand message via local influencers that were cast specifically for each of these individual key markets, which leans into the feeling and comfort that are core to the brand's DNA. Beginning with an influencer event in Paris that coincided with the UGG collaboration with opening ceremony and continuing on to a collaboration with 6pm that was featured during Fashion Week Milan, the Feels Like UGG campaign was launched on the runway and broadcast globally through social engagement by a community of ambassadors and consumers who love the brand. We are seeing tremendous response from consumers thus far, as in the second quarter, search interest for the US increased 11% versus last year, with two-thirds of the ugg.com visitors new to the site, 18 to 34-year old site visitors in EMEA more than doubled versus last year, Asia Pacific DTC business grew 11% versus last year, and global DTC retention increased 50% versus the prior year. The consumer response has been positive globally for the UGG brand. First half revenue was driven by international regions as the US lap significant wholesale refill activity from the prior year. Additionally, some of this year-to-date growth overseas is due to lapping supply chain latency in the first half of last year, but we feel the UGG brand's international regions returning to growth is proof of the successful marketplace reset initiatives implemented over the last few years. All-in-all, the UGG brand is positioned well for holiday with inventory availability having improved relative to last year in key markets across the globe. We're encouraged by the results we've seen early in the season, but as always, remain cautious with our busiest period still to come. Shifting to HOKA, global revenue for the second quarter increased 58% versus last year for $333 million, a quarterly revenue record for HOKA, leading to a first half revenue increase of 57% versus last year. HOKA growth continues to be driven by the brand's exceptional global ecosystem of access points, which is building market share through increased awareness and benefiting from strategic door count increases. While greater market share with existing accounts is responsible for the majority of HOKA growth this year, the brand has made some notable addition to access points, which include expanded distribution with strategic growth accounts, 12 owned and operated stores to build awareness and serve the monobrand China market, two stores in Japan and five pop-up stores in the US. Each of these access points are designed to build HOKA brand awareness and increase consumer access to new geographic locations. In addition, the HOKA brand has rolled out exciting out-of-home FLY HUMAN FLY campaign content in highly visible cities around the world, helping to drive a 145% increase in search terms in New York and Los Angeles. With these efforts, we've seen the HOKA brand's DTC growth rate accelerate from the first quarter into the second. Overall, for the first half, HOKA has driven exceptional increases in DTC retention and acquisition, increasing 70% and 63%, respectively, across global markets. All of these actions are driving incredible increases in brand awareness. Over the last two years, HOKA awareness across all consumers has improved nine percentage points and even crossed the 20% threshold, with awareness among runners even higher according to Decker's proprietary brands tracker study. Outside of the US, awareness is much lower, with most regions sitting in the low teens percentage, but seeing similarly explosive growth and awareness, which highlights the significant opportunity for continued HOKA brand expansion, augmenting the global marketing campaign. HOKA global event sponsorships have continued to help the brand maintain and build performance credibility with extreme athletes around the world. One recent example of this is the HOKA brand sponsorship of the Ultra Trail du Mont-Blanc, the UTMB World Series. In the brand's first year sponsoring the UTMB Series, we saw positive results, as HOKA achieved a 34% share of shoes tracked on race participants, which is well-above last year's total. Additionally, HOKA athlete Ludovic Pommeret placed first in 145-kilometer TDS race in this year's UTMB series wearing the HOKA spigot trail shoe to conquer the course's diverse terrain. The HOKA brands alignment with the ultra competitive UTMB series highlights the brand's focus on becoming a leader in the growing outdoor trail and hiking segment. The aforementioned Speedgoat is the HOKA brand's top trail shoe. Coinciding with the UTMB event, in order to complement the Speedgoat, HOKA launched the Mafate Speed 4, which is an innovative update to a heritage style designed to broaden the brand's footprint in trail. Early reads from consumers purchasing the Mafate have been exceptionally strong across global markets, which is exciting for HOKA as the brand focuses on building market share in the trail category. For hiking, HOKA now has two franchises in Kaha and the Anacapa that are experiencing immense growth and building market share. Thus far, in fiscal year 2023, both of these hiking franchises have made their way into the top 10 most purchased styles for HOKA. We believe this is because of the unique HOKA DNA that sets these franchises apart with their lightweight platform and maximum cushion that compares favorably to bulkier products from the competition. Importantly, while we're seeing really strong growth in new categories of focus such as trail and hiking, HOKA is also delivering exceptional growth and results with core running styles like the Bondi. With the support of the increased global brand awareness I mentioned earlier, the brand's launch of the eighth evolution of the flagship Bondi franchise was even more impactful as the Bondi 8 was the top-selling style globally in the second quarter, more than doubled last year's Bondi 7 volume among 18 to 34-year-old consumers. It was a top five DTC style across Decker's entire portfolio of brands for the first half despite just launching in August. With this latest addition, Bondi, the brand's most plush riot got softer and more comfortable. With the lightest HOKA foam to date in an all-new extended shell geometry, featuring rear crash pads that provide a soft and balanced transition built for long distance. In just a few months of selling, the Bondi 8 has already been named the Best Road Running Shoe by both the SELF Certified Sneaker Awards as well as the GQ Fitness Awards. Congratulations to the HOKA team for the continued success and balanced growth across global regions and product categories. We look forward to delivering more exciting and innovative products throughout the rest of this fiscal year and beyond. From a channel performance perspective, the first half was strong in both wholesale and DTC, fueled by a 39% increase in consumer acquisition and 44% increase in retention. First half global direct-to-consumer revenue grew 26% versus last year. HOKA continues to be a significant driver of consolidated DTC growth, and the brand's growth rate even accelerated from the first quarter into the second, overall increasing 66% versus the prior year for the first half. UGG also contributed to the first half DTC growth, as the brand returned to growth in Q2, leading to a 4% increase for the brand in the first half. On wholesale, global revenue in the first half increased 20% versus last year. Strength in the wholesale channel was primarily driven by HOKA gaining global market share and the brand benefiting from select additional doors with strategic accounts. UGG also contributed to first half wholesale growth in the brand's international regions. Our first half performance highlights the strength of our omni-channel marketplace management strategies that have allowed our brands to build market share with strategic retailers, while capturing DTC demand at the same time. And while we continue to see great demand in the marketplace for our brands, as we move into the back half, the environment is evolving quickly, which may present challenges outside of our control. However, our teams are focused on the variables that are within our control as we work towards this year's objectives. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Steve, who will walk you through further details on second quarter performance, as well as the context of our reaffirmed full year top and bottom line guidance.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave just covered, Deckers delivered strong results in the second quarter to finish the first half of fiscal year 2023 in a position of strength. HOKA drove another quarter of exceptional growth, and UGG continues to elevate its presence globally. While there is plenty of heavy lifting ahead and we are now operating in our historically largest and most complex fiscal quarter, I'm confident in our team's demonstrated ability to execute on our plans even as macroeconomic challenges persist, most notably the continued strengthening of the US dollar. We will lean on our omni-channel capabilities, flexible operating model and strong balance sheet to remain nimble in navigating any dynamic marketplace shifts that may occur as we provide our brands the opportunity to continue building long-term sustainable market share. Now let's get into the details of the second quarter results. Second quarter fiscal 2023 revenue was $876 million, representing an increase of 21% versus prior year. On a constant currency basis, revenue grew 25% versus last year. Growth in the quarter was primarily driven by the expansion of HOKA, which increased 58% versus last year, delivering record quarterly revenue of $333 million, and a 20% reported increase in UGG international regions as the brand benefited from marketplace reset initiatives implemented over the past couple of years, as well as lapping disrupted wholesale shipments in the prior year. Gross margin for the second quarter was 48.2%, which is down 270 basis points from last year's 50.9%. Roughly half of the decline in gross margin was driven by unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates, with additional impacts from higher promotional activity for UGG as compared to last year's exceptionally low levels with the brand primarily utilizing higher margin DTC closet events to move through excess spring season inventory; higher ocean freight rates, which was partially offset by benefits from a reduction in airfreight usage, HOKA price increases and favorable brand mix with HOKA driving the majority of growth. SG&A dollar spend in the second quarter was $294 million, up 23% versus last year's $239 million. As a percent of revenue, SG&A was 50 basis points higher than last year, primarily due to higher advertising spend as a percentage of revenue. Our tax rate was 21.2%, which compares to 20.1% for the prior year. These results culminated in a diluted earnings per share of $3.80 for the quarter, which is $0.14 above last year's $3.66 diluted earnings per share. Turning to our balance sheet. At September 30, 2022, we ended September with $419 million of cash and equivalents. Inventory was $925 million, up 45% versus the same point in time last year, primarily from HOKA brand as we bring product in to continue momentum with the brand. And during the period, we had no outstanding borrowings. During the second quarter, we repurchased approximately $50 million worth of shares at an average price of $290. As of September 30, 2022, the company had approximately $1.5 billion remaining authorized for share repurchases. Now moving into our updated guidance for fiscal year 2023. We are reaffirming prior consolidated revenue, operating margin and diluted earnings per share guidance. Our full fiscal year 2023 guidance now includes reaffirmed reported revenue growth of 10% to 11%, anticipating between $3.45 billion and $3.5 billion. With HOKA now expected to increase up to 50% versus last year, helping to offset larger currency headwinds as a result of a continued strengthening of the US dollar. And UGG is expected to be down mid-single digits on a reported basis, primarily due to negative currency impacts. Gross margin now expected to be approximately 50.5%, which is a reduction from our prior guidance, primarily due to increased currency impacts, as well as some additional promotional activity. SG&A as a percentage of sales now expected to be approximately 33%, reflecting variable savings to help offset further gross margin pressure that we have now incorporated. Operating margin range is still expected to be in the range of 17.5% to 18%. Tax rate is now expected to be approximately 22% and diluted earnings per share is reaffirmed in the range of $17.50 to $18.35. Please note, this guidance excludes any charges that may be considered one-time in nature and does not contemplate any impact from additional share repurchases. Additionally, our guidance assumes no meaningful deterioration of current risks and uncertainties, which include, but are not limited to, further impacts from the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and economic conditions, including supply chain disruption, constraints and related expenses, labor shortages, inflationary pressures, changing consumer confidence and recessionary pressures, further strengthening of the US dollar and geopolitical tensions. Now, for some additional context on the state of our business as we approach the busiest part of our year. From a logistics standpoint, we are still experiencing delays and the timing of container arrivals remains difficult to predict. But we feel good about the improvement in transit times, which has led to a reduction of inventory in transit on both a dollar and percentage basis as compared to last year. Additionally, I am pleased to report that container costs have come down, but would caution that we won't start to see that improvement in our gross margin for a few quarters. With that said, the headwinds we have experienced from ocean freight in the first half are expected to turn neutral for the remainder of this fiscal year. With the improvement we've seen on transit times and our strategic prioritization to bring inventory in earlier and hold higher levels in the country of sale, we no longer expect to use a material level of air freight in this fiscal year. Additionally, with the strength of our brands and ability to move through some promotional inventory during the quarter, we have seen our year-over-year inventory growth rate moderate as compared to recent quarters, with inventory levels 45% higher as of September 30th, compared to the same date last year, at which point, inventory levels were below normal operating levels. While we are still chasing the exceptional demand for our brands, particularly with the opportunity we've outlined for HOKA, we are likely to see inventory growth outpace sales in part to hedge against future disruption. On the promotional environment, given how clean we have been over the last few years, with very little promotion across our portfolio of brands, we have experienced increased levels of promotion so far this year related to clearing some excess inventory, largely UGG spring season product and shifts in the macroeconomic environment. Embedded in our updated guidance for the full year, we expect more promotional activity relative to the exceptionally low level of promotion in prior years. Further on gross margin, I'd like to touch on currency as this has increasingly been a topic of interest. For the first half, we have seen a currency revenue impact to the tune of approximately $30 million and a 110 basis point impact to gross margin. With our business being second half weighted and no signs of a weakening dollar, we are anticipating a second half revenue impact of approximately $70 million, primarily impacting the UGG brand. In total, we now expect currency to negatively impact our gross margin rate by approximately 140 basis points for the full fiscal year 2023. This increased currency headwind is the primary driver of our change in our updated gross margin outlook. As our top and bottom line guidance has been maintained, despite the continued strengthening of the US dollar being incorporated, we are reflecting an underlying operational raise from our variable levers to remain on track with our original full year outlook. Excluding the negative impact of currency now projected in fiscal 2023, our guidance would indicate gross and operating margin expansion in comparison to the prior fiscal year. This currency neutral margin expansion would be driven by reduced airfreight usage, competitive marketplace price increases and brand mix benefits with the growth of HOKA being partially offset by first half ocean freight pressures, as well as increased promotional activity. Though clearly, there is much to overcome for the balance of our fiscal year, I am confident in the strength of our brands and ability to leverage our flexible operating model to deliver the compelling guidance we set out at the outset of this fiscal year. Thanks, everyone. And now I'll hand the call back to Dave for his final remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Steve. We are excited about the strong results delivered in the first half of fiscal year 2023. But again, it's important to acknowledge that we are still operating within an uncertain environment where things can change quickly, and the bulk of our fiscal year is still ahead. With that said, Deckers is fortunate to have two of the strongest brands in the footwear space that continue to engage and attract new consumers every day. The UGG brand's diverse product assortment is positioned well for holiday, led by elevated platform Classics, which are driving heat and excitement around the core, as well as the continued interest in more transitional hybrid styles like the Tasman and Ultra Mini. Paired with a compelling marketing campaign that is resonating across global markets, we expect UGG to perform well this holiday season. Our powerful brands paired with strategic marketplace management, omni-channel capabilities and disciplined financial management gives me the confidence that our organization can achieve a compelling guidance set forth for fiscal year 2023, even in the face of macro pressures that will impact the broader retail space. Of course, none of this will be possible without the dedication and hard work of our employees, who I'd like to thank in advance of our busiest period of the year. I'd also encourage everyone listening to take a look at our FY 2022 Corporate Responsibility Report that we'll be launching next week and will be posted on deckers.com, further highlighting our company's efforts to do good and do great in the communities where we operate and beyond. Thanks, everybody, for joining us here today, and thank you to all of our stakeholders for your continued support. We look forward to continue sharing the exciting future ahead at Deckers. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Laurent Vasilescu from Exane BNP. Please go ahead.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good afternoon. Thank you very much for taking my question, and congrats on such solid results in this environment. Dave, Steve, I wanted to ask about the implied 2H rev guide. On a reported basis, it looks like 3%. Maybe on a CC basis, it's about 6%, 7%. Tell me if I'm wrong there. But can you maybe unpack that a bit? How much you're expecting wholesale to grow or not grow versus strength in DTC? And I know, Steve, you don't typically guide by quarter, but any nuances we should consider between 3Q and 4Q? I know you've had shifts in revenues over the years due to shipments. But anything that we should consider as we model the rest of the year?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. Sure, Laurent. So just to give a little bit of perspective on the back half and you're right, we don't give quarterly guidance. So I think how we're seeing the year play out, and I know everybody's models are a little bit different, but it is, I think, laying out to the way we expected, which is much more growth in the first half. So I think, remember the context of last year, our first half was very disruptive in terms of inventory and product availability. And so when you see the big percentage increases in the first half of this year, we are, as we intended to do shipping out more product earlier in the year. That's benefiting clearly HOKA. You can see from the growth numbers, as well as UGG. Last year, as we started to see more inventory coming in, in the second half of the year, it was setting up a bigger half last year. So we are now comping against that bigger half that you saw last year. So that's why you see, from a percentage basis, the second half with lower percentage growth, because we're comparing to get that bigger second half quarter. We're still seeing significant growth with HOKA clearly in our guidance. Again, not quite to the same level of percentage increase. But, remember, we had a very big fourth quarter last year. And that was not only applicable to HOKA, but UGG as well. So, again, we're not breaking out quarters, but as I said, the year is playing out much to our expectation. Embedded in our updated guidance is an operational improvement, and that's largely coming from increases related to HOKA. So we're continuing to see strength. I mentioned it in my updated guidance in terms of now seeing growth for the full year of HOKA up to 50%, so before it was kind of 40%, 45%. So you're seeing that. I think the other thing, remember, is last year was more growth with wholesale, as we were replenishing the channel last year. So we're comping against a replenished year last year in the wholesale business. So you're going to see a slightly lower percentage growth on the wholesale business. But overall, trending very strong, demand signals very strong. The year is playing out well, seeing a strong start to Q3. So, again, as we've said before, and again, this is part of the reason we don't give or did not give quarterly guidance this year is because of the disruptive nature of last year. And we knew that there would be movements between quarters and we knew that first half was going to be much bigger growth this year, with percentage increases, lower but still strong dollar growth in the second half.
Dave Powers: And I would just add on to that. We've been spending a lot of time planning the back half of the year. And we're really proud of the fact that we're able to maintain guidance despite some really significant headwinds on the margin front potentially, from a proportional standpoint, but significant FX headwinds as well. And we've aligned as a leadership team across the organization, and we feel confident that we can still deliver, despite some of these significant headwinds, and that's our objective. And we're going to optimize the strength of our brands right now to deliver its healthy margin and promotional-free season that we can.
Laurent Vasilescu: Very helpful. Thank you very much. And then as a second question, a follow-up on UGG. I think, Dave, you mentioned that UGG International grew 20% reported. I'm just going to kind of ballpark it that on a CC basis, it's probably up over 30%. Maybe can you unpack that? What's driving that? Is it Japan? Is it Europe? And then, I guess, maybe the US UGG number was probably down low single digits for this quarter. Was there something with regards to cancellations or just a late start on the DTC side? Anything on that would be very helpful. Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yes, sure. We're really pleased with how things are playing out internationally. We've been working at transitioning those markets much like we did in the US a few years ago and we're starting to see fruits of that work in a positive way, particularly around diversified Classics in the UGG brand and younger consumers. And so, the marketing campaign, the key styles, the platform styles are really resonating well in those regions. But I think a key factor is that we are showing up more local than we are a global brand. So we're working closely with key influencers in the regions. That's not something we've generally done this aggressively in the past before. We've got some great partnerships with local influencers and celebrities, and also Fashion Institute in China that is giving us access to local designers to collaborate with. And we're showing up more -- with more of a local understanding of the consumer versus purely just peanut butter spread a global campaign. So we're getting surgical on the regions, both in assortment and distribution, but also the consumers that we're going after and leveraging those local relationships as best we can, and that's driving a very healthy business right now. So it's good. Despite some of the challenges, obviously, at a macro level in both Europe and in China right now, our brands are still covered and are performing well. And like I said, it's great to see that turnaround, and we see it continuing. A little more challenging in UGG in the US, just some of the wholesale nuances with shipping and things that we've had last year versus this year. But overall, it's off to a really good start. And like I said, in this environment, it's tremendous to see the international region is doing so well.
Laurent Vasilescu: Very helpful. Thank you very much.
Dave Powers: Yeah, okay.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Nikic from Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Tom Nikic: Thanks very much for taking my question. I guess on the FX side, I mean, it sounds like you were it not for FX changes over the last three months, you would have been raising guidance today. Is there anything -- like do you make -- trying to make any pricing adjustments or anything like that given how dramatically the exchange rates have shifted and the relative values in the different markets has changed dramatically, or do you just take the changes in FX rates and what they've done to the prices and the margin rates of those businesses and just kind of run rate from there?
Steve Fasching: Yeah, Tom, this is Steve. Good question. I think you're correct. And we did say this is, yes, on a constant currency operational basis, we are increasing our outlook. That increase has been offset by a stronger US dollar. So that's why we're holding guidance. It is an offset to the increase that we're seeing in the business. In terms of price increases, as you know, we have introduced pricing increases on HOKA this year. We have some other price increases on selected styles in UGG that are starting in Q2. It's difficult in season to change pricing. And, therefore, there really isn't an opportunity once you're in season to adjust pricing. It is something that we can look at going forward, but it's not anything that will impact this year.
Tom Nikic: And I've got a quick follow-up. Just a quick follow-up on -- so UGG last year in Q4, I recall you said that you had a bunch of stuff that you had shipped for the wholesale channel, and the wholesale partners are planning to pack it away and release it for holiday 2022. Does that have a meaningful impact on the back half, or the shape of the back half? I mean, it causes a pretty difficult compare in the fiscal Q4. So I just want to touch on that.
Steve Fasching: Yeah, it's a good question, Tom. So in terms of, and especially related to Q4, again, we're not giving out quarterly Q3, Q4 breakout. But to your point, in Q4, I think the thing to recall last year was as we were experiencing significant supply chain disruption, ship build up at the ports, congestion at the ports, we were not able to ship products as much as we would have liked in Q3. That -- a lot of that started to clear up in Q4. So we were shipping more product in Q4 last year than what we would normally do in a regular year. You would have seen some more of that in Q3. The other is, we saw a good demand on the DTC side in Q4, too. So that was another buildup in the quarter. So we're still building on that business. Again, it's overshadowed by the strength of the US dollars and the significant impact of foreign currency. So you don't necessarily see that level of growth, because on the international front, we do get hit with the currency. So we are comping a very strong back half last year, especially in Q4. And so, again, it's not changing necessarily the shape of the business for the back half. There is some quarterly cadence between the two quarters, but we're building on an exceptionally strong back half last year. This year, it just gets a little bit overshadowed by the strength of the US dollar and currency impact.
Tom Nikic: Thanks, very much. And best of luck in the holyday season.
Steve Fasching: All right. Thanks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Next question comes from Jon Komp from Baird. Please go ahead.
Jon Komp: Yes. Hi. Good afternoon. Thank you. Steve, maybe just a follow-up on the gross margin assumptions for the second half. Can you maybe just talk about how your promotional assumptions changed for the second half, if at all, versus what you maybe previously thought embedded in the gross margin? And then, bigger picture, any change in your confidence that you should be a low 50s gross margin business over time?
Steve Fasching: Yes. I think, answering the last question first, it depends, right? It depends on everything that's going on. So the gross margin decline, again, on a full year guide, because that's what we provided, the 51.5 to 50.5. The large majority of that is currency driven. So when you do your model and you calculate what we just delivered in the first half and you calculate your second half, the large bulk of that decline is driven by the further strengthening of the US dollar. And just one other item to recall is Q3 and Q4 are big quarters for us, with Q3 being the biggest. So we are going to feel more of that currency impact in Q3, because we have more business, wholesale direct business on the international front. So that is -- there is a slight component of an increased promotion factored into that. But, again, a large majority of the change or reduction is driven by foreign currency.
Jon Komp: Got it. Understood. And then maybe, Dave, switching to HOKA. Could you share a little bit more on your reaction to what you've seen following the launch of the marketing campaign this summer? I know you mentioned a pretty impressive improvement in awareness. Just curious, how marketing has contributed to that. And as you think for HOKA, the balance of this year and into next year, what are you looking at in terms of what could be the most incremental for growth going forward here for HOKA?
Dave Powers: Yes. I would say, on the marketing, we're very happy with how the FLY HUMAN FLY campaign has been received globally. It's been very early received from all of our partners around the globe. It's resonating very well with the consumer. We shared some of the metrics in the prepared remarks. And those results are incredible. In L.A. and New York to have that kind of uplift on additional marketing spend. And we are shifting more money to top of funnel and experiencing with different mediums. And we're learning a lot, and it's paying off. So we're going to continue to do that. As you know, we've said for many years now, we're going to continue to invest in our brands through marketing and talent. And this is just a great indication of when we get a powerful unified global campaign for this brand and move some more money to the top of the funnel that has a very positive impact. And so that's a new learning for us. We're going to continue to lean into that and explore different ways of connecting with our consumer. I think for HOKA going forward, we have some exciting launches. We just lost -- we're launching the Clifton 9 coming up in Q4. That's going to be a major launch for us. And we're continuing to have a very healthy and exciting pipeline of product. But as we've talked about before, we're dominant in run and trail. We need to bolster our opportunities in hike. And we're getting tremendous response from some of our lifestyle distributions such as Free People in the US. And so it's extending the reach of our brand. It's bringing in a younger, more fashionable consumer. And really, it's hitting on all cylinders. So it's just a matter of where we want to focus our launches, where we want to focus our marketing spend and drive the upside surgically over the next six months. But there's a lot of opportunity here. We're just really optimized -- focused on optimizing margin and sell-through and creating awareness at a top level.
Jon Komp: Great. Thank you very much.
Dave Powers: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Sole from UBS. Please go ahead.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much. Dave, I want to follow-up on the HOKA question. I think in the opening remarks, you mentioned that your long-term vision is to build HOKA into a multibillion dollar brand. Maybe can you just elaborate on how your vision has evolved over the last three months? What you see is the potential for HOKA? And if you could put any numbers around that multibillion, do you mean $2 billion, $3 billion? Anything around that would be helpful. And then, Steve, just on the guidance for the year, I think you said down mid-single digits, but could you give us a constant currency guide for UGG for the full year? Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yeah. Good question, Jay. I think obviously, for HOKA, the growth-on-growth that we're experiencing now, the scale of that business, the multiple categories that we're doing very well in and the expansion into more lifestyle product and distribution, all with still performance product, we're just finding more opportunities. The awareness we said in the script of the brand for non-runner is only around 20%. It's single digits in the international regions. And so when you start doing the math on awareness increases, the category opportunities head-to-toe, the global markets both in our omni-channel distribution, there's clearly a path to a multibillion dollar opportunity. And as I've said before, we don't see this as just a running brand. This is a running, trail, hike brand that is more like a North Face or a Salomon eventually than it is more like a Brook. So we are re-looking at our category approach, we are bolstering up some design and product management talent in our teams, we're elevating our marketing functions and we're going to stay aggressive, because we feel we have a tremendous opportunity to create the next multibillion dollar performance brand.
Steve Fasching: And then, Jay, this is Steve. On an UGG constant currency guidance, it's more like very low single-digit decline.
Jay Sole: Got it, okay. And then can you just talk about October and the weather compares versus last year? How is October started? And last year was negatively impacted by weather in November, is that fair to say specifically in the US? And what's your expectation this year? Thank you.
Steve Fasching: Yes. Go ahead, Dave.
Dave Powers: Yeah. I mean, so far, so good. I mean we spoke about some of the early launches of the Ultra Mini platform products, both in the Ultra and all of Tasman. I mean, we're seeing just incredible response to those products. And we've gotten great press from a lot of the runways in Europe and also in New York. Influencers, they're wearing our product in a compelling way. I think the advertising, the marketing campaign is resonating very well with our consumer. We're getting really good feedback on that, and the sell-through of these extended Classics is exceptional. So we're pleased. And again, we're heading in with a lot of confidence, but we're heading into an environment that is seemingly going to be very promotional. But we're going to try to optimize full price sell-through as best we can and come out clean and healthy.
Jay Sole: Sounds great. Thank you so much.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sam Poser from Williams Trading. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser: Thanks for taking my question. So before I get to questions, Erinn, can you give us the -- my normal question, please, on what the wholesale revenue is by brand?
Steve Fasching: Sure. Sam, that counts as one question.
Sam Poser: No, it doesn't because you should just put it on there. You just tell everybody upfront.
Erinn Kohler: Okay. So UGG wholesale, 361 for the quarter; HOKA wholesale, $223 million; Teva, $20 million; Sanuk, $5 million; other brands, call it, $28 million; and DTC is $239 million of the $875 million in total.
Sam Poser: Okay. Thank you. Okay, so now for questions. The FX, you're looking for what? What are the FX headwinds in total that you're looking for in the back half? I'll just ask all my questions together. What are your replenishment expectations for UGG built into your guidance for the third and fourth quarters? And I'll just do those two and I got one more.
Dave Powers: Yeah. So on the second half, as we said in the call script, there's $70 million of currency headwinds for the company in the back half of the year.
Steve Fasching: Just back half.
Dave Powers: Yeah. And then in terms of replenishment…
Sam Poser: On the gross margin, though, on the gross margin, what's the headwind on the growth like just for the back half? That's for the full year?
Steve Fasching: Correct. $140 million on back half.
Dave Powers: Yeah. I'll just double check that real quick. Do you get the right info?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. So $110 million on the first half impact, and then $140 million on the full year impact, and then you can back into the second half impact.
Sam Poser: My math isn't good. But -- and then with UGG, what percent of the UGG business in the third and fourth quarter is international versus US? And how does that break down from a wholesale to DTC scenario? Because it looks like the DTC business, I would assume that's very US centric, and the demand just looks like it's exceptionally strong. So I mean, how are you thinking about wholesale and DTC from a -- you can do a currency neutral or whatever, just in for UGG for the balance of the year, especially DTC?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. So second half wholesale, we're looking down a little bit. So again, all brands, global; and then DTC, we're looking up. So roughly speaking, kind of low single digits down on the wholesale second half and high single-digit-ish up on the DTC back half.
Sam Poser: But I would assume that would mean that UGG wholesale is down a lot, just given how strong it was last year and the FX, that's offset by high increases balance different with HOKA. Is that a fair way to think about it?
Steve Fasching: Yes. And again, part of that wholesale dynamic, to the earlier question, is because last year, we had a lot that went out in the second half. We had a lot that went out in Q4, specifically, especially as we were replenishing depleted wholesale inventories with incoming inventory that arrived in Q4.
Sam Poser: All right. Thank you very much. Continued success.
Steve Fasching: All right. Thanks, Sam.
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. Please, go ahead.
Dana Telsey: Good afternoon. As you think about the progress in the channels of wholesale and DTC, you had mentioned on one of the last calls about expanded distribution. What are you seeing for UGG and for HOKA in terms of distribution and where you're looking to position? And then on the DTC side, when you talk about eliminating goods through your own channel, given its more productive, where are you seeing more of the strength coming from and how you're planning DTC, both in, whether it's outlet or full price going forward? Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yes. Good question, Dana. So in UGG, there really isn't extended distribution happening. So we're sticking to our tight distribution framework that we have globally. We've been working hard at establishing that, closing more accounts than opening. So we're not really in an expansion mode for distribution in UGG. We're trying to consolidate, work with the strategic players that we have tremendous relationships with an optimized DTC. For HOKA, it's a little bit different. We obviously want to optimize DTC, and we're doing a great job with that. But we are strategically expanding two doors, not in a massive scale, but I'll give you an example in the US. Coming up in Q3 this fall, we're going to expand up to 100 doors in DSG with DICK'S Sporting Goods. So we're slowly opening up more doors with that account and expanding a little bit. We're testing Foot Locker. And then, so -- but beyond that, there really isn't much distribution expansion for either of our brands. What we're seeing is higher rates of productivity and full price sell-through in the accounts we have. Those accounts are like DICK'S Sporting Goods and Foot Locker are new-ish and we're still learning a lot. But the growth that we're seeing in existing accounts and the productivity in those doors is very exciting, similar to what we're seeing in DTC. And then we're going to continue to strategically thoughtfully expand distribution, because we don't really need a lot more distribution right now, with the demand we're seeing in the channels we have, and we want to enter into any new distribution in a quality brand building way. From a DTC perspective, we use that strategically. One of the beauty of our omni model is that we can shift pretty easily between wholesale and e-commerce and retail. And we use the DTC channel strategically to exit some goods at a high healthy margin, but also use that as an acquisition for new customer retention. Inventory, we were so tight last year in inventory that we didn't have probably any excess. You'll see a little bit more on our UGG and HOKA websites perhaps than you've seen in the past, but that's strategic because we make more money in those sales on our own accounts and we get the consumer data versus discounting heavily in the marketplace. So we want to control this as much as we can, and strategically use DTC as an engine to drive growth and profit and also acquisition.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Operator: Our last question is from Jim Duffy from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jim Duffy: Thank you. Hello, guys. Really nice work from an operational standpoint, I'm sure that hasn't been easy. So kudos to the team. My question, I wanted to focus on UGG product diversification. You highlighted some great progress. Can you speak specifically to UGG diversification traction in international markets? Is it lagging North America? Has the uptake of styles like the Tasman and the MINI been a US centric phenomenon, or is that also showing in international markets? Any perspective you could provide there would be great.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. No, it's a great question. And it's interesting because we've had such success with more fashionable styles. The Fluff was a big acquisition opportunity for us with the younger consumers, and there's a lot more fashion and fund. But what you're seeing right now is the excitement around our Classics extension. So the team has done a tremendous job of taking our core Classics, which we, as you know, we've managed incredibly well over the last three years, pulling back on distribution, allocating inventory. And now we're going back to these accounts with a more expanded classic offering, which is right on trend. The platform trend is out there in a big way. That product is selling well globally, as well as the Tasman as is a little bit more behind on a new international level. But generally speaking, the diversification into heritage Classics and kind of more fashionable product is serving this brand incredibly well. We're bringing in more diverse consumers. We're bringing in younger consumers, people are purchasing more often. International is a little bit behind on, for example, China is having a moment now with Fluff, where US and Europe, that was last year. So it's just a little bit of a different cadence in some of the international markets versus the US, but all the product is resonating. The one difference in, I would say, the Asia Pacific region is that, they have a higher penetration of Classics overall, but they also have a much higher penetration of sneakers in those markets, which have been resonating very well also, which gives us more opportunity to lean into that category going forward, which is a big one for the UGG brand to capture. So strategy is working great. You're going to see an expanded focus on classics and more functional product coming into next year, which we believe will be accretive to margin and ASP and still some market share from others in that space as well. So lots of opportunity, we've got some work to do on bolstering men's at the moment and putting more marketing behind that category. But overall, the new product is resonating well and we're very optimistic.
Jim Duffy: Very helpful. Then just one more. Steve, you made some comments on difficult comparisons in the fourth quarter that seems more UGG-specific point of clarification. Is there a HOKA element to that as well that we should think about modeling those brands?
Steve Fasching: Yes. There is a HOKA element. So I think the important thing to remember there was in both Q2 and Q3 last year, we were really starved for HOKA inventory. And that really arrived in Q4. So we had a kind of pent-up demand that was being fulfilled in Q4. And so you saw a big spike in HOKA Q4 of last year, and we're comping that this year. So yes, that – HOKA does play a part in Q4 as well as UGG.
Jim Duffy: Very good. Thank you, guys.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Jim.
End of Q&A:
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session, and the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-07-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands First Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, VP, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning. Please go ahead.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company’s safe harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding changes in consumer behavior, strength of our brands and demand for our products; changes to our product allocation, segmentation and distribution strategies; changes to our marketing plans and strategies; changes to our capital allocation strategies; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and supply chain; our anticipated revenues; brand performance; product mix; gross margins; expenses; inventory and liquidity position; our potential repurchase of shares; and impacts of the macroeconomic environment on our operations and financial conditions. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management’s current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties and its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I’ll now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I’m excited to dive into another quarter of exceptional results, which represent a strong start to fiscal year 2023 and further progress towards our long-term strategies. First quarter revenue increased 22% versus last year to $614 million, and we delivered earnings per share of $1.66. Revenue growth was primarily driven by HOKA as the brand achieved its first ever $300 million quarter. With strong HOKA growth, we were able to deliver another profitable first quarter as we continue to reduce the historical seasonality of our portfolio through the expansion of year round HOKA demand and further diversifying the category mix. Importantly, our first quarter result demonstrated momentum behind our long-term vision to build HOKA into a multibillion dollar major player in the performance athletic space further diversify the UGG brands product, geographic and seasonal mix, grow our DTC business through consumer acquisition and retention, and drive international markets through strategic investments. We are making clear progress in each of these initiatives. During the first quarter, HOKA delivered global revenue of $330 million, an increase of 55% versus last year. UGG products mix shifted into sandals away from seasonal fall styles. UGG regional mix shifted towards international regions, as these markets drove year-over-year revenue growth. Global DTC across all brands grew 15% as a result of increasing consumer acquisition and retention by 13% and 28%, respectively, and revenue from international markets increased 36% versus last year, which includes earlier distributor shipments. These highlights reflect the strength of Deckers marketplace management and omni-channel capabilities across our portfolio of exciting brands. Our disciplined approach to managing brands, markets and distribution channels continues to serve us well, as we create the future of Deckers. While the macroeconomic environment is evolving quickly, I’m confident in a consumer demand of our brands and our team’s ability to remain nimble and deliver on our goals in this dynamic environment. Steve will provide further details around our forward-looking expectations later in the call. In the meantime, let’s dive into the brand and channel performance for the first quarter of fiscal year 2023. Starting with the brand highlights, global HOKA revenue for the first quarter increased 55% versus last year to $330 million. This is a significant achievement that resulted in HOKA global revenue and the trailing 12 months, and in June 30, breaking the billion dollar barrier with much more growth ahead. The HOKA brands exceptional growth also delivered a new milestone for Deckers as a whole with HOKA revenue representing more than 50% of total portfolio quarterly revenue for the first time. With its year on-demand that utilizes infrastructure during off peak UGG periods and full price selling at premium price points. The HOKA brands growing scale is improving Deckers overall quarterly financial and operational performance. The HOKA brands strong quarter featured outstanding revenue growth across the brands far reaching global ecosystem of access points highlighted by international markets increasing 66% versus last year, led by the strength of the EMEA region, which was partially influenced by the timing of selling for our distributors as we strategically build new markets. U.S. increasing 49% versus last year, with DTC growth leading wholesale global DTC increasing 58% versus last year, driven by continued momentum with retained consumers, as well as the continued acquisition of new consumers and global wholesale increasing 53% versus last year, as the brand increased market share and existing accounts and benefited from select doors added to strategic accounts. We were excited by the positive brand indicators and continued share gains that HOKA is building upon across its entire global distribution network. A few highlights include increasing market share within U.S. run specialty, while commanding higher retail prices. Focus styles accounting for at least half of the top 10 styles according to aggregated U.S. run specialty store data. Doubling revenue in France led by gains in Paris, which was our third fastest growing European city during the quarter, and APAC driving the highest regional GDP growth rate led by strengthen both China and Japan as these countries benefited from stores eating awareness with consumers. Across the globe HOKA stores have continued to build excitement with a new audience and drive compelling levels of traffic and purchase activity. This is especially exciting in China, which has been a slow build as HOKA took some time to find its voice with consumers local to the region. With a refined visual merchandising strategy enhancing the consumer experience, our China’s stores are now driving higher conversion rates and we’re better equipped as we open additional locations in the region. In the U.S., the retail team continues to work towards opening the HOKA brands first permanent location in New York City during the spring of calendar year 2023. This is an exciting endeavor as the HOKA store will feature an elevated design that is fit for our premier performance brand. In the meantime, HOKA is opening a second New York City pop-up location near Lincoln Center within the next month. Our Chicago location which was opened in the last 3 months is seeing excellent traffic and driving strong conversion, giving us even greater confidence in a consumer appetite for HOKA retail stores. We will take a disciplined approach to opening a limited number of doors. But we’re excited about the opportunity to engage with consumers in key cities around the world. Further on direct-to-consumer across global markets, HOKA continues to increase the number of acquired and retained consumers that remarkable levels compared to the prior year. During the quarter, DTC acquisition increased 48% and retention increased 58% versus last year, with gains among 18 to 34 year old consumers far outpacing these increases. This led to a 4 percentage point increase in the mix of 18 to 34 year old, among individuals purchasing from hoka.com. We are seeing incredible momentum behind HOKA as the brand continues to inspire humans to fly over the earth. The HOKA brand ethos is echoed through its new globally integrated marketing campaign dubbed Fly Human Fly. This campaign was thoughtfully designed as an invitation for humans around the world to experience the HOKA arrived. As part of the campaign, HOKA launched the fifth edition of the Mach, which has quickly become a top 5 style for the brand, as well as a completely redesigned consumer website. The upgraded website features a brand new aesthetic that elevates product presentation with greater technical detail and enhances the visibility of brand values and storytelling throughout the site. Fly human fly has been live for just over a month now. And we’ve been very pleased with the consumer response and feedback for our wholesale partners. But the fly human fly landing page at hoka.com, 83% of visitors were new, which aligns with the campaign’s intent to reach a new audience. We believe this campaign will have a significant impact on building awareness of HOKA as we expand the brand into a multibillion dollar major player in the performance space over the long-term. Speaking of performance, I’d like to congratulate HOKA sponsored athlete, Adam Peterman, for winning the 100 mile 2022 Western states race. This was an incredible feat for Adam having this been his first time ever competing in 100 mile race. He won while wearing recently launched HOKA Speedgoat 5, which is a completely redesigned version of the brand’s most popular trail shoe with less weight and enhanced traction with Vibram Megagrip to inspire confidence in any terrain. Results like these emphasize that HOKA brands leadership is a premier performance brand, enabling athletes to achieve peak levels of performance. Other congratulations to Adam and all the other athletes who competed in this year’s HOKA sponsored Western states 100. Moving to UGG, global revenue in the quarter decreased 2% versus last year to $208 million dollars. Outperformance was driven by higher international wholesale and distributor selling that was offset by category shift dynamics, impacting the brands global direct-to-consumer business. The UGG brands international regions continue to experience benefits from the marketplace allocation and segmentation strategies implemented to build brand heat and increased demand overseas. With core fall product limited in the marketplace that was able to drive full price sell through during the past holiday season, and generate open buy opportunities in the spring season, driving the quarter’s results. UGG captured incremental market share with transition styles such as the Ultra Mini and Coquette as well as the newly launched Sport Yeah sandal, all of which are driving sell through. Briefly touching on the category dynamics impacting UGG global DTC. Over the last couple of years, the Fluff franchise experienced increased relevance as consumers turn to UGG for comfortable and stylish hybrid slippers to wear in the home. Expecting shifts in consumer behavior towards outdoor wearing, the UGG product team continued to evolve the franchise with the introduction of more spring, summer and outdoor ready styles, which included the Sport Yes Sandal. Sandals were the standout category for UGG during the quarter showing the strong demand for the brand outside of the fall and winter timeframe. While successful in shifting consumer adoption from heritage fluff franchise styles into beach ready styles. The lower average selling price in the sandal category created a revenue headwind relative to the exceptional volumes of Fluff that were sold during Q1 in the last 2 years. That said, the Fluff Yeah continues to be as top style among acquire and retain consumers, including with 18 to 34 year old. Across a global direct-to-consumer even though revenue dollars are below last year due to these product mix shifts, demand for UGG remain robust as the brand experienced increases of 8% and 13% and acquired and retain consumers respectively versus the prior year. Importantly, international DTC acquisition and retention gains are trending well ahead of these global figures as we continue to build brand heat overseas. He styles driving new consumer acquisition globally include the aforementioned Fluff Yeah and Sport Yeah, as well as the Clem in golden star fashion sandals, and the Tasman franchise which continues to be on fire. We are encouraged by the continued consumer interest and broader adoption of the UGG brands diverse product assortment. Overall, the first quarter represented a solid start to the year for UGG. We believe UGG is well positioned to drive a successful fiscal year 2023. And I’m even more excited for the brand’s future, after our recent announcement of Anne Spangenberg as the President of Fashion Lifestyle. Anne as a proven leader with meaningful experience building brands across our industry, most recently serving as Nike’s Chief Merchant, and has already hit the ground running in the last few weeks as she begins to immerse herself with all things UGG, and engage with our talented brand team and cross functional business partners. In her new role, and we’ll be building upon the strategic priorities for UGG, focusing on product diversification, consumer adoption and franchise evolution across our omni-channel marketplace. I’d like to welcome, Anne, and thank the UGG team for the cross functional collaboration and teamwork that enabled the brand to maintain a strong position in the market as we work to fill this role. From a channel performance perspective in the first quarter, global wholesale segment revenue including distributors was the primary driver of growth increasing 25% versus last year. Strengthen these channels resulted primarily from continued global market share gains for HOKA, as well as the benefits from added doors with strategic accounts. UGG also contributed to wholesale revenue gains based on the continued adoption of the brand’s diverse product assortment among international regions, which continue to benefit from marketplace reset activities. On direct-to-consumer global revenue for the first quarter increased 15% versus the prior year. DTC growth was driven by significant increases in consumer acquisition and retention for the HOKA brand, which was partially offset by the category and seasonal dynamics unique to the UGG brand that I covered earlier in the call. Overall, our direct-to-consumer business continues to benefit from the HOKA brands growing influence, especially in quarters outside of historical peak selling periods for UGG. The quarter just completed HOKA represented 53% of DTC revenue, which is up from 39% last year and 27% 2 years ago, with nearly all of the HOKA brands DTC business occurring through e-commerce, our most profitable channel. This brand shift dynamic is a creative to our bottom line. With that, I’ll hand the call over to Steve to provide further details on our first quarter financial results, as well as our reaffirmed outlook on fiscal year 2023.
Steven Fasching: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave just shared our first quarter results demonstrated great progress toward the fiscal year guidance that we outlined in May, while we advanced a number of key initiatives for our business this quarter. HOKA was the primary driver of performance as the brand continues to build global market share. UGG revenue came in slightly lower than last year primarily due to category shifts occurring during the quarter, as well as lapping earlier selling during the prior year. But we feel the brand is well positioned to deliver another strong year and are excited for what lies ahead under Anne’s leadership. With ongoing uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment, we’re continuing our disciplined and responsible approach to managing our business and will remain nimble to react to this dynamic environment. Our demand signals lead us to believe that our portfolio brands will continue to resonate well with consumers. And though not immune to the macroeconomic headwinds, Deckers has historically demonstrated an ability to course correct when necessary. We remain committed to our long-term strategies that have continued to serve us well, and we’ll build upon the strong operating model we have built over the last 5 years. Now, let’s get into the details of our first quarter fiscal year 2023 results. First quarter fiscal 2023 revenue was $614 million, up 22% versus prior year. HOKA revenue increased 55% versus last year accounting for nearly all of this quarter’s revenue growth due to the exceptional demand experienced across the brands global ecosystem of access points, and improved inventory availability. For the first time ever, HOKA represented more than 50% of total portfolio quarterly revenue, and over the last 12 months ended June 30, the brand has delivered over $1 billion of revenue. Gross margin for the quarter was 48%, which is down 360 basis points from last year’s 51.6%. This aligned with our first half direction that anticipated headwinds from higher freight costs from ocean and air as well as impacts from unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates that we anticipate will pressure margins for the remainder of this year. Additionally, first quarter gross margin was impacted by product mix and normalized promotional activity for UGG as the brand sold more sandals and discounted select styles in line with pre-pandemic activity and channel mix shifting towards the wholesale and distributor segment, in particular, our international distributor business that shipped product earlier than in years past. These headwinds were partially offset from benefits from increased revenue mix of HOKA is the brand commanded the highest gross margin in the portfolio during Q1 and benefits from HOKA price increases. SG&A dollar spend in the first quarter was $238 million, which is up 20% from last year’s $199 million. As a percentage of revenue, we delivered 60 basis points of leverage to help offset freight and FX impact to gross margin. Our tax rate was 21.3%, which compares to 21.9% in the prior year. These results drove diluted earnings per share of $1.66 for the quarter, which was $0.05 below last year’s $1.71 per share. Turning to our balance sheet. At June 30, 2022, we ended June with $695 million of cash and equivalents. Inventory was $840 million, up 83% versus the same point in time last year. And important to note that last year’s inventory levels were below normal operating levels as a result of supply chain disruption and during the period we had no outstanding borrowings. During the first quarter, we repurchased approximately $100 million worth of shares at an average share price of $260.12. As of June 30 2022, the company had approximately $354 million remaining under its stock repurchase authorization. Subsequent to quarter end, the Board of Directors approved an increase of $1.2 billion on top of the company’s existing share repurchase authorization, which now in total represents more than 15% of our market capitalization, highlighting the board’s confidence in our long-term strategic plan. Now for supply chain update. Over the last several quarters, we’ve shared an update on the status of our logistics network and our continued mitigation efforts as we navigate macro supply chain disruption. We are pleased that there have been relative improvement in this area in Q1, but I will share some brief thoughts before I touch on our fiscal year 2023 outlook. Transit times have improved relative to last year, but we are still experiencing latency and lower visibility into the timing of inventory with nearly 40% in transit, and thus are continuing to prioritize holding inventory in the country of sale. For example, during the first quarter inventory generally arrived earlier than anticipated, as a result, we shipped more product out. However, with low visibility into when certain shipments will arrive, we are comfortable holding higher levels of inventory to enable our brands to meet the significant marketplace demand we are seeing. So difficult to predict the timing of when inventory will land, we expect that heightened inventory levels will continue throughout this fiscal year. On the cost front, we are confident that the price increases implemented in the HOKA and UGG brands will offset freight headwinds and help bolster second half margins to deliver our full fiscal year 2023 guidance. Given the earlier arrival of inventory, we now expect to use less air freight than originally anticipated for the HOKA brand. However, as the dollar has continued to strengthen, we are anticipating greater currency headwinds, and this reduction in planned airfreight should help offset these currency pressures. Now, turning to our guidance. And with these dynamics in mind, we are reaffirming our full fiscal year 2023 guidance, which as a reminder includes revenue growth of 10% to 11% versus last year, gross margin 50 basis points higher than last year anticipating approximately 51.5%. SG&A at approximately 34% of revenue and operating margin in the range of 17.5% to 18%; a tax rate in the range of 22% to 23%; and with the share repurchase executed during the first quarter just completed, diluted earnings per share will now be expected to be in the range of $17.50 to $18.35, reflecting a $0.10 increase. While we have maintained our overall guidance, I’d like to highlight a few additional items contemplated within the guidance, which include stronger HOKA revenue growth now expected to increase in the 40% range versus last year, reflecting upside from greater inventory availability, which aligns to our expectation of using less air freight than originally anticipated, and incremental foreign currency headwinds, primarily affecting UGG growth due to the brands wholesale business model and concentration of planned growth from the international regions. This reaffirmation of guidance excludes any charges that may be considered onetime in nature, and does not contemplate any impact from additional share repurchases. Additionally, our guidance assumes no meaningful deterioration of current risks and uncertainties, which include but are not limited to further impacts of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and economic conditions, including supply chain disruptions, constraints and related expenses, labor shortages, inflationary pressures, changes in consumer confidence and recessionary pressures, further strengthening of the U.S. dollar and geopolitical tensions. While macroeconomic uncertainty persists, we believe in the power of our brands and continue to see positive signs of consumer demand. Deckers has a history of remaining nimble displaying the unique ability to react as marketplace dynamics evolve, and we are well positioned to deliver compelling revenue growth and top tier operating margins. Thanks, everyone. I’ll now hand the call back to Dave for his final remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Steve. We are quite pleased with the start to fiscal year 2023. As our portfolio drove revenue growth above 20% in the first quarter, and our organization continued to make progress against key strategic initiatives. I want to congratulate the entire HOKA team and all of the shared service individuals that support the brand on reaching the billion dollar revenue milestone. This is a huge feat for HOKA but also for Deckers as a whole to have a second brand in our portfolio to reach this significant point of scale. The exciting part for our company is that we believe HOKA has much more growth ahead as the brand stays laser focused on rhis strategic expansion plan. The brand’s fly human fly campaign is just the beginning of our journey to build awareness and broaden the consumer aperture for HOKA. From a talent perspective, we are fortunate to have bolstered our executive leadership team with the recent promotion of Angela Ogbechie to Chief Supply Chain Officer, and the hiring of Anne Spangenberg as President of Fashion Lifestyle. I’m excited to be working closely with both of these experienced leaders and look forward to their contributions that are sure to further enhance Deckers workplace culture, and drive success against our long-term strategic initiatives. I’d also like to thank our executive leadership team and all of our employees for remaining flexible and staying focused on our goals, while managing through transition. With our strong portfolio of brands, dedicated employees and discipline management of the business, I don’t think I’ve ever been this excited for the opportunities ahead for Deckers. And I view the Board of Directors recently approved increased to our share repurchase authorization, which in total now represents more than 15% of Deckers current market capitalization as an impressive vote of confidence in our company, brands, people and strategic plan for the future of our organization. A big thank you to all of our stakeholders for your continued support. With that, I’ll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Jonathan Komp with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Thank you. Good afternoon. I want to ask just first on the UGG brand. Curious to maybe get your thoughts on just the overall health of the UGG brand in the marketplace, maybe this is more of a domestic question. But just levels of inventory comfort with orders that you may have with your wholesale partners and just overall thoughts on how you expect UGG to fare in the current environment?
Dave Powers: Yeah. This is Dave. I can answer the beginning of that. We’re pleased with how UGG is performing. It’s down a little bit for the quarter as expected. And that’s largely due to us trying to lap the Fluff Yeah business from last year. So you can attribute pretty much all the miss or the decline versus last year, I should say, to the Fluff franchise. And we’ve made up some ground on that with Sport Yeah, and some of the other classic slippers which are doing well. But the Sport Yeah is at a lower price point. So, as an example, on our e-commerce website in the U.S., sales were down for UGG brand, but units were up. So it’s a quarterly dynamic, we’re working through the tail end of the fluff business. But their core business across the globe is still strong and healthy. Our order book is strong and healthy. And, we feel that our chances are good in the rest of the year and we certainly have the inventory in place to do that. Steve can talk a little bit more about the inventory. But the good news is we have inventory here. It’s here earlier, and we’re able to get it to our accounts earlier. So the setup from a brand perspective, going into the back half of the year is still looking good. But we’re being a little bit cautious here, because it’s still early in the year and there’s a lot of concerns about over inventory in the channel and the consumer. But as far as the brand health goes globally, we’re still seeing very positive signs, order books are still looking healthy. And we have inventory should the business be there to be after.
Steven Fasching: Yeah, I think, Jon, just to add on to that, as Dave said, order books holding up we’re seeing strong demand for the brand so we feel good about that. As we said on inventory, we were going to bring inventory in earlier this year, so kind of on message we’re delivering on that. That is contributing to an increase in our inventory levels, which again, just remind everybody at last year’s levels were unusually low and below normal operating level. So feel okay with the inventory, where it stands, that will continue to build, but we’re well positioned from that standpoint to fulfill the orders that we have. And we’re continuing to see consumer response to it. So still very positive on how UGG is performing and the outlook. And then just to remind everybody, we’re coming off too strong years of UGG growth. And as we said well documented through last year, it was replenishing depleted levels of inventory in the channel. So we’re comping strong growth as well as replenishing inventory and feel comfortable about that.
Jonathan Komp: Yeah, great. And then maybe just one separate question on HOKA. Dave, I think you mentioned broadening the aperture of the brand, and I wanted to just follow-up and get your thoughts, maybe both near-term any specific initiatives, and then longer-term? What your views of that comment, and the opportunity for HOKA that you see today?
Dave Powers: Yeah, it’s really related to two things. One is just expanding the reach of the product to reach new consumers, and then also expanding our reach internationally, particularly in China. But this is at its core, a running brand, and we have incredible authenticity, and are very important brand in that space. And we’ll maintain that authenticity as we go forward. Hence, the Western states and the UTMB, and the Ironman championships that is the core of this brand, and always will be. But we obviously see expanded opportunity in trail and hike, and then in walking and also lifestyle. So, we are well aware of the fact that there’s a broad base of consumers that are purchasing the HOKA brand across age groups demographics and end use. And so with the new Fly Human Fly campaign that we launched, reestablishing our authenticity in ultra sports with the events that I mentioned. And at the same time speaking to a broader base consumer that is into the brand for a lifestyle perspective, or walking perspective, or just overall comfort. So we welcome all those consumers, we consider them athletes, they’re on their feet all day, and they need performance footwear, and we’re working on ways to establish more communication and engagement with those folks, while staying true to the authenticity of the brand. And that’s more on a product standpoint, we’re not necessarily opening up new distribution to go after those consumers. We’re pleased with the business index, but we’re in less than 20% of their stores, just starting to go into footlocker and opening more stores globally, particularly in China, where we’re seeing a broad base of consumers coming into our stores and on our websites really loving the brand. But what’s also incredibly exciting on the lower age spectrum is 18 to 34 year olds are increasingly purchasing the HOKA brand. We’re starting to hear comments about people are trading their all white Nikes, for all white HOKAs, so that’s very encouraging for us as well. And we knew a lot of optimism going into the account – of Foot Locker account to see what we can do with the younger consumer there too.
Jonathan Komp: That’s great color. Thanks again.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Jon.
Steven Fasching: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sam Poser with Williams Trading. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Well, I’m just going to do my normal question. Can you give us that you sort of talked a little bit about it on earlier, but can you give us wholesale revenue by category or brand, please?
Erinn Kohler: Hi, Sam, sure. This is Erinn. So wholesale distributor net sales, I’ll give you just that component by brand. So for UGG, that was $138 million, HOKA $232 million, Teva $47 million, Sanuk $11 million, and then all other which includes Koolaburra $2 million. So that gets you to your total wholesale distributor of $429 million.
Sam Poser: Thank you very much. Then a couple of – two more. You lost a bunch of sales in UGG, evenly a good quarter in the third quarter of last year. How are you seeing the third quarter of this year now that your inventory is flowing better? And then with HOKA you’re doing $330 million, can you give us some idea of the cadence to get to the 40% increase that you’re thinking about, because $330 million well above any quarter you’ve ever had. And is that a new normal? Or how should we think about the flow of revenue there to get to the 40%?
Dave Powers: Yeah, so I’ll start with UGG. And then, I’ll let Steve tackle the HOKA question. So we’re optimistic about UGG in the queue in Q3, as you said, we were late on inventory last year. We potentially missed some sales last year. And the good news is that we have inventory, obviously, in the channel earlier, and we have more inventory coming. So from an inventory standpoint, I think we’re going to be in very good shape for Q3. There’s just a lot of questions out there still on the consumer level of promotions, et cetera. We’re not – we’ve in the last couple of years for UGG in Q3, we’ve been very, very clean, minimal promotions, tight on inventory. We see a little bit of return to normalize season, but we’re not expecting or modeling in heavy promotional activity at this point. We want to protect the health of the brand and not chase top-line, because we think we can make up a lot of revenue if we need to, on the year with HOKA. But as far as how the setup looks, we’re in inventory position, we have exciting new product launches in the UGG brand, we think are going to resonate very well. And we have a new campaign, a holiday campaign that we’re working on right now. So as far as tackling the opportunity, we’re in good shape. I think their question is their macroeconomic environment globally, and what that’s going to do to not necessarily just the brand, but the wholesale partners, who are tight on inventory as well or heavy on inventory in general.
Steven Fasching: Yeah, then Sam on the HOKA question, what we said and kind of indicated in a strong quarter one performance, where we ship more product was increased availability of inventory in June, and that was largely driven by HOKA. And so that gave us an opportunity to ship product more than what we kind of anticipated could happen with the availability of inventory, that was largely HOKA driven, right? And so, I think what you’re seeing in the quarter is our ability to get that product into the market a little bit sooner than what we expected, which is always encouraging and will closely watch them sell through. But that’s what’s driving some of this timing issue. And, again, going back to why we’re not giving quarterly guidance. We’re just seeing timing, shifting between quarters. And so it’s very difficult with what we’re dealing with to kind of precisely show when things are going to go. But when we have an opportunity to move product out a little bit earlier than what we anticipated, we’re going to take full advantage of it. And that’s really what you’ve seen with HOKA in this quarter.
Sam Poser: Yeah. One last thing, do you expect the DTC business to outgrow wholesale this year, given sort of the some of the maneuvers at the end of last year in the wholesale shipments?
Steven Fasching: Yeah, I think right now, the way we’re kind of looking at things is equivalent between those channels. So, still early and we’ll see, but right now, the way we’re looking at is kind of equivalent.
Sam Poser: Thank you for continued success.
Dave Powers: Yeah. Thanks, Sam.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with Exane BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good afternoon. Thank you very much for taking my question. I wanted to follow-up on HOKA and the global marketing campaign. Dave, were there any key learnings you could share with us from that campaign? And can you remind us, I think in the 10-K for fiscal year 2022 marketing was about 8% of sales meaningfully up over from like a few years ago got 5%, which is great to see. Steve, where do you think marketing goes for this fiscal year? And can you maybe talk a little bit about the nuances, the spread maybe in terms of marketing spend, as a percentage of sales differed between the two big brands?
Dave Powers: Yeah, I’ll talk a little bit about HOKA. This is the first global campaign that the brand has ever done. So we felt that it’s important to refresh the messaging and the communication from the brand. And, we’ve obviously evolved our thinking as to what this brand can be for folks globally. And, we’ve been on a track of inspiring athletes all around the world of all types to get active and be there for them. And so this is a way for us to bring all the different product launches that we go through, whether it’s a Clifton, or Bondi, or Speedgoat, to have a little bit more consistency in the look and feel of the campaign to have a consistent tone of voice and to be more consistent with global consumers around the globe. So we’re very pleased with how it’s been received. We’re getting very positive feedback from our wholesale partners. We’re getting very positive KPIs on our website. The amount of new visitors for the quarter was up tremendously and very healthy for us, as you see in some of the retention and acquisition figures are all heading in the right direction. And we think this is a foundation and a story that we can continue to build on head to toe and build real power, and an aspirational positioning for the brand. So far, so good. I think we need to add in a little bit more grittiness, if that’s the right word into the campaign and pull off some of the great performances and athletes in the UTMB and Western states in Ironman and leverage those influencers a little bit more in the campaign. But we feel the platform is right. The redesign of the website is proven to be very successful so far, our landing page, spend time and dwell time and conversion rates are up. And so we’re very pleased. But it’s the beginning of a long journey with this campaign. And but so far, we’re seeing great adoption globally, and positive reaction from consumers and wholesale accounts.
Steven Fasching: Yeah. Hi, Laurent, this is Steve. Just on the marketing spend. We – over the past few years, we have been increasing marketing spend. As it relates to brands, we spend more in marketing on proportional basis to sales on HOKA and we do other brands, and that is part of what’s driving our overall market increase and marketing as a percentage of revenue increase. What we’re seeing, as Dave just articulated is great productivity with our marketing spend. And what’s contributing to building brand awareness, as we talked about quite a bit, HOKA brand awareness is still relatively low in comparison to other brands. And so, with the marketing spend, with the campaigns that we’re launching, we’re seeing great productivity and how that’s driving consumer awareness of the brand and building brand awareness. So it’s a lever that we’re using very efficiently and productively and will continue to do that. And as you’ve seen with the global campaign, and as Dave said, we’ll continue to refine and continue to build awareness through those campaigns.
Laurent Vasilescu: That’s great. Great to hear. And then as a follow-up question, I think, you mentioned in your remarks, Dave, on Foot Locker, maybe you can give us a little more granularity on what type of consumer you’re seeing there. What’s the response? And then, Steve, I think in your 10-K, you signed another lease for a pretty significant distribution center. That should be up and running over the next year or two followed by the Indiana Distribution Center last year. Can you just maybe kind of frame up the need for that? Is that is that to really focus on the multibillion dollar target for HOKA. Is there a channel effort there? It’s in wholesale DTC any color on that would be very helpful. Thank you
Dave Powers: Sure. I’ll tackle Foot Locker first. So it’s early days, we just put the product in Foot Locker. It’s in a handful of position stores that we feel are right for the consumer going after, which is younger, more athletic minded, but still fashion minded consumer in stores that we think the Foot Locker group can represent the brand positively, and then we’re online with some styles as well. So too early to share any results, but I will say that, we’re pleased with how it’s the launch has gone, we’re pleased with the feedback we’re getting from footlocker. As I mentioned, we’re seeing younger consumers, more increasingly adopt the brand. So we feel good about it long-term. So far, so good at the launch, we’re going to take our time and maintain the discipline that we always have with expanding distribution, much like we’ve done with Dick’s. But both of those are strategic and reaching consumers where they want to shop in environments that can showcase the brand in a positive way, they’re both doing that. And we’re going to continue to monitor and see how things go. But there’s no major plans to drastically increase door count. We’re still in less than 20% of Dick stores. And you can see the results we’re getting through our own DTC channels, so very healthy right now. And we’ll continue to monitor these and trickle out distribution.
Steven Fasching: Yeah. And just on the distribution centers, Laurent, we are, as you mentioned, expanding our presence and space available that is in part to handle the growth that we anticipate with the business and specifically kind of help handle the additional growth in the HOKA business. We do have levers as well. So there – we have other arrangements in 3PLs that we can change distribution patterns. But we have our main facility in Moreno Valley. We’re increasing space in the Midwest, as you mentioned, we also have some distribution through 3PLs on the East Coast that we can also look at. So it’s helping us plan for the future. We know these things take time. What I would also say is, we’re introducing more automation. And so a big part of what we’re developing in the Midwest is an increased automated fulfillment center, so being able to be efficient as we get those up and running efficiently. So more to come on that, but that’s how we’re looking at that.
Laurent Vasilescu: That’s just great to hear. Thank you very much for taking my questions.
Steven Fasching: Right.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Duffy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jim Duffy: Thank you. Good afternoon. Really nice, guys. I wanted to ask about the state of wholesale channel inventories in this specialty running channel, HOKA has clearly been a share gainer. But the category has been very strong. Do you feel HOKA has caught up on having inventory in equilibrium in that channel now? And then, I’m curious if you’re seeing any indications of moderating growth in the category that that’s catching some of the other brands wrong footed on inventory?
Steven Fasching: Yeah, Jim, this is Steve. Good question. We’re watching that carefully. And as you mentioned, we are growing our presence and inventory has increased, we are not at some inventory levels, of some of the others, but our productivity is much higher than other brands. So run specialty is highly productive, I think, we’re probably the most productive brand in many of those outlets, that’s leading to significant turnover of that inventory, so our ability to fulfill it. So, I think, again, as inventory increases, as we have more inventory available, we’re going to continue to feed that channel, there’s more opportunity, I think, and our teams believe that as well. So we’re going to continue to take advantage of that. And now especially with a better inventory position, we’re better positioned to continue to go after that business.
Dave Powers: And I think also, we’re hearing a little bit that some of the run specialty accounts are full, in general with not just HOKA inventory, but all their inventory. So there’s a limited capacity to be able to bring in additional inventory. But as Steve said, the productivity of HOKA versus others is exceptional, high retail, high margin full price sales. So but we have the inventory now and on the way to be able to manage that channel much better than we have in the last two years. We were really in chase mode.
Jim Duffy: The brand indicators super encouraging five of the top 10 styles that’s really impressive.
Dave Powers: Yeah. Yeah. And the other thing on that is we are working on in a more innovative launches. So we’re going to bring innovation and new ideas to market faster, and we’re going to use a lot utilize that channel to do some tests and learn along the way as well and get some new innovative products out faster, utilizing DTC and the run specialty channel at the beginning of calendar year 2023.
Jim Duffy: Great. And Dave, I also want to ask about the addition of Anne Spangenberg, what’s the particular skill set that Anne brings to you that makes her well suited to lead the fashion lifestyle division. And what are the areas you’re most excited about her opportunities to have an impact?
Dave Powers: Yeah, we are collectively, as ELT as a board and as an organization very excited to have and join the company. She has been here now almost three weeks, she’s hit the ground running. She has been a fantastic addition to the ELT. I would say first and foremost, she is the right kind of leader for Deckers. She’s an inspirational leader. She’s an empathetic leader. She’s got incredible experience over her years in Nike, all within merchandising, and storytelling, and brand building. She spent 3 years on the ground in China, redeveloping repositioning that market, and oversaw just a massive business for Nike. And so, the core talent that we love about Anne, she is an exceptional merchant, first and foremost, she understands and appreciates products, she understands how to bring product to market in a compelling way with head to toe storytelling. She knows footwear and apparel. And she’s not from the fashion space. But you know, we have a full team of people who are experts in that space. And what we’re really looking for here is an inspirational leader who can get the best out of that team. And at the same time, really editing and amplifying our storytelling, which is something a lot of people learned from Nike over the years. So we think just the combination of her leadership and merchandising experience, the global execution that she was overseeing at Nike gives us great leadership for this brand and can unlock the true potential of this brand going beyond the $2 billion that it’s at now.
Jim Duffy: Very good. Thank you, guys.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen. Please go ahead.
John Kernan: Excellent. Thanks for taking my question. Congrats on another great quarter.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
John Kernan: Could you talk to price increases you realized in Q1 and what you’re planning for the back half of the year and the impact to gross margin as you’re planning? Thank you.
Steven Fasching: Yeah, John, this is Steve. We haven’t changed anything from what we’ve said previously. So, we have introduced at the beginning of this calendar year price increases related to HOKA, we’re seeing that drive some of the gross margin improvement. Clearly, that’s being and has been offset with the higher freight. It’s helping mitigate some of the pressures. And we’ll continue to face that relate into the next quarter. What we’ve also said and haven’t changed our stance on is price increases on related select product for UGG, that’ll really kick in our Q3. Again, that was part of what we indicated on our initial guidance. So we haven’t changed anything there. So no change in terms of how we’re thinking about price increases, we’re going to continue to monitor that. But our prices are pretty well set for the seasons, and would be more a future opportunity, not anything we would expect in this year.
Dave Powers: Yeah, I think for UGG, specifically, we raised prices and about 30% on the line for Q3. So, but in places where we think we can get it, and we’ve heard that from our wholesale partners that we can get that as well. Yeah.
John Kernan: Got it. Maybe just one quick follow-up. You mentioned specialty running being a little bit full on the wholesale side of things for HOKA. Anything else any other detail you can give as it relates to the wholesale channel for both UGG and HOKA. We have heard some updates from some of your peers in the sector. And it does sound like there’s some caution building in that wholesale channel.
Dave Powers: Yeah, I mean, from what I’m hearing,, I wouldn’t necessarily say it’s caution. But I think wholesalers are filling up on inventory. They’ve been light, for many of their key brands over the last couple of years. And they’re filling up. And logistics is still a challenge for brands and wholesalers. Space is becoming a challenge. And so we’re hearing a little bit about that out there in the marketplace, which is why we think it’s good that we got inventory in early and we were able to get inventory into the channel to capture that space. So I think it’s going to be a dynamic this year that wholesale is going to have to work through as they tried to fill up their inventories and get back in the right position heading into the rest of the year. So we don’t see it really affecting our business yet. Demand is still strong, brand health is so strong. We’re not hearing you know, about crazy cancellations or anything. It’s pretty normalized. So we still feel good about our chances. But that is a dynamic that we’re hearing about.
John Kernan: Understood. Thank you.
Dave Powers: All right. Thanks, John.
Steven Fasching: Thanks, John.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Hey, thanks, guys. I’m curious if maybe you could talk a little bit more about the trends that you saw on the DTC side of the business for each of the brands as you kind of progressed throughout the quarter have things kind of held steady throughout, if you saw sort of ups and downs in the business on the DTC side, or maybe a deterioration issue is moved along again, both for UGG and HOKA. And curious if you could just talk about the inventory a little bit more, I think you mentioned your – you had a high percentage of goods in transit, just curious what the comparison was, versus a year ago and what inventory looks like in terms of units on hand versus last year? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yeah, so I’ll talk about e-commerce a little bit. As you saw from the HOKA results, very healthy quarter for UGG, we did see a lift with the new campaign and the launch, when that kicked in. And so that helped in the back half of the quarter, created a little more excitement, a little more awareness, the first time visitors was in the 70% range. And so, very healthy business has continues to be repeat purchasers, new consumers, younger consumers coming to the site, better KPIs, as I mentioned, on the landing pages and conversion on those pages. So that’s really good. And it’s broad base, it’s across all categories is not really a standout amongst the group. It’s just the whole brand is seeing that level of interest in adoption. Within UGG, the real challenge for DTC, as I mentioned is within the slipper category. And, it’s a combination of the Fluff business slowing down dramatically from where it was a year ago, still aided by the pandemic. So that’s slowed down but we’ve made up some ground with the Sport Yeah. But it’s at a lower price point. So as I mentioned, revenue in DTC was down or e-commerce was down for UGG, but units were up. So I think, as I said, at the point in time dynamic has still think the core business, so I know this core businesses feel strong, heritage slippers still strong, and men still strong. A little softness in kids, but that was also politely related. So aside from that, the brand is still performing on expectation in the categories that we needed to. And as I said, as we get into Q2 and Q3, the Fluff dynamics will be behind us, and it’ll be a more normalized business.
Steven Fasching: And then, Paul, just a little bit on the inventory, in terms of the in transit percentage wise were a little bit better, but on a higher dollar amounts, so we have higher dollar amounts still in transit. I think that’s important to note. And then embedded in that inventory this year versus last year is about $70 million more of additional freight, as rates increased throughout last year. So we’re dealing with a significant amount more of freight, embedded in those higher inventory values as well. And then the other with large percentage increase related to HOKA is we’re ramping the HOKA inventory to support the growth in that business that’s contributing to the higher inventory balance. And just to remind everyone, the average price on a HOKA is greater than the average. So that’s contributing to a lift as well.
Paul Lejuez: Did you say, did you give a breakdown of HOKA versus UGG inventory?
Steven Fasching: No. We don’t.
Paul Lejuez: Okay. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Steven Fasching: All right.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Sole, and this will be the last question. He’s with UBS. Please go ahead.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you for taking my question. You gave a bunch of the key factors that impacted the gross margin in the quarter. Is it possible to give us a little bit more detail around say how much the supply chain cost effective, the gross margin and basis points and then on the supply chain, you mentioned, you’re starting to see some improvement. And you give us a sense of how much it’s improved and what kind of visibility you have into the trajectory of those challenges, maybe getting easier as we go through the fiscal year?
Steven Fasching: Yeah. Sure, Jay. So this is Steve. So of the 360 basis point decline versus last year in the quarter, roughly 260 of it is increased freight. So that’s related to both ocean and air, because we did use some air in Q1, which a year ago, we didn’t start using air freight last year until later in the year. So that’ll be where we’re going to have some headwinds in the first half of the year versus tailwinds when you get into the latter part of the year, so roughly 260 on freight, there’s about 50 basis points related to FX and then everything else were kind of all the other things that we stated. Yeah. And just to remind you, the freight again, as we talked about is inclusive of air and ocean. And then the second part of your question was?
Jay Sole: Just on the supply chain, you said, some improvements, like – yeah, how do you think it trends from here?
Steven Fasching: Yeah, so what we’re seeing and this is what’s contributed to the strong first quarter. We have seen an improvement, as we mentioned, in the prepared remarks. So product is flowing in a little bit sooner than what we anticipated. So we’re seeing things flow. The visibility is still limited, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, too. So we’re still trying to get better gauges on arrival of inventory. Good news is, on the West Coast port, labor negotiations, that’s still ongoing, so we haven’t seen disruption related to that. But again still ongoing, so we’ll keep a close eye on that. So again, seen inventory come in better, which is good, gives us an ability like we demonstrated in the quarter with June and with HOKA and ability to move it out and be in a better position than we were a year ago in order to kind of meet some of the demand. So we’ll see how things go. We’re continuing to work on that continuing to look at ways to improve, but encouraged by some of the improvements that we have seen, but continuing to look for further improvement.
Jay Sole: Got it. Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-05-19 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands' Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, VP investor Relations and Corporate Planning. Please go ahead.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's safe harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements, and include statements regarding changes in consumer behavior, strength of our brands and demand for our products; changes to our product allocation, segmentation and distribution strategies; changes to our marketing plans and strategies; changes to our capital allocation strategy; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and supply chain; our anticipated revenues, brand performance, product mix, gross margins, expenses, inventory and liquidity position and our potential repurchase of shares. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm excited to share our record-breaking fiscal year 2022 results, which include a number of significant achievements. The first time Deckers delivered over $3 billion in annual revenue, and we did so just three years after reaching $2 billion. In total, we delivered fiscal 2022 revenue of $3.15 billion, an increase of 24% over the prior year and nearly 50% above two years ago. Aligned with our commitment to driving top line growth and healthy profitability, Deckers delivered an operating margin just shy of 18%. And lastly, we delivered earnings per share of $16.26, which represents a 21% and 69% increase over last year and two years ago, respectively. As I reflect on this incredible expansion and evolution of our business over the past two years I look forward to seeing our brands build up this momentum, and I'm even more excited about the runway ahead. Of course, none of this will be possible without our dedicated employees and exceptional leadership team collaborating to deliver in a difficult supply chain environment while remaining focused on executing to the long term. Because of these efforts, our performance this year was well aligned with our long-term strategies to drive quality HOKA growth, further diversify and elevate the UGG brand, strengthen and build our DTC business and unlock the full potential of our international markets. More specifically, our progress in these strategic initiatives in fiscal 2022 includes: growing HOKA revenue by 56% over the prior year to nearly $900 million, which represents 28% of the total portfolio revenue, up from 22% last year and 17% two years ago, diversifying UGG revenue and highlighting the brand's success around the core with categories outside of women's classics now representing more than 65% of annual brand revenue, up more than 10 percentage points from five years ago, increasing DTC revenue by 14% versus the prior year and 65% versus two years ago; and expanding our international business, which grew 25% versus last year and 34% versus two years ago. Again, I'm proud of our organization for the hard work that enabled accomplishing these exceptional results while navigating an extremely complicated logistics environment. Looking ahead to fiscal year 2023, we are operating from a position of strength and leveraging the lessons learned over the last 18 months. Deckers has incredible growth ahead, and I have the utmost confidence in the consumer demand for our brands and our team's proven ability to deliver on our goals, even amidst a complex macro environment. Steve will provide more details on our forward-looking expectations later in the call. In the meantime, I will share some details about fiscal 2022 brand and channel performance as well as some context around strategies propelling us forward in fiscal 2023. Starting with the brand highlights. Global fiscal 2022 revenue increased to 15% versus last year to $1.982 billion. This is the second consecutive year of driving double-digit growth. Success in fiscal 2022 was driven by continued consumer adoption of the Brands' diverse product assortment as all major categories increased double digits over the prior year, men's footwear grew to over $300 million after adding approximately $100 million over the last three years, apparel and accessories combined increased 47% over last year, now representing more than 6% of brand mix at more than $100 million and women's Classics continue to drive incremental dollar growth through newness. Consumers adopting a broader assortment of UGG products is directly related to the brand's ability to develop new franchises while innovating existing franchises. The Ultra Mini is a great example of the latter. First introduced in the second half of 2020 as a companion style related to the Brands' core Classic Media and Classic Short, the Ultra Mini has been viewed as something of a sneaker alternative with its greater year-round wearability as it supports a lower ankle height profile. While still very new to the ag assortment, the Ultra Mini has already become a top five DTC style among both newly acquired and retained consumers, and it was just outside of the top five styles among consumers aged 18 to 34 years old. The Tasman is another bugstyle that younger consumers are wearing as a sneaker alternative. The original Tasman has been around for many years now, but the out product team has developed this heritage style into a burgeoning franchise through the infusion of fresh colors, new prints and logo treatments, adding new lightweight and sustainable material options such as our UGG Plush blend of upcycle roll and plant-based lycocell for the Tasman LTA; the introduction of the TAS, a fashion leading platform version; and most recently, the launch of an innovative rain clog, the Tasman X. We are particularly excited about the initial response of the Tasman X, which was featured as part of a broader rain campaign during the fourth quarter and received positive coverage in a number of fashion publications, including a few organic consumer unboxing viral videos on TikTok. With its versatility, year-round relevance and broad consumer appeal, we believe the Tasman franchise can continue to be a key driver of further diversifying and de-seasonalizing the UGG brand. From an omnichannel marketplace management perspective, the UGG brand strategic priorities for the year played out as expected, with domestic wholesale driving impressive growth through a diverse product assortment while refilling the channel inventories, international regions growth rate exceeding the U.S. growth rate for the first time in four years and global direct-to-consumer increasing mid-single digits on top of the more than 30% increase from the prior year. These results are a testament to UGG omnichannel marketplace management as the brand was able to drive strong growth across all channels despite logistics challenges impacting the timing of deliveries and availability of products. This also speaks to the consumer demand for UGG overall, which remains quite high, as evidenced in the fourth quarter just completed. UGG outperformed well beyond our expectations in the fourth quarter as wholesalers accepted later-than-normal deliveries and DTC shoppers weighted beyond the peak holiday season for availability of key items that have been out of stock. Across the full fiscal year 2022, we saw a number of favorable indicators for UGG demand, including: U.S. search interest increasing 9% over last year and 20% over two years ago, according to Google Trends, 18- to 34-year olds remaining the UGG brand's largest age bracket of consumers, incremental purchases of multiple products at the same time, led by Tasman, Neumel and slipper combinations, highlighting our UGG-for-all mantra and an increase in the brand's loyalty program enrollment across every region with nearly 6 million global members at year-end. As the size and scale of the UGG rewards program continues to grow, I want to highlight a few key metrics that emphasize the value of these loyal consumers, such as that members account for approximately 40% or more of revenue in all regions where the program has existed for more than one year and that members spend approximately 40% to 50% more than nonloyalty consumers. Fiscal 2022 was another strong year for the UGG brand, and I'd like to thank the team for their hard work and dedication to delivering back-to-back years of exceptional growth. On the heels of the growth delivered over the last two years, we are placing an emphasis on maintaining the record levels of brand heat across global markets. To do this, we expect to elevate the brands through disciplined and strategic global marketplace management prioritize the consumer experience at DTC to build loyalty, edit to amplify the assortment, driving fewer but more powerful product stories and attracting new consumers through innovative fashion collaborations. I'm proud of the great work the UGG team has delivered and look forward to continued progress towards our strategic goals in the upcoming year. Moving on to HOKA. Global revenue in fiscal 2022 increased 56% versus last year to $892 million, with improved supply, enabling the delivery of strong growth in the fourth quarter, HOKA drove yet another year of record-breaking results with plenty of exciting runway ahead. The HOKA team continues to build a balanced business across the brand an ecosystem of access points, which has enabled growth in every region across all channels. More specifically, from a channel perspective, for the full year, HOKA Global Wholesale accelerated, increasing 55% versus the prior year, with volume that is now larger than the brand's entire business in fiscal 2021 and global direct-to-consumer increased 58% versus last year with strong gains in acquired and retained consumers. With the rapid growth and consumer adoption of HOKA, distribution management remains a critical component of driving awareness with and attracting new consumers. On the wholesale front, I would note that the majority of growth in fiscal 2022 came from market share expansion with existing run specialty and outdoor retailers versus opening new points of distribution. While HOKA has opened new distribution with strategic partners and even expanded door counts with these accounts in certain instances, the brand continues to be highly disciplined about expansion. HOKA has a superb group of wholesale partners who have continued to support the brand's strategic vision, enhance the brand credibility and awareness with core consumers and help broaden the scope of consumers that HOKA reaches. Further to that point, I'd like to provide a little more context around the HOKA brand's growth opportunity at wholesale in the upcoming year and beyond, which includes core to our brand strategy, building market share and run specialty. While in certain locations, HOKA has grown to the number one or number two brand, we have identified several regional growth opportunities within pockets of the U.S. as well as overseas. Volume expansion with strategic partners that have opened in the last two years with the opportunity to increase door counts over time and opening a select number of doors with new strategic accounts. One of these new strategic relationships, I'd like to highlight is Foot Locker. HOKA and Foot Locker have shown mutual interest for several years now, and over that time, created a distribution plan that aligns the interest of both parties. We are excited to be opening HOKA in a limited number of Foot Locker doors beginning this summer, with the intent to increase the brand's exposure with the young consumers in key markets where HOKA is lacking presence with existing distribution. We know from our experience with UGG that the Foot Locker team has a clear perspective on their consumer and believe this valuable partnership can have a considerable impact on HOKA awareness with the 18- to 34-year-old audience. Complementing the HOKA wholesale business, the brand's direct-to-consumer channel has continued to acquire new consumers as well as drive repeat purchases with existing consumers. In fiscal 2022, HOKA global direct-to-consumer acquisition increased 50% versus the prior year, and retention increased 62% versus the prior year. While acquiring new consumers is an important metric as we expand HOKA awareness, increasing customer retention is a critical component of maintaining brand strength and building loyalty. Ultimately, DDC is where HOKA can best showcase the breadth and newness of the brand's innovative product assortment, including apparel, and provide a convenient consumer experience to drive repeat purchases. Over the last year, HOKA drove a more than 40% increase in the number of consumers making multiple purchases as well as those purchasing across multiple categories. Though wholesale remains the primary acquisition point for new consumers, the HOKA brand's digital marketing activations are also driving DDC acquisition with targeted consumers. The specific focus on the 18- to 34-year-old consumer the HOKA brand's digital tactics have been successful in growing the mix of these consumers by two percentage points over last year and six percentage points over two years ago. HOKA is also seeing a fantastic consumer response of the brand's pop-up retail locations. New York has been our strongest performer, but we're also excited about the recently opened pop-up store in Chicago and a relocation in Los Angeles, where we opened a store in Venice, California. We believe HOKA can deliver a premium experience at retail locations by showcasing the breadth of the brand's product offering and driving community engagement. Over the longer term, we see an opportunity to open a limited number of permanent locations in key cities around the world including our first U.S. location in New York City by the end of fiscal 2023. The HOKA brand's new strategic wholesale distribution, targeted digital marketing activations and pop-up retail stores in key markets are collectively designed to accelerate consumer acquisition around the world through increased awareness. Our integrated approach to managing HOKA distribution continues to serve the brand well in driving balanced global growth across the HOKA ecosystem of access points. On the product front, HOKA continues to develop an assortment designed to ignite the inter athlete within all humans. The brand's inclusive approach to product management includes evolving heritage franchises to be accessible to all types of athletes, elevating performance through new innovations and expanding the consumer audience through new categories. HOKA progress on all three of these strategies in fiscal '22 by introducing the Bondi X, which is both an evolution of the Heritage Bondi style and an elevation of performance with the addition of a propulsive carbon plate to the brand's most cushioned ride. Trail blazing with the all-new SpeakGoat 05, the lightest and most grippy version of the brand's number one trail shoe, reinventing the Mach using a lower profile outsold that delivers soft cushion with an uptempo ride built for speed and capable of being a everyday trainer, disrupting the height category with the AnaCappa franchise, which is a performance hunking shoe that features a sneaker like comfort and launching the all-new Kawana, which is designed to seamlessly transition from gym workouts to daily runs to casual wear. In all, HOKA continues to develop a compelling product assortment that is built with all types of athletes in mind, serving the spectrum of performance fronters to extreme hikers and trail explorers as well as those looking for everyday all-day comfort. I want to congratulate the HOKA team on delivering another phenomenal year of growth, which we expect to continue in fiscal 2023 through continued market share gains with existing wholesale partners, expanded awareness with new consumers that the brand launches its first major global marketing campaign later this summer, driving acquisition and replenishment activity through our direct-to-consumer channel and introducing innovative products with the brand signature HOKA Rod. Turning to Teva. Global revenue in fiscal 2022 increased 17% versus last year to a record $163 million. Growth this year was driven by the brand's leadership in sports sandals and progress building share in closed-toe categories, highlighted by the success of the hurricane and the Rembert franchise. While wholesale drove the majority of growth for Teva in FY '22. The brand was able to comp the exceptional DTC growth experienced in the prior fiscal year. Success at DTC was driven by a significant increase in retained consumers, which the brand will look to replicate in the upcoming year. Shifting to Koolaburra. Global revenue in fiscal 2022 decreased 9% versus last year to $69 million due to the disruption of wholesale deliveries that resulted from pandemic-related bottlenecks. Despite this, the Koolaburra brand's D2C business increased 35% over last year and is now 3x the size of DTC volume two years ago. And finally, Sanuk Global revenue in fiscal year 2022 increased 3% to $43 million. We are pleased with the brand's performance driven by our greater mix of full-price business and an increase in higher price point items. With respect to channel performance in fiscal year 2022, both wholesale and DTC drove double-digit growth over the prior year, reflecting the strength of our omnichannel brand management. For the year, global wholesale revenue increased 31% over last year and 39% over two years ago with four out of five brands posting double-digit increases this year. Wholesale dollar growth was primarily driven by the momentum of global HOKA as the brand continues to gain market share, refilling the marketplace inventories for domestic UGG accounts and the A-brands international markets returning to growth, benefiting from the marketplace reset activities over the past few years that cleaned up distribution in EMEA and localized product and marketing strategies in China. Overall, wholesale revenue represented 61% of total revenue, which is up from 58% last year, but down from 65% two years ago. We expect to drive continued growth through wholesale, working with best-in-class partners who are showcasing our brands and attracting new consumers around the world. From a direct-to-consumer standpoint, revenue for the year increased 14% over last year and 65% over two years ago to $1.2 billion. We experienced year-over-year gains in both physical retail as we lap closures during the prior year and online where we have focused our investments to drive new consumer acquisition and increase retention. Importantly, our DTC business is growing globally and across multiple brands as both domestic and international DDC increased double digits over last year, and four out of our five brands experienced growth on top of the exceptional increases achieved in the prior year with HOKA and OG accounting for the vast majority of dollar volume gains. With that, I'll hand the call over to Steve to provide further details on our fourth quarter and fiscal 2022 financial results as well as our initial outlook on fiscal year 2023. Steve?
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As you've just heard, our company's performance in fiscal year 2022 was outstanding as we drove top line growth above 20% and maintain top-tier operating margin in the high teens despite increased costs resulting from global supply chain disruption. Deckers has added just over $1 billion to revenue in two years, driven by the strength of demand for our brands, specifically HOKA, which has grown more than 50% for three consecutive years and UGG, which has increased double digits in back-to-back years. Our long-term strategies have continued to provide a strong foundation for driving profitable growth, and we are proud to maintain exceptional operating margin levels. We believe that with continued investment behind our key strategies, Deckers can drive profitable growth over the long term. We're excited about the year ahead, but first, let's get into our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2022 results. For the fourth quarter, revenue was $736 million, up 31% versus the prior year. Growth was driven by improved HOKA inventory availability that allowed the brand to deliver both record quarterly revenue of $283 million and full year revenue that was above the high end of our guidance range. Better-than-expected outperformance as we saw an extension of the holiday season with consumers willing to wait for delayed DTC shipments of product and high demand and fewer wholesale cancellations due to the continued strength of the UGG brand as accounts showed a preference to hold greater levels of key seasonal inventory as a hedge against future potential supply chain disruption that could occur in the upcoming year. And as a result, we expect this to impact UGG orders in this coming fall. Gross margin in the fourth quarter was 48.7%, a 450 basis point decrease from the prior year period. The lower gross margin was primarily related to an approximate 490 basis point freight impact, primarily from increased air usage and higher ocean rates, unfavorable channel mix as wholesale growth outpaced DTC and unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates with partial offsets from HOKA margins benefiting from price increases and favorable brand mix. SG&A for the quarter was $277 million or 37.7% of revenue versus last year's $244 million or 43.5% of revenue. The increased spend was primarily related to higher headcount, marketing and performance-related compensation. These results, along with the lower tax rate and share count, resulted in diluted earnings per share, more than doubling last year's at $2.51. Our fourth quarter results underscore the exceptional performance demonstrated by our brands throughout fiscal year 2022, where Deckers eclipsed $3 billion of revenue for the first time. For the full fiscal year 2022, revenue increased 24% versus last year to $3.15 billion. Our company added over $1 billion in top line revenue over the last two years, delivering a nearly 50% increase over fiscal year 2020. As compared to our guidance, revenue was $90 million above the high end, primarily due to outperformance in UGG. Revenue growth versus the prior year was driven by our two largest brands as UGG increased 15% and to $1.982 billion, with growth primarily driven by wholesale refill in the U.S. and a return to growth within the brand's international regions as we signaled at the outset of fiscal year 2022. And HOKA increased 56% to $892 million, with growth driven by all global regions and channels of distribution. Gross margins for the year were down 300 basis points versus last year to 51%. The decrease in gross margin was related to an approximate 370 basis point decrease from freight, primarily due to increased air usage and higher ocean container rates and unfavorable channel mix as wholesale growth outpaced direct-to-consumer, with partial offsets from a greater mix of HOKA revenue, fewer closeouts and favorable foreign currency exchange rates. For the full fiscal year, we incurred freight costs that were more than $100 million above the prior year, excluding the impact of higher volumes. SG&A dollar spend for the year was $1.043 billion, up 20% versus the prior year, $870 million. SG&A represented 33.1% of revenue in fiscal year 2022 as compared to 34.2% in fiscal year 2021. Higher dollar spend was primarily related to increased marketing to build global awareness of the UGG and HOKA brands, increased compensation costs for added headcount to support our scaling organization and higher warehouse costs to support the growth of our brands. This resulted in a full year 2022 operating margin of 17.9%, which is at the high end of our original guidance range of between 17.5% and 18%. Despite the freight cost being well above what we anticipated at the outset of the year, we were able to deliver this operating margin result through disciplined management of variable expenses. For the year, our tax rate was 20%, which compares favorably to last year's 23.7%. Taxes were lower this year, primarily as a result of certain discrete tax benefits recognized in the fourth quarter and a higher proportion of international revenue. With these results, Deckers delivered another record diluted earnings per share of $16.26, which compares to $13.47 in fiscal year 2021. This result is more than $1 above the high end of our guidance range due to the strength of our fourth quarter. The $2.79 increase as compared to last year was primarily driven by: global UGG and HOKA revenue growth; net of increased marketing; a lower tax rate; a lower share count, reflecting the benefit of our most aggressive annual share repurchase to date; and favorable foreign currency exchange rates on net revenue, with partial offsets from higher freight costs from both airfreight utilization and climbing ocean rates, higher compensation costs with increased headcount, greater warehouse costs and variable expense growth in line with revenue growth. Turning to our balance sheet. At March 31, 2022, we ended the year with $844 million of cash and equivalents. Inventory was $507 million, up 82% from $278 million at the same point in time last year and up 63% versus two years ago, more closely aligned with the sales growth of 48% for the same period. And due to the significant increase of ocean freight rates in the second half of fiscal year 2022, this inventory includes approximately $50 million of embedded incremental ocean freight. And during the period, we had no short-term borrowings. For the year, these results returned invested capital above 35%. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased approximately $90 million worth of shares at an average price of $292.51. For the entire fiscal year 2022, we repurchased over 1 million shares for approximately $357 million at an average price of $341.77. At March 31, 2022, the company still had $454 million remaining under its stock repurchase authorization. Before moving to our outlook for fiscal year 2023, I'd like to provide an update on the status of our logistics network and the actions we are taking to mitigate any macro supply chain impacts on our business. Prolonged transit lead times, port bottlenecks related to trucking scarcity and ocean container shortages were the most material impacts to our business in fiscal year 2022, and we expect some of these pressures will continue as we begin fiscal year 2023. While I'm pleased to report that delays and part backlog have improved, we remain cautious given the scaling size of our business risks that current or future COVID outbreaks or other global events have a domino effect across the supply chain and the potential for port labor disruption to occur later this summer. As such, we continue to prioritize receiving inventory into the country of sale and thus, expect inventory balances to remain elevated during fiscal year 2023. Given the momentum of our brands and our strong balance sheet, we are comfortable carrying higher levels of inventory to ensure demand will be fulfilled. From a factory production standpoint, we have been successful in securing additional production lines with existing partners as well as onboarding new partners. We believe this will support our plan to continue fueling the growth of our brands and anticipate that this new production will allow us to begin to see expanded capabilities and capacities as we ramp into fiscal 2023 and beyond. On the cost front, we continue to see higher prices across the supply chain. But in some cases, we have seen some moderation. From an ocean freight perspective, we anticipate this to be a headwind to the first half gross margins as we lapped last year's first half lower cost. Additionally, we have been monitoring inflationary pressures on materials, but believe that impacts from ocean freight and materials inflation can be mitigated by the price increases we implemented for HOKA in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022 and planned increases for UGG beginning in fall of 2022. Beyond that, we continue to anticipate using airfreight in fiscal 2023, but almost exclusively for the HOKA brand as we will work to fill production gaps caused by factory disruption. While we will experience savings from less air on the outside, we still anticipate using HOKA air freight during the year, which we do not intend to cover through pricing action. With all that in mind, we have taken concrete steps to mitigate the impacts on our business from persistent supply chain disruption, including placing orders and taking possession of inventory earlier for in-demand items, carrying greater levels of inventory on key styles during this disruptive period using airfreight to strategically position HOKA for the global market share gain and improving our supply chain logistics capabilities. While some of these strategies will increase costs and reduce certain efficiencies in the short term, we believe these decisions support driving profitable top line growth over the longer term. Shifting to our outlook. For the full fiscal year 2023, we expect year-over-year top line revenue growth of 10% to 11%, leading to revenue in the range of $3.45 billion to $3.5 billion, with HOKA growing in the mid- to high 30% range, reaching the $1.2 billion milestone on the low end; UGG growing low single digits, accounting for the wholesale revenue that shifted into the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2022 that we anticipate will sell through during the upcoming fall season; and wholesale and DTC growth at a similar rate, reflecting the impact of strategic growth initiatives across all brands. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 51.5%, which is 50 basis points higher than last year. The increase over last year anticipates less air freight and benefits from select price increases within HOKA and UGG with headwinds from foreign currency exchange rates and continued impacts from higher ocean rates. SG&A is expected to be approximately 34% of revenue. Higher spend is primarily related to: investments in talent and capabilities to scale the business and remain competitive in the marketplace, increased marketing to build global HOKA awareness and broaden the brand's consumer appeal and increased travel as markets open up. With these gross margins and SG&A expectations, we expect an operating margin in the range of 17.5% to 18%, which is similar to fiscal 2022 levels and approximately 150 to 200 basis points above pre-pandemic levels despite persistent cost pressures related to supply chain disruptions and aligns with our commitment to remain top tier among our peer group even as we continue investing behind long-term initiatives. We are projecting a tax rate of approximately 22% to 23%. All of this results in an expected diluted earnings per share in the range of $17.40 to $18.25. The Capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of $100 million to $110 million, which is elevated versus prior years as we scale infrastructure to align with our growing organization. Key areas of investment include: additional warehouse space, capital IT projects and refreshing certain existing retail stores as well as opening strategic new locations for HOKA and UGG. Our fiscal 2023 guidance excludes any charges that may be considered onetime in nature and does not contemplate any impact for additional share repurchases. Additionally, our guidance assumes no meaningful deterioration of current risks and uncertainties, which include, but are not limited to, further impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on our operations and economic conditions, including supply chain disruptions, constraints and related expenses, labor shortages, inflationary pressures, changes in consumer confidence and geopolitical tensions. With continued uncertainty in the world and disruptions still impacting the supply chain, we will not be providing quarterly guidance. But similar to last year, we expect to drive full year growth and be profitable in all four quarters, but the quarterly cadence will likely be different than last year as we expect more pressure in the first half of the year compared to last. Some of the items driving quarterly differences year-over-year include: lower gross margins expected in the first half of the year as compared to last year due to higher ocean freight expense, planned increases to marketing investments in the first half to support HOKA launching its first major global campaign alongside new product introductions and higher talent costs related to investing in our workforce and adding headcount. With these impacts and a strengthening U.S. dollar, we expect lower profitability in the first quarter as compared to last year. Thanks, everyone. I'll now hand the call back to Dave for his final remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Steve. Fiscal year 2022 represented another phenomenal year for Deckers as our portfolio of brands delivered revenue and earnings growth above 20%. We continue to drive progress towards our long-term vision to build HOKA into a multibillion-dollar major player in the performance athletic space, further diversify the UGG brand's product, geographic and seasonal mix, grow our DTC business through consumer acquisition and retention and drive international markets through its strategic investments. These strategies continue to benefit our organization's focus and act as a North Star guiding to continued development of our portfolio of powerful brands while maintaining top-tier levels of profitability. Our consistent delivery of exceptional results often overshadows the progress our organization continues to make in doing good and doing great in the communities where we operate. We've made great progress with Deckers Gives, as our employees contributed more than 14,000 volunteer hours in fiscal year 2022; our DAI initiatives as we've improved bipart representation among our leadership teams to 21%, which is up from 12% two years ago. I'd like to thank our employees for their dedication and hard work that continues to drive Deckers into the future. Thank you to all of our stakeholders for your continued support. Before I turn over the call, I'd like to acknowledge our announcement earlier that Wendy Yang will be stepping down from her role as President of Performance Lifestyle effective as of the end of this month. On behalf of the entire Deckers team, I want to thank Wendy for her leadership and contributions over the past seven years. With HOKA and Teva in their strongest position to date, I am confident in our ability to continue our positive momentum. I look forward to the future with this talented team and wish Wendy the best. While the company conducts a leadership search, Stefano Caroti, our President of Omnichannel, will assume Wendy's responsibility on an interim basis. Wendy will remain with the company in a consulting role through August 15, 2022, to ensure a smooth transition. As we are now ready to take questions, again, I would like to say how proud I am of the Deckers organization and our accomplishments over the past few years. We have delivered impressive results and have built a strong foundation for the future. Our future opportunities are more exciting than ever, and I look forward to the journey ahead with our team. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with Exane BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good afternoon. Thank you very much for taking my question. And congrats on such a great finish to the year. Dave, Steve, I wanted to ask about pricing. When we think about the 10% to 11% growth for the year, we're hearing a lot of brands take up pricing. Should we assume that there's high single-digit pricing for this year? Any guardrails on that would be very helpful.
David Powers: Yes, great question. Generally speaking, I would say the best way to think about it is across the board, across all brands globally, there's about a 6% to 8% increase in prices heading into this year. And it's been surgical by brand, by style, by region, but we think that that's right for the brand. It gives us upside to offset some of the headwinds in margin from freight charges and is in line with expectations in the market and still competitive. And we're going to continue to evaluate that and look for opportunities, as we always do. But across the board, it's generally around 6% to 8%.
Laurent Vasilescu: Very helpful. And then my follow-up question is with regards to HOKA's growth of high 30s, can you give us any update on how many doors you're currently at DICK'S Sporting Goods? When you said limited number of doors at Foot Locker, can you just give us some guardrails? And on that, like how do we think about wholesale versus direct-to-consumer growth? I think you mentioned right wholesale still be the driver, but just trying to put some guardrails around that after the full year's results.
David Powers: Yes. I would say consistent with the way the HOKA brand has been managed to date, very strategic and very thoughtful on how fast we go and which accounts we grow with. DICK's Sporting Goods, the business there is very, very strong. but we're still in less than 20% of the total doors and not really looking to expand that aggressively anytime soon. And as you heard in the script, we also have this open Foot locker in a handful of stores. as well. So early days, but we want to -- as we said all along, we want to win with sell-through. We want to be in the right locations with the right partners for our consumers and build a quality sustainable business over time. So we are looking to expand wholesale, but it's really more in the accounts we're already in. We still see a lot of upside in the run specialty channel, even though in some cases, we may be the number one running brand and have 20% market share in that channel. There's still a lot of upside there globally. And then the key partners that we've talked about with REI, DICK'S and now Foot Locker, we're going to grow strategically with them in a way that builds a strong sustainable business and targets the right consumers over time. So -- and then DTC is obviously the main focus in. The pop-up stores that we've done with HOKA, we're very excited about those. We see an opportunity for those locations to grow around the globe strategically as well as we look at our marketplace strategy to augment the awareness that we're building in wholesale, but to create a really powerful experience for our consumers and get them to understand the full breadth and the excitement of this brand. So lots of reasons to be excited. We have opportunities in wholesale, e-commerce and retail, and we're going to look holistically across the three of those channels to decide going forward, what's the best way to build this brand in a sustainable and strong way going forward. But I will say we're very proud of the productivity of the doors we're in globally. I think that's a true testament to the strength of the brand, where yes, we're selling in, but the strength of our sell-through is what's really exciting for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Komp with Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Good afternoon. Thank you. I want to maybe ask first on the UGG brand. Just thinking about the low single-digit guidance for the year, can you maybe just quantify the wholesale timing impact that you called out? And whether or not you'd be sort of mid-single-digit underlying? And then when you think of the building blocks for that, could you maybe just share more color given the commentary you had on sort of the brand diversification and strengthening international, what you're seeing to give you confidence in that underlying growth?
Steve Fasching: Yes, sure, John. This is Steve. I'll go first. So on the UGG, you're right. When you consider what we did in the fourth quarter, again, demonstration of how strong the brand performed, how relevant the brand was. We also did see strategic partners, wholesale accounts who took inventory in knowing that they weren't going to sell it through in the fourth quarter. So as we expect, they'll carry it in knowing that there are supply chain disruptions they're happy to carry it into our fiscal year '23, which we expected to sell through. We do see that more as an impact in kind of Q3, Q4. And you're right, so the underlying growth on that is more mid-single digits versus the low single digits that we were kind of thinking previously.
David Powers: Yes. And there's still a lot to be excited about, UGG. I mean, double-digit growth two years in a row in this environment and some of the supply chain challenges we've had, there's still a lot of upside, but we are taking a little bit more of a cautious approach in the shorter term to kind of make sure that we're resetting appropriately coming out of COVID. But when you look at the UGG brand, I mean, we're attracting a younger and more fashionable and diversified consumer. There is still growth in women's footwear, both in classics and extensions in some of the fashions, particularly in spring and summer. Men's, kids and apparel, those all have double-digit growth opportunities into this year and beyond. We're excited about the reset and the positive results in Europe and Asia. We've got some new leadership in the team in marketing and product management, and we'll be bringing on a new leader soon, ramping up the innovation pipeline. There's just a lot to be excited about, but we want to do this strategically thoughtfully and in partnership with our commercial leaders in the regions to really attack the marketplace in an elevated and consistent manner.
Jonathan Komp: Yes, that's really helpful. And then maybe a broader question on your total top line growth profile. I know before COVID, you talked about several years where you saw, I think it was low double-digit combined revenue growth. Any thoughts as you look out beyond this year. Is that sort of the right algorithm, especially after this year when pricing falls off a bit and then tied into that, is this sort of a 1-year step up in the G&A investment? And what do you expect to get leverage after this year?
Steve Fasching: Yes. Thanks, John. And I think that's a good way to look at it now. Again, we're in a year of a lot of uncertainties, so a lot to work through. But I think we're thinking along those lines. And so yes, this is a year of investment coming on the heels of two years of significant top line growth, kind of we'll work through this year. But I think generally, how you said it is kind of a good way to think about it, and then we'll see how this year progresses.
David Powers: Yes. And there is a lot of investments still to make in the business, too, I mean you think about the international growth, setting up retail footprint to expand into HOKA and elevate our game in UGG apparel resources, IT resources, et cetera. And we've made some investments this year. We're going to continue to do that in line with the growth of the business. So hopefully, the supply chain headwinds, the cost side of that subsides over the next year or two and we can reinvest some of those savings back into the business, too.
Operator: Our next question comes from Camilo Lyon with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Mackenzie Boydston: Hi, this is Mackenzie Boydston on for Camilo. Thanks for taking my questions. My first question is just more generally, how your wholesale partners are viewing back half orders and if their views have changed at all from, say, 90 days ago, just any thoughts on discussions with your partners would be really helpful.
David Powers: Yes. I mean, the partnerships are still very healthy. We work really hard on these relationships with our key partners, and I think that served us well over the last couple of years with supply chain disruptions and lack of availability or visibility on inventory. I think it's an ongoing challenge, but I'm proud of the way our teams are managing through it. And we haven't heard any real major issues from any of our wholesale partners. Obviously, they want as much product they can get as fast as they can. So that's really what the conversations are about. It's more about how can we get it versus, hey, we want to do cancellations. We're not seeing any of that at all.
Steve Fasching: Yes.
Mackenzie Boydston: Perfect. That's helpful. And then just on gross margin. I think it compressed a little bit more than we were modeling. So just understanding maybe the puts and takes to gross margin this quarter? And then maybe is it safe to say that Q4 is maybe the trough for gross margin contraction, knowing that it will still be challenged in the first half, but just trying to understand how it how next year gross margins kind of set all versus this year?
Steve Fasching: Yes. So I think on that, Mackenzie, that on the Q4 hit, you're right, a little bit more, and that was really driven by freight. And that -- and within the freight, there was the ocean combination, but there was also more air freight as we used air to bring in the HOKA product, which really helped drive the top line on the HOKA sales for the quarter. So that was an important element to be able to get that product in. As we said going forward, our expectation is we will incur some headwinds with ocean freight in the first half of the year as we're lapping a year that didn't have that freight, and then we do expect to reduce our air freight usage. So sitting on a better inventory position this year going into FY '23, our expectation is that we'll need to use less air freight, which should help margins this year versus last year.
David Powers: Yes. And the other thing I would add just on a little color on HOKA. We're still in a chase mode on demand is still exceeding supply, but our supply teams have done an incredible job finding more capacity for us in Vietnam and beyond for the HOKA brand. And we're going to see the effects of that start to kick in probably in the second half of this fiscal year. which should help us finally get us to the point where we're cut up to the demand. But we're still in chase mode right now, which is great, but we're missing some opportunities because of it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS. Please go ahead.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much for taking my questions. Dave, you mentioned Europe and HOKA retail, I want to maybe see if we can dive into those topics a little bit. Specifically on UGG, you've been working really hard, the company has been working really hard on resetting that business. It seems like it's poised to break out this year. And -- but the question is, do you see some of the macro factors disrupting that? And secondly, on HOKA retail, so what's your vision here? It sounds relatively new. What kind of -- just give us sense what kind of store format you see? What the potential is? And what the what the objective is there with HOKA retail?
David Powers: Yes. Great question. Really excited about Marco, the GM of Europe and the progress that he and the team have made around UGG. It has been a multiyear journey. They've done a great job of cleaning up the marketplace and creating a city around classics, introducing styles like the Fluff and that franchise to her consumers. So the playbook, so to speak, that we've been employing in the U.S. is working. It's unfortunate that we've had supply chain challenges last year, and now we have a macroeconomic challenge going on in that region. We're still optimistic. We're still hearing positive responses from our accounts and the fact that there's still leaving an egg and want the inventory, we can get it. But it is going to dampen our opportunities a little bit, and that's embedded into the guidance. But suffice to say, the brand is on a resurgence there. We have work to do in individual markets that was looking to really optimize Germany as an example. We were in the market in December visiting the market. The brand is strong. But we need to raise our game on how we look in front of the consumer and how we show up in DTC a little bit. But the good news is a lot of the trends that we're seeing in the U.S. around a younger consumer gravitating to the brand, we're seeing that there as well. And we think that we have a really strong run for the UGG brand going forward. With regards to HOKA retail, it's definitely early days. we got into retail really is a way to attack the China market. So we opened our first few stores in the China region. We opened pop up here in New York and L.A. and we just opened one in Chicago, all exceeding expectations, all doing great. They're smaller formats by design, but they're giving us great confidence that we can do some meaningful business through retail for HOKA, but the real objective is to just engage with our consumers and create further our ecosystem. So we're driving them into our brands across multiple categories, bringing them online, maximizing lifetime value. So we're not looking at this says, "Hey, we want 200 HOKA stores overnight." But they will play a strategic role in bringing the full breadth of the brand to consumers in key cities that we have identified, and then we're going to maximize the opportunity in some of these key cities and then see where we go from there.
Operator: Our next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen. Please go ahead.
John Kernan: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on a phenomenal year.
David Powers: Thank you.
John Kernan: So maybe just step back on the gross margin, for everyone across the whole sector, across the risen here, whether it's raw materials, ocean, air, on the freight side, just wondering how the long-term gross margin outlook? Has it changed at all if some of these costs remain structurally higher on the commodity and transportation and freight side? How do we think about this new inflationary environment that we're in?
Steve Fasching: Yes. I think it's -- this is Steve, John. It's a big question, and I think no one knows for certain how all this plays out. I think and expect is we should see improvement, but I don't think we're going to see that anytime soon, right? And that's really what we've modeled in. So on that, from a gross margin perspective, we're assuming ocean freight does not significantly improve this year versus last. Although last year in the first half, we were not expensing through the inventory at these higher levels of inventory. So FY '23 will be a full year of expensing that higher ocean rate. We're using pricing to offset most of that. So we're able to pick up a little bit through some of the pricing increases. We're not using, as we said in the prepared remarks, using price increases to offset the air. So as we move in and supply chain disruption improves, margins should improve as we reduce our air freight usage. And as we said, again, we're planning to use less airfreight this year than what we used last year. So I think that's kind of one dynamic. Then on inflation, we haven't yet seen too much of that impact, although we know it's coming, right? So we've been anticipating disruption, some inflation. That's why we're bringing more inventory in earlier. That's why you're seeing our inventory sit a little bit higher than where it has been in historic levels. But as we call out on a multiyear comparison, our inventory growth is still in line with sales growth. So that's something that we'll keep an eye on. We're able to benefit a little of that through materials inflation by having the inventory now. But it is something that we're going to keep a close eye on because that is something that we expect could present itself as a headwind. And again, we'll look at pricing structure then. So to answer your question, I think it's too early to know long term how all this plays out. We think the guidance, as best we know today, factors most of this in. And then hopefully, we start to see some improvement longer term, but our expectation isn't that you're going to see anything improve much in our current fiscal year '23.
David Powers: Yes.
John Kernan: I guess maybe one follow-up is, you talked about HOKA becoming a multibillion-dollar brand. I think there's a lot of people that believe in that potential. Can you talk to what it looks like from a channel perspective as you start to get there? Wholesale, it feels like there's more opportunity on the wholesale side. You talked to the DTC piece already. How do we think about wholesale and DTC as HOKA scales to multi-billion dollars in revenue?
David Powers: Yes. I think there's -- well, there's two things to think about. One is the category opportunity. So we really see HOKA as a performance brand and a performance brand across multiple categories. We're obviously rooted in running, and that's where our authenticity comes from, but we're relevant and important trail and hike and getting into fitness and other categories down the road, head to toe. So when you think about the breadth and the shoulders that this brand has, we see a multibillion-dollar opportunity. From a channel perspective, listen, we could light up wholesale today and dramatically increase the results of this business overnight. But we want to make sure it's sustainable. And in this environment where first-party data is critical for success. We're doing everything we can to drive healthy DTC business at the same time. So right now, we're looking at probably a 50-50 split because internationally, there's there is more opportunities in wholesale, and that's just depending on the market than DTC today. But we're very conscious of the fact that we're leveraging wholesale to introduce the brand and create awareness and have healthy sell-through in the right accounts. But at the end of the day, we want that traffic to all to end up in our website and in our stores. And we believe that that's the right model. We have the resources. We have the capabilities to make that happen. And we're in this for the long haul. We want to see this to be a multibillion-dollar brand that is meaningful against some of the top performance brands in the world over time.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And I think also, John, on that, as we've said before, brand awareness of HOKA, relatively speaking, is still low.
David Powers: Yes, low.
Steve Fasching: And so we can strategically use these wholesale accounts to build that brand awareness. And then we do see a high conversion rate down the road where they come to us direct. So this is -- it's a great way to build brand awareness, using these relationships in a strategic partnership to really get the brand out there in front of consumers. Yes. And one other opportunity that we've talked about within the UGG brand is the loyalty program. We have now almost 6 million consumers, I believe, in our loyalty program. Those are our best consumers. They shop most frequently to spend more money than somebody who's not in loyalty program. And this is an emerging opportunity for HOKA as well down the road that we can use to kind of further bolster the strength of our DTC channel.
John Kernan: Awesome. Congrats on a great year and outperforming most of your peers in the industry.
David Powers: Thanks, John.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, John.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Thanks guys. The EBIT margin guidance that you gave for the year is similar to what you achieved this past year. I'm curious how you're thinking about each brand and where you expect HOKA versus UGG to shake out versus this prior year? Or if you're looking at both of them as being kind of in line? And then second question, I'm just curious, just from a very high level, which parts of your supply chain right now are getting better, saying the same, getting worse? Any comments along the -- along those lines.
David Powers: Sure, Paul, I'll go first. Just speaking about kind of the gross margin guidance that we've provided similar to what we had in '22. So as we talked about, some improvements on the gross margin, but then also some investment. So as we've always said, we have shifted our operating model to be more variable. So that gives us flexibility in terms of when we see some headwinds to how we can potentially offset some of those headwinds, which is exactly what we did in FY '22 to deliver at the high end of what we gave a year ago. So what we also know is that we tightened our belt. And so going into a year where we can get some -- a little bit of gross margin improvement, it gives us an opportunity to also make some investments in the business. And what we've said and you've heard me say it before, is we are looking at the long-term opportunities for our brand. And so we want to make sure that we're providing the right level of investment. And even with these results, as we say, these are among the best in our peer group. So we're flexible, we're nimble. We've got a nice variable model that allows us to do that. And so we'll take these opportunities then when we can expand a little bit of margin to also make sure we're investing in the business for the long term.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And then, Paul, to answer your questions on supply chain, so just going down the list, I would say our capacity is good, right? We have the factory capacities that we need for all the brands, but particularly HOKA increasing going into the second half of the year. So that's good. Shipping times are still a challenge, right? We've had to put buffers into our lead times for product creation and then when we put our buys in. So there's a level of uncertainty that comes with that, but we're managing that through that well, but it is from the time inventory leaves the factory to our DCs is still longer than we would like, obviously. Port bottlenecks, and particularly in Long Beach, we're seeing a little bit of improvement there. Things are coming in a little bit faster. But I hope I'm wrong, but I personally think there's just a lull before we come into the fall inventory starting to ramp up again. So I'm optimistic that, that will continue, but I'm a little nervous that when we get into peak selling season, that's going to jump up again. Inventory and visibility of that inventory and timing as to when it's going to come in, still a challenge for our teams, their customer experience and the sales team are having to rebalance orders against inventory availability. So that's just a lot of heavy lifting that the teams have to go through. We don't see a lot of improvement on that yet still because the challenge with the port is we don't know which container is going to come in and win. But -- and then on the logistics side of it from a DC perspective, the investments we've made in the last couple of years are paying off. We have a little bit of work to do and just stabilizing some of the newer DCs in Europe and the Midwest, but we're excited that we have these underway and we're gearing up for continued growth. So I think the hope there is that the shipping lead times and the bottlenecks of the port by it a little bit. And I think other than that, we're really in good shape.
David Powers: And then I think just also to add, we are keeping a close eye on the labor contract negotiations with West Coast port workers. So that's just something else that we're very carefully watching. And again, why we're bringing in inventory earlier than what we normally do. So something just to keep a close eye on.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And I do think, and I really believe that bringing this inventory orally and carrying a little bit is going to serve us well because we need the inventory in the marketplace to be able to sell it. And it's a very uncertain environment right now, still probably more uncertain than it was a year and even last year ago -- two years ago. So I'm excited that we have this inventory coming in. We're in good place. We just need to get it out to the marketplace now and just keep going after it.
Paul Lejuez: Just a quick follow-up on the inventory. Can you just say what entry increases by brand?
David Powers: Yes, we didn't provide that. What we can say is it's consistent with -- the larger brands is consistent with the average. So increasing as we anticipate kind of disruption and bringing more in. But again, on a two and three year comparison to sales is in line with our sales growth.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Nikic with Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Tom Nikic: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Dave, just -- I think earlier you were talking about still being in chase mode for HOKA and expecting inventory availability to be better in the back half of the year. So as we kind of model the year, should we think that the growth is a little bit stronger for HOKA in the second half of the year? Or am I kind of off base here?
David Powers: Yes. I was referring more to Q4 results, we were chasing. That's why we saw the -- we got the inventory and we aired it in, and that got into the marketplace, and we're still getting some of that inventory out to the marketplace. Right now, the teams are still out selling for next spring. So it's -- we're waiting to see what that looks like. But the point I was trying to make is that if the sales increases -- if the sales orders increase, we have the capacity to meet them. But right now, I wouldn't necessarily say that Q2 is going to be that much stronger than Q1. It's early days on that. But we think pegging ourselves a 30% to 35% growth for the year is right. There's potential that could be higher than that. But early in the year in an uncertain environment, we think this is the right way to place the guidance.
Tom Nikic: Understood. And Steve, if I can ask you a quick one, just I think the stock is much lower than it had been, and you've got quite a bit of cash on the balance sheet, and I know that you're investing this year and you said something about like elevated inventory. But like how do we think about buyback and your willingness to sort of maybe get a little bit more aggressive on the buyback in light of the valuation where it is today?
Steve Fasching: Yes. A good question. And as you know, we don't necessarily comment on current activity. But I can speak to the year we just completed. And as I said, it's the most aggressive share repurchase that we've ever done at prices higher than where we currently sit. So clearly, this is something that we're watching very closely, active discussion on. But yes, we recognize where our price is at and where the company is going. So that is something that we take into account.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session as well as the conference for today. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-02-03 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Third Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. [Operator instructions] I would like to remind everybody that this conference call is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, VP, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning. Please go ahead.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's safe harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements, and include statements regarding changes in consumer behavior, strength of our brands and demand for our products; changes to our product allocation, segmentation and distribution strategies; changes to our marketing plans and strategies; changes to our capital allocation strategy, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and supply chain, our anticipated revenues, brand performance, product mix, gross margins, expenses and liquidity position and our potential repurchase of shares. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining today's call. I'm excited to review our third quarter results that underscore the momentum of our brands and their continued execution of key strategy as we build the future of Deckers brand. As we continue to navigate a challenging logistics environment, I reflect on both the exceptional demand for the UGG and HOKA brands and the added pressure we face to keep pace with their growth in a constrained environment. While we don't currently see signs that elevated logistics costs or supply chain bottlenecks will subside anytime soon, we do see value in supporting our strong brands through expediting key product inventory, giving our brands the opportunity to gain market share. Steve will provide a more detailed update on the status of our supply chain network and the actions we're implementing to provide our brands with the best opportunity to thrive in this challenging marketplace now and into the future. With that said, Decker's third quarter revenue increased 10% over the prior year to $1.188 billion, representing our largest quarter in history. We saw balanced growth across our entire brand portfolio as direct-to-consumer, wholesale and multiple geographies drove impressive results. Performance in the quarter and throughout the year has been the result of our execution on our long-term strategy, including driving HOKA, diversifying UGG, building DTC and developing our international market. More specifically, we have made progress across these key areas as HOKA grew 30% in the quarter despite port congestion and inventory constraint and has grown 54% year-to-date over prior year, contributing half of our total portfolio's incremental revenue. UGG increased 8% over last year in Q3 and has driven double-digit growth year-to-date, propelled by global adoption of the brand's diverse product assortment. Direct-to-consumer growth outpaced wholesale growth, improving DTC mix to 50% of third quarter revenue, up from 48% last year and 44% two years ago. And our international regions contributed a significant portion of global growth year-to-date, increasing 27% over the prior year and outpacing the US increase of 19%. For UGG, our international regions have sold their most diverse offering of UGG products ever, which helped the brand deliver impressive global growth fiscal year-to-date. In addition, with HOKA continuing to expand its share of the global performance market, we believe our portfolio contains two of the strongest brands in the footwear industry with much more promising growth ahead. Now let's get into some of the brand highlights, starting with UGG. Global UGG third quarter revenue was $946 million, reflecting an 8% increase versus last year and a 21% increase versus two years ago in the brand's largest quarter. These results, when combined with the UGG brand's outstanding first half, equate to fiscal year global revenue growth of 13% above last year and 21% above two years ago, reflecting the continued steady growth in the US, which is up high-single-digits on top of last year's mid-teens increase and a strong return to growth within the brand's international region, which have increased north of 20% versus last year and double-digits versus two years ago, all of which has been fueled by a diverse assortment of compelling UGG products across gender and categories that are being embraced by a broader and younger consumer base. In terms of the UGG brand success, year-to-date, the majority of growth has come from categories outside of women's classic food. This includes continued gains across men's and kids footwear, women's slippers and fluff as well as apparel and accessories. While these categories are driving the bulk above growth, it is important to note that women's Classics have also performed very well this year. Fiscal year-to-date, women's Classic boots have driven year-over-year revenue growth, represent a smaller percentage of total brand revenue, and reflect greater style diversity within the category as items outside of the core, such as the Ultra Mini Classic Clear and Neumel have been key drivers of consumer acquisition this year. The Neumel with its broad consumer appeal is this year's largest dollar volume style across the entire UGG assortment. The UGG product and design teams have done a great job developing companion versions to build a franchise which continues to be a large driver of men's growth. Additionally, our consumer data has shown that the adoption of UGG Men’s product skews younger, as the 18 to 34-year age group represents a larger portion as compared to the brand average. And the Neumel remains a top acquisition style amongst these consumers. Our product teams are actively utilizing these insights to design new styles that will allow us to build upon momentum with these target consumers. Turning to kids footwear. UGG has driven impressive gains in kids categories over the past few years. We believe this is a strong indicator of brand health as purchasing patterns reflect consumers buying UGG for the family with the majority of top styles representing popular items from the men's and our women's product range. These bundled purchases are obviously great for increasing current values and wholesale open to buy but also act as a great avenue to introduce UGG to the next generation of consumers. Beyond footwear, UGG has been focused on acquiring new consumers through a compelling apparel assortment. To build awareness in the category, UGG developed it's first-ever apparel dedicated marketing campaign, which helped drive a 40% increase in apparel consumer acquisition year-to-date. Our consumers have responded particularly well to ready-to-wear sportswear and outerwear items that contain visual UGG DNA, logo treatment and deliver on the expected feeling of UGG. This was the first season for a number of retailers carrying UGG apparel, many of whom are concentrated in the youth and sports lifestyle channels. These channels have been driving strong performance with UGG footwear for sometime now. And we're excited that they are on board to expand into a head-to-toe UGG offering. On the domestic front, this is the fourth consecutive year UGG has delivered strong year-to-date growth in the U.S. where brand consideration remains at an all-time high among 18-to-34-year-old according to Hugo. The brand's development of a more youthful and diverse product assortment as well as the ongoing U.S. wholesale marketplace management strategy has helped us strategically expand within youth and sports lifestyle accounts. While UGG has built market share across its account base, the youth and sports lifestyle accounts have significantly outpaced growth with department stores. Additionally, UGG has driven significant gains in DTC acquisition with 18-to-34-year-olds over the past two years, as this age group has grown at a 25% CAGR year-to-date over the same period of fiscal 2020. Critical to this success has been the product adoption among those younger consumers who are purchasing both heritage products like the classic short and mini, but also new franchises like the Neumel, Fluff, Tasman and Classic Clear. From an international standpoint, regions outside of the U.S. have accounted for approximately half of UGG's growth this year, with EMEA and China driving the majority of gains over last year. Approximately three years ago, UGG implemented a marketplace reset strategy in the EMEA region based on the successful strategy that reignited the brand in the U.S. This involved a reduction of wholesale accounts to the tune of approximately 35% over the last three years, allocating and segmenting core product and elevating brand positioning while also working to create demand for complementary UGG products in new categories. Beyond the marketplace activities in EMEA, the UGG marketing team began localizing global content to more effectively connect with consumers living in European and Asian countries. More recently, UGG developed market-specific collaboration and brought on local influencers to help highlight the brand's compelling product. These actions have help to drive the international turnaround of UGG which is now delivering growth in high full price sell-through with the brand's most diverse product assortment effort. Importantly, the return to growth of international UGG regions aligns with our global category growth initiatives, further aiding the brand's diversification into categories outside of women's classic. Fiscal year-to-date, women's core classics and derivatives have moderated to below 40% of international revenue. This is more in line with the U.S. and compares to north of 50% just three years ago. With a tightened supply of core product, international regions are driving healthy growth with popular global styles such as the Fluff franchise, Ultra Mini, Classic Clear and the Neumel. By highlighting new categories, reducing the supply of core product and tailoring marketing campaigns to local consumers, UGG has begun to expand its audience to younger consumers in both Europe and China. In Europe, this has led to new strategic points of distribution in the youth and sports lifestyle channel. The volume generated with these retail partners is still relatively small but growing significantly faster than average. And if the U.S. is any indication, these emerging segments can be a big driver of growth and volume in the future. Similar to the U.S., we believe younger consumers are leading the UGG brand increased popularity among international markets. The brand has worked hard to create localized content that resonates with sub-35 age consumers in their respective markets. In Germany, France and the U.K., this age group is driving over 40% of traffic conversion from paid social. In China, this age group is driving DTC growth in key franchises including global styles such as left and the Classic Clear. The UGG team has a lot to be proud of with the progress it has made as the brand continues to drive global growth with a diverse assortment of in-demand product.  Looking ahead, we were excited for us to build upon this year's head-to-toe demand with a compelling new rainwear proposition that features two new styles, the [indiscernible] and the Tasman which we believe will help the brand further expand its year-round appeal to consumers around the world. We are already receiving great feedback on the sell-through of this collection of rainwear product and are excited to share more on our year-end call. Congratulations to the team on a great fall season, and we look forward to continued success this spring. Shifting to HOKA, global revenue in the third quarter was $185 million, reflecting a 30% increase versus last year and nearly double the volume of two years ago, despite dealing with stockouts and delayed inventory, HOKA performed well in the quarter, driven by global strength in the direct-to-consumer channel, which increased 52% over last year, and continued global wholesale market share gains, particularly among international regions as unit growth outpaced domestic. Fiscal year-to-date global HOKA revenue has increased 54% versus last year, reflecting strength across the brand's ecosystem of Access Point as domestic, international, wholesale and direct-to-consumer continue to drive impressive growth. From a direct-to-consumer standpoint, we have seen strong global demand for HOKA year-to-date as US search interest increased 74% over the prior year, according to Google trends. New consumers visiting the European HOKA website during Q3 increased 88% over last year helping the region maintain the highest CDC growth rate thus far in fiscal 2022 and drove a more than 30% increase in conversion rate during China's Double 11 event, demonstrating improved awareness in the region. DTC continues to be a great avenue for HOKA to make connections with consumers, drive replenishment and increased category adoption as it more effectively displays the breadth of the brand's product assortment. We are actively testing and developing the HOKA consumer experience at pop-ups in the US and owned locations in China. In China, we plan to utilize strategic retail locations to continue building HOKA brand awareness as we develop the marketplace further and create a model for future wholesale partners to leverage. In the US, we have seen great engagement from consumers at pop-up locations and are exploring other select cities to test the HOKA experience. At the same time, HOKA is building the experience at DTC, the brand continues to build credibility and awareness with consumers through partnerships with strategic retailers. This spring, HOKA will be strategically expanding with key partners to satisfy incremental demand and further augment the brand's market share. We are pleased that our partners have continued to express excitement about the HOKA brand and their desire to expand further, and we look forward to continuing to grow those relationships. At the same time, we remain disciplined in our approach to steadily and sustainably building HOKA to a multibillion-dollar brand over time.  Shifting to product highlights for the third quarter. We launched the Bondi X at the beginning of October. This innovative style combines the signature cushion of a traditional Bondi with a carbon fiber plate to give athletes a more propulsive and efficient ride. The Bondi X launch drove significant traffic to hoka.com, 65% of which were first-time visitors. The style was even named one of the best running shoes according to GQ's 2021 Fitness Awards. Beyond the Bondi X, the HOKA brand is expanding consumer awareness with two of its newer franchises, the Rincon and the Mach. Both franchises were designed for an audience of consumers under 35 years old. The HOKA team strategically developed Rincon and Mach social content for platforms, possessing a higher concentration of this key demographic. As a result, the Rincon and Mach have been key catalysts for the HOKA brands accelerated acquisition of younger consumers, and these franchises are driving superb growth. On the collaboration front, HOKA partnered with global luxury brand Moncler to release a limited edition of the HOKA [indiscernible]. This was a great opportunity for HOKA build global awareness by partnering with a well-known European fashion luxury brand. The collaboration drove significant positive PR for HOKA and sold out in the first hour of availability. Collaborations like this are a great indicator of the brand's growing appeal beyond its traditional performance roots and into the space of fashion. While fashion is not a top priority for HIKA right now, we see this as an opportunity for the brand to capitalize more broadly in the future. To close HOKA, I'd like to congratulate the entire team for the brand being named Footwear News Brand of the Year. This is a fantastic accomplishment and speaks to the incredible momentum of HOKA as the brand marches closer to $1 billion in revenue and beyond. We have enormous confidence in the brand's ability to continue building share in a highly competitive marketplace. While we continue to operate in this constrained environment, we are prioritizing the fulfillment of HOKA demand, though carefully balancing stringent quality standards as the brand's growth has required adding further manufacturing capacity. Ramping production of this highly technical performance product will require some additional time, but our measured approach will ensure HOKA is built to become a long-term major player in the performance space, while delivering the quality product our consumers expect. With respect to channel performance in the third quarter, global direct-to-consumer revenue increased 13% versus the prior year and plus 42% versus two years ago. From a comparable sales perspective, direct-to-consumer increased 11% versus last year, fueled by strength in both retail stores and online. UGG and HOKA drove the majority of the year-over-year dollar volume increases, but DTC demand was robust across the portfolio. Facing bottlenecks during the UGG brand historical peak period of demand, we took specific actions that benefited UGG GDC, which included encouraging preorders on key styles to help smooth demand, carrying a broader exclusive assortment that provided the option of alternate in-stock products where there were shortages and offering the option to purchase back order products that had incoming inventory. In the constrained supply environment, we have experienced this year, our omnichannel capabilities proved advantageous in reducing the impact on the UGG brand business. From a wholesale perspective, global revenue in the third quarter increased 7% versus last year and 14% versus two years ago. Growth in the quarter was primarily driven by international UGG and global HOKA with slight offset from a reduction in domestic UGG that resulted from earlier shipments of fall products as compared to the prior year. Wholesale comparisons remain unique as macro logistics pressures and bottlenecks continue to alter shipment timing as compared to historical patterns. With that, I'll hand the call over to Steve to provide further details on our third quarter financial results, status of the dynamic supply chain challenges facing our industry and our updated fiscal year 2022 outlook. Steve?
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. I'd like to echo Dave's remarks regarding the success of our key strategies. With three quarters of the year now behind us, including the peak UGG holiday season, we feel great about the strength of our brand portfolio. Throughout the year, UGG has driven global growth with a diverse assortment that is resonating with consumers across multiple categories, including apparel and accessories. At the same time, HOKA continues to build share with compelling performance products across its ecosystem of Access Point. The growth delivered by our two largest brands was achieved despite significant supply chain disruption, that we expect to remain a headwind for the foreseeable future. While this challenge persists, we have a great deal of confidence in the demand for our brands, bolstered by our omni-channel capabilities, flexible operating model and fortified balance sheet. Ultimately, we believe that prioritizing our long-term strategic goals will allow our brands to remain successful and drive continued market share gains. Now for the financial specifics of Q3 results. Third quarter fiscal 2022 revenue was $1.188 billion, representing a 10% increase versus last year and a 27% increase versus two years ago. Q3 growth was driven by our two largest brands, UGG and HOKA, as international UGG increased 29% versus last year, led by a return to growth in our EMEA region and an acceleration in China. And global HOKA increased 30%, aided by a more than 50% increase in DTC. Gross margins for the third quarter were down 470 basis points versus last year to 52.3%. The decrease as compared to last year was due to higher freight costs as ocean container rates have significantly increased. Third-party delivery fees have increased, and we have used a substantial amount of air freight. The increased cost in freight, including all of these components, amounted to approximately $55 million above last year in the quarter. SG&A dollar spend for the quarter was $328 million, up 15% from last year's $285 million. Increased spend was primarily driven by greater marketing expense to increase localized content highlight new categories and fuel brand heat globally as well as higher warehouse expenses as we grow our logistics network and other variable expenses. Our tax rate for the quarter was 20.5%, which compares favorably to the 22.2% last year due to discrete tax benefits and a higher proportion of international revenue. This resulted in a diluted earnings per share of $8.42 for the quarter, which compares to $8.99 in last year's third quarter. The $0.57 decrease versus last year was primarily driven by lower gross margins that resulted from higher freight costs, higher marketing, warehouse and variable expenses with partial offsets from the revenue growth of our two largest brands and benefits from a lower tax rate and share count. Turning to our balance sheet. At December 31, 2021, we ended December with $998 million of cash and equivalents. Inventory, including in transit was $551 million, up 80% from $305 million at the same time last year, with the large majority of that increase still in transit and delayed due to port congestion. And we had no outstanding borrowings. During the third quarter, we repurchased approximately $131 million worth of shares at an average price of $369.12. Fiscal year-to-date through December, we have repurchased approximately 736,000 shares, spending a total of $267 million. At December 31, 2021, the company still had $544 million remaining under its stock repurchase authorization. Before we move into our final outlook update for fiscal year 2022, I'd like to provide an update on the status of our logistics network and the actions we are taking to mitigate future effects on our business. The most material challenge facing our business continues to be prolonged transit times for items produced overseas to reach our warehouses. This has led to a much higher proportion of inventory classified as in transit. At September quarter end, we noted that approximately 45% of inventory was in transit, which compared to roughly 20% in the prior year at the same point in time. As of December 31, we have not seen improvement as approximately 50% of our inventory remained in transit, which compares to roughly 25% in the prior year at 12/31. We do not expect this issue to be resolved near-term. And as a result, we plan to carry elevated levels of inventory at fiscal 2022 year end and into fiscal year 2023, placing an emphasis on receiving product into the country of sale at the expense of inventory efficiencies in the short-term. We will continue to utilize airfreight where strategically necessary to import products and leapfrog port congestion to maintain share. More specifically, with the rate of growth our brands are experiencing, particularly HOKA, which has more consistent demand throughout the year as well as a greater percentage of at-once business. Aligning sufficient inventory levels with elevated demand has become increasingly difficult. To help offset this issue, we have stepped up our airfreight usage to supplement ocean and port delays, but shipping by air is causing gross margin compression. Our strategy is to prioritize HOKA market share in the ultra competitive performance footwear space. And as such, we are willing to maintain higher air freight usage to fulfill this demand. Meanwhile, the HOKA team is actively working through product launch adjustments to best align with the current logistics environment. On pricing, we spoke last quarter about raising prices on select HOKA styles this spring and taking a look at UGG for the fall of 2022 season. Our product teams have completed a thorough review of their respective brand, price elasticity and are continuing to adjust prices on target styles accordingly. While these changes can help offset some of the inflationary pressures on materials, we still expect elevated freight expense to be a near-term headwind above these pricing adjustments. Please note this does not constitute gross margin guidance for next year as pricing and freight are only a few of the many variables that factor into our gross margin forecast. From a factory production standpoint, we maintain a network of strategic third-party manufacturers and have been actively seeking additional production lines with existing and potential new partners. Despite ongoing activities, we expect some of our growth in the upcoming fiscal year to be limited by manufacturing capacity constraints to ensure product quality and integrity, particularly with HOKA, given the complex nature of the brand's high-performance products, it will take time to ramp-up additional production. These efforts are made more difficult by the existence of the ongoing pandemic. We will provide a more thorough update on our fiscal year 2023 expectations during our year end call in May. Now with that context in mind, and moving to guidance for the full fiscal year 2022 and on revenue, we are narrowing our range to reflect a $20 million increase on the low end and maintaining the high end of our prior guidance, now expecting a range of $3.03 billion to $3.06 billion. This represents growth of approximately 19% to 20% over fiscal year 2021. Gross margin is now expected to be at or slightly below 51.5%. Included in this is our annual spend on freight that is now projected to be $100 million over last year. SG&A is still expected to be approximately 34% of revenue, and we expect our operating margin to land within the prior range at approximately 17.5% of revenue. We now expect a tax rate of approximately 21.5% for the year. And taking these into account, we are narrowing our prior earnings per share expectation to a range of $14.50 to $15.15 for full fiscal year 2022. At this point, our full year guidance does not anticipate additional significant supply chain disruption beyond what we have covered here today excludes onetime charges and does not contemplate impact from additional share repurchases. We look forward to providing additional updates on next year during our fourth quarter call in May. Thanks, everyone. And I will now hand the call back to Dave for his final remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Steve. Our brands have performed exceptionally well this year, notwithstanding logistical challenges facing our industry. Fiscal year-to-date, Deckers has delivered revenue growth of 22% above last year and 37% above two years ago, while maintaining top-tier operating margins among peers. Our impressive margins have been achieved as we continue investing in the long-term future of our organization and prioritize growing the market share of our exceptional brands all while navigating headwinds related to the global pandemic and supply chain disruption. As I said at the opening, our brands are incredibly well positioned across the globe, but demand continues to outpace our current ability to supply it. And we are managing the business to deliver strong results in this uncertain environment. We have continuously evolved our strategies to mitigate the impacts of the dynamic state of the logistics environment. Key actions we are taking include tightening our product assortments to increase SKU efficiency, raising prices selectively based on assessing the competitive landscape of our brands, utilizing the strength of our balance sheet to carry increased levels of inventory in response to supply chain disruption optimizing channel mix to fulfill consumer demand and scaling production to support the growth of our brands. With the realities of the current logistics environment, we recognize that HOKA will remain in chase mode for much of the upcoming year. HOKA has tremendous runway ahead, and we will continue to provide the resources necessary to build HOKA into a major multibillion-dollar player in the performance space. On behalf of the entire leadership team, I'd like to recognize and thank our employees for how well they have managed an intense workload, especially as we all continue to deal with the added stress and struggles caused by the ongoing pandemic. We are doing our best to support our employees and their families through this difficult period of uncertainty. Thank you all for joining us today, and thank you to all of our stakeholders for your continued support. We look forward to sharing more on the bright future of Deckers brand. With that, I'll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Camilo Lyon with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Camilo Lyon: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone. And very nice job in a very tough environment.
Dave Powers: Hey, Camilo.
Camilo Lyon: I wanted to want to start off. Hi. How are you? I wanted to want to start off the conversation on where you left off on HOKA, if we could. You talked, Dave, you just said that it's going to remain in chase mode. Up 30% is certainly nothing to sneeze that for sure it's a fantastic growth rate. But clearly, it seems like you could have done more if you had more product. Can you help us think about what the right run rate is going forward, given everything you said about the lack of inventory availability and the slow build that you expect to see on alternative factory and manufacturing partners to ramp up that production?
Dave Powers: Yes. I appreciate the question. And obviously, it's a pretty dynamic environment. 30%, as you said, we're proud of that result, considering all the challenges we had getting inventory through the bottlenecks. And obviously, we had to spend a little bit more in air freight to mitigate some of those challenges. And what we've seen, quite honestly, in the last six months is the demand for the brand has accelerated from what we thought it was going to be six months ago. And so we are in chase mode. It's a good position to be in. It's challenging in this environment. We think we'd be closer to a 50% growth rate on an annual basis. And that could be higher depending on what inventory we can get into the country and get it out to the marketplace to the consumer. But generally speaking, we're pleased with the makeup of the HOKA business globally. We're seeing great traction in the international markets. North America continues to be very strong. Strong sell-through -- and the challenge is that accelerated demand has put more pressure on the supply chain. So we've had to go secure additional sourcing partners in the Far East. And that doesn't happen overnight, obviously. So with the challenge of slowed inbound into the DC on a regular basis, bringing on new factories to be able to keep up with the increased demand over the next year and beyond. There's a lot going on there, but the bottom line is the demand is exceptional. The teams are doing everything they can to keep the brand heat going and stealing market share. And as you saw in the quarter, in the year, we're spending money to maintain the sales even at 30%. So we are air-freighting a lot of products. That's a headwind that we've absorbed this year while still delivering guidance of a healthy operating margin at the end of the year, and something we're going to continue to evaluate. But we are taking, what I would say is a more cautious, but aggressive stance on the HOKA brand and all of our brands, the goal is continuing to drive top line and steal market share where we can. And we have to pay some more in air freight and short-term to enable that growth and continue the dominant pace that HOKA has, we're comfortable doing that. And we're figuring out how do we absorb that, but still deliver top tier results, which is what we're doing and confident that we can mitigate the challenges going forward.
Camilo Lyon: Great. Thanks for that Dave, certainly a great position to be in. I guess, on that same sort of broader topic in terms of gross margin and pricing actions that you're taking and layering that into how you're diverting products from wholesale to will -- how do you think about the balance of those inputs to protect the share that you have, but also continue to deliver the growth that you have been experiencing. Is there an added intention to raise price to mitigate the -- what seems to be like well long duration of air freight expenses into next year? And do you expect to favor or prioritize your DTC channel more than you have been, again, to serve that direct customer more so?
Dave Powers: Yes. I mean these are all what you're describing are all the levers that we get to pull in this environment. And the good news is that the strength of the brand gives us the ability to raise prices where we think we can -- and to give you a little bit more clarity on that, HOKO started raising prices in December in our Spring product and on some of the Bondi, Clifton and Rincon. And that a lot of that price increase is hitting right now in this quarter in Q1 roughly around 6% to 8% increase across the board. And the HOKA brand is continuing to look at opportunities going into fall and next spring to continue to do that to offset some of the headwinds in supply costs. From an UGG perspective, we've been raising prices strategically and surgically over the last couple of years. But we are taking a broader look at the assortment for this coming fall and you're going to see some price increases on some of our bigger styles, not the classic short, but you'll see it in Neumel and Classic Mini and other few areas where we are going to be raising prices. We have a good deal of inventory coming in for UGG, which is at the older price, the cost of making that product, which is good for us. So that helps with the logistics headwinds and then some of the price increases that we think we can put in will also help on the margin going forward. But I think I just want to make it super clear. We don't see the challenges with supply chain and the bottlenecks at the port, getting better for quite some time. And so we're taking that stance going forward that what we're experiencing now is going to continue, and we're planning the business going forward. With that in mind, until we see signs that things are opening up, but we have not seen any of those signals yet.
Steve Fasching: Yes. Camilo, this is Steve. Just to add to that. You mentioned increasing price to offset. On air, we're not necessarily seeing or looking to offset the air in.
Dave Powers: Correct? Yes.
Steve Fasching: So the increases that we have are offsetting material inflation and ocean freight, but we see air more as transitory -- at what point does that get better, we're not certain, but we won't be able to completely offset the air increase.
Operator: The next question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with Exane BNP. Please go ahead.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good afternoon. Thank you very much for taking my question. UGG growth 8% in the quarter, I'd just say that's pretty impressive considering there was a lot of concerns out there. Dave, Steve, could you may be potentially quantify if there was a material shift into 4Q fiscal? Because I think you talked about 50% of the inventory was in transit.
Dave Powers: Yes. So I think are kind of you're saying is there a shift between quarters. Remember, we haven't talked much about the quarter cadence. So we're really looking at this kind of on a full year basis. I know various models kind of had different scenarios in terms of what kind of what was projected for UGG. As we've said, largely the year is being delivered as we've said and expected from an UGG perspective. So -- as we said at the beginning of the year, we expected that there are going to be shipment timing issues between quarters, which is part of the reason that we haven't given quarterly guidance. I think earlier on, we anticipated more growth in the front half of the year. We've seen some of that drift into the back half. But I think from how we're seeing the cadence of the year from an UGG perspective, we're still on target with kind of what we've said, and we've seen the cadence of the business kind of continue as we expected. So in good shape, I think I agree with you. I think there was some concern on the performance of UGG in the quarter. I think we've demonstrated the brand has performed well, demand is still very strong and consumers are seeking the brand out.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And I would add, if your question was, do we see inventory delivery shift from Q4 into Q3? No, because we were chasing inventory, the majority of the quarter. There was some shift of Q3 in Q2 that we contemplated on the year-to-date results. But I think what's important on the quarter for UGG is just to understand where the growth came from. And a lot of the growth came from international regions, which is something we've been working on in transforming those marketplaces to a younger, more diverse audience and diverse product offering, consolidating wholesale accounts in Europe, the marketplace and attracting and having success with a younger consumer. -- with new product franchises such as the Fluff and the Classic Clear and the Tasman. So I'm excited about the fact that it's right on strategy, what we've been working on in those regions for the past few years. We're starting to see the results of that. It's very exciting. And it just shows the strength and the global appeal of this brand and the fashion product that we're putting into the assortment.
Laurent Vasilescu: That's great to hear. And then I'd love to hear more about HOKA. One on the product launches. For example, the Kawana. I know it's super early. You just launched on the website. Just love to get some read on that assortment. And then I think a few quarters back, you talked about DTC getting to 50% of the company. How do we think about -- I'd love to hear how the stores, the HOKA stores, the pop-up bid in North America? And how -- what the early reads are on the HOKA store in Shanghai as we think about store expansion over time for the brand?
Dave Powers: Yes. So just on the product launches, obviously, with the supply chain challenges, the brand team has had to adjust on the fly the timing of different launches based on where they can get all the inventory here and time, et cetera. It's early days in the Kawana. We're excited about what that could do from a cross-training perspective and bringing that type of running product to a unique consumer that's looking for that from us. But we'll continue to innovate and expand into different categories as we go forward, but it's early days on that style. I think from a store perspective, we're very pleased with how things have gone so far. The store in New York is far exceeding expectations, and I think that is a good signal when you have awareness of a brand that you can see strong growth the experience that we're seeing in China is good from a traffic perspective, but conversion isn't quite as high as we'd like to be yet. And so that just speaks to people getting familiar with the brand over time. It's early days in China. People are still relatively unfamiliar with the brand. But the experience that our stores are providing for the consumer there and giving confidence to our partners in the marketplace is very strong. And so we're pleased with how things are going. But a heavy lift over time to get China to where it needs to be, but we're off to a good start. And then real optimism around what a store concept could do as we expand into the US and Europe over time as well.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And then -- this is Steve, Laurent. Just on the DTC mix, I think what you'll see in the quarter is we had strong DTC performance and it was especially strong in December. So we benefited with some short supply out in the wholesale channel, consumers coming directly to us. And I think that starts to demonstrate the strength of our DTC and omni capabilities, not necessarily representative of where the mix will be on a full year basis as it's stronger in this quarter, but a good demonstration of the progress that we're making on that front.
Laurent Vasilescu: Great. Thank you very much for the color.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Laurent.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Komp with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Yes, hi. Thank you. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask about the UGG business, the performance. Could you maybe share a little more color on the third quarter DTC performance there. And if you could give some color on US versus international and just how we should think about the fourth quarter would be helpful?
Dave Powers: Yes. DTC business for UGG was very strong. As Steve said, particularly in the back half of December. We saw a real uptick in that business, and that continues to be a solid driver for us. And just speaks to the consumers' demand for the product. If they can't find it in wholesale, where they like to shop. They're coming to our website, and we're doing our best to service them. Broadly speaking, I'm very pleased with how the UGG brand is evolving and has evolved away from the core Classics business. We're still -- we still have a robust and healthy business there. But it's much more diverse across Tazz and Ascot and Mini and Tasman and Neumel, et cetera. The Neumel is a runaway story right now. It's the number one style across men's and women's, doing incredibly well, and it's being adopted globally and in sports lifestyle channel that is really driving a lot of business. Men's is on the upside, as we've spoken about. Kids is on the upside. And then when you look at apparel, that business seasons are now starting to contribute to some of the growth -- that business is up 50% year-to-date and with still a lot of upside in that category as well. So when you think about where this brand was a few years ago to where it is now, diversified across gender and category and then head to toe and super pleased with how we're seeing the international regions evolve both in wholesale and e-commerce. So yes, we could have done more business in the quarter with UGG. If we had -- we were able to get our hands on more inventory, and that's slowly coming in Q4. But again, the brand is in a very good place, management of the assortment and the SKUs in the marketplace is very tight and very strong, full price sell-through was there, margins are healthy. A lot of reason to be optimistic for a brand of this size. Certainly not the upside on an annual growth basis that you see with HOKA, but still very strong in the context of the footwear industry.
Jonathan Komp: Yes. That's really helpful. And then maybe one follow-up on the freight picture. The $100 million that you called out, Steve, this year, just any thoughts directionally how that could look going forward? And then in the broader context, is the right way to think about it? I mean without that $100 million this year, you'd be north of 20% operating margin. So is that still eventually a level you think you can get to once everything normalizes, understanding there's a lot of uncertainty of when that happens? Thank you.
Steve Fasching: Yes. Thanks, Jon. It's a good question. And clearly, it's something that we're looking at. We, again, haven't given guidance, but I think the way you're looking at it is right in terms of what the impact is. Now we did in the current year, cut back in other areas. So those are probably things we wouldn't necessarily cut back in a normal year. So you're right in terms of the $100 million, if you add that back, you get to kind of a 20%. But we have course corrected during the year and not spent as much on some other areas of the business that we typically would. So I would say stay tuned, we'll be able to give you a better picture of what that looks like. And then the other thing is it's just trying to determine when all this begins to normalize. I think a big component of the $100 million, it's clearly air freight. We're hopeful that things begin to normalize, and so we wouldn't have to use as much air freight in the future. But still, there's factory disruption, there's still port congestion. And with a brand like HOKA, we're having to use more air than what we even anticipated kind of three months ago. So that's something that we're still watching. I think the other thing just to be aware of is the increase in ocean freight. And so I think that's going to take a lot longer than the air to begin to normalize. So we'll see how all that shakes out. I think we're going to learn more in the next three months, and we'll be able to give you a better perspective of what that looks like in a couple of months on the year-end call.
Dave Powers: Yes. And I think at that point, we'll be able to share. I mean, we still need to make some investments in the business to sustain and afford. And from a logistics standpoint, DCs, infrastructure systems, talent, with this kind of demand and growth ahead of us, there's going to be some additional investments we'll need to make and we'll talk more about that going forward. So yes, to know that we could have done 20% this year with -- if we had taken out the air freight, makes us feel good, and I'm really proud of the team's ability to adjust this year to still deliver on our operating margin guidance. At this point, considering the fact that we had to absorb a $100 million bogey in the year. That just speaks to the flexibility of our model and the capabilities of the leadership team.
Jonathan Komp: Yes. Great. Thanks again.
Operator: The next question comes from Sam Poser of Williams Trading. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I have a few, and I'm going to read them all. One, I would love for you to give us the sales by wholesale or DTC, whatever you prefer by brand and update full year guidance by brand, HOKA is expected to hit up 50% plus on the prior guidance, up high single-digit and so on. If you could update that. And I also wanted to know about what the merchandise margin improvements are exing out all the other stuff and inventory by brand and then transit by brand. Thank you very much.
Erinn Kohler: Hi, Sam, it's Erinn. So I'll provide you with the global wholesale and distributor sales for the third quarter just completed. So for UGG, that was $432.1 million, for HOKA $122.6 million; Teva, $16.3 million, Sanuk was $3.1 million and then other -- largely Koolaburra $24.2 million.
Sam Poser: Thanks.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And then just the guidance by brand, Sam, this is Steve. Really not a significant change. We've held the top end of the range. So feel comfortable with what we've given before. We've lowered the -- we -- sorry, increased the bottom end of the range. You can attribute that largely to some improvement in the UGG Q3 performance. So there, again, ranges consistent with what we guided to before and pretty consistent with what we said last time as well. And then – yes, sorry.
Sam Poser: And then quickly follow-up on that one. Does that mean that we'd expect a sort of a much larger sales in Q4 for HOKA to get it up to around that 70% number that you inferred on the last call, that number is going up and going to accelerate in Q4.
Dave Powers: That's how we're looking at it. Yes. Based on inventory.
Sam Poser: Okay. Good. And then I asked about merch margin and inventory as well.
Steve Fasching: Yes. So merch margins, I mean, generally speaking, the work that the teams are doing is to absorb additional costs that we're starting to see whether those materials or labor embedded into the product cost. So I would say that the margin upside is -- any upside that we see will come in price increases. The regular work that we're doing on merchandise margins is really to maintain the level of margins that we have now versus finding efficiencies and opportunities to increase margin in this environment. And we're taking a long-term view of this. As I said, we're reducing SKU counts. We're being more focused, and we're investing in and eliminating unnecessary products in the line and trying to make more -- this more efficient, but it's really maintaining margins at this point versus looking for upside in this challenging environment.
Sam Poser: And then inventory by brand and in transit by brand?
Dave Powers: Yes. I can give you inventory by brand. I don't have the in-transit rating front of me, but roughly speaking, yes. So as I said, in total, the in-transit is just above 50%. So 50% of the $551 million is in transit. The $551 million, as it roughly breaks out by brand is about $350 million on UGG, $130 million on HOKA, $27 million on Teva, $10 million on Sanuk and a little over $26 million on Koolaburra.
Sam Poser: Thanks very much gents, and continue to success.
Dave Powers: All right. Thanks, Sam.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Hey, thanks guys. A couple of questions. Curious when this product comes in, when it does come in late, what sort of cancellation rates you're seeing for each of the brands? And also curious have to offer discounts when the product has come in late? Or is it more an environment where your wholesale partners are just taking whatever you've got whenever you get it? That's the first question. Second, you mentioned something earlier, I think, about HOKA new partners. So I just wanted to hear a little bit more detail what's going on there. And on the HOKA wholesale business, curious if you can talk about sales to same customers versus new customers that they've seen in terms of the growth of that business this year? Thanks.
Steve Fasching: Sure. What was…
Dave Powers: Cancellation.
Steve Fasching: Sorry, I'll start with cancellations.
Dave Powers: Yes.
Steve Fasching: Okay, this is Steve. So we're not seeing significant cancellations. I think to the point you made, we're seeing kind of what we -- are lower than what we expected in terms of cancellation. So there -- as the brands continue to remain in demand continue to sell customers are happy to get product. So we're not seeing anything that we didn't expect. So I think from a cancellation perspective, everything is as we anticipated. And the second question was…
Dave Powers: So new partners in Asia. So I think you might be referring to what I said earlier about HOKA retail stores. But the best way to think about that is partners that we have on the distributor model over in Asia. We're seeing very strong demand in those partners outside of China and Japan, we get Australia and some of the Southeast Asia countries. And then in China, what I really meant there is, over time, we will mirror the model that we've established for UGG with a handful of healthy owned retail stores and then third-party wholesale partners in region who can run stores for us. So in China, what I was speaking to is having a retail presence and showing that we are investing in the brand and creating a compelling experience for the consumer, that's all good for the distributors, potential partners that we're evaluating at the moment to see how Deckers is getting behind HOKA and gives them a lot of confidence for this brand going forward.
Paul Lejuez: Got it. The other piece is just the back of the HOKA growth this year, how did it look in terms of sales to existing customers or new doors, new partners? How does that break down?
Dave Powers: Yes. I mean, where we're able to get inventory to our partners, again, sell-through is exceptional, both existing partners, primarily in the run specialty arena. But as we talked about before, DICK'S is continuing to see very strong success. We're continuing to slowly and strategically expand with them as a partner. And so the results and the feedback from all of our wholesale partners, aside from frustration on delivery and timing that the teams had to deal with is very strong, speaking to the product and the demand for the brand and how awareness is increasing. So all good signs there, and that's on a global level. It's just really truly a matter of keeping up the demand right now, which we see accelerating on a regular basis.
Paul Lejuez: Okay. Thanks. Good luck.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Duffy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jim Duffy: Thank you. Good afternoon.
Dave Powers: Yes.
Jim Duffy: I wanted to start asking a question about the UGG brand and whether North America weather wasn't super cooperative through the selling season. Has the brand been diversified to the point where the weather just isn't a consideration that it used to be? Or are there other kind of changes to the brand and composition. Is it making more insulated to weather impacts?
Dave Powers: Yes, it's a good question. Weather used to be make or break for the UGG brand because we were so reliant on just kind of core products and didn't have a lot of non-weather-related options or fashionable options. So that's changed dramatically. I think weather now is -- it's either a small multi-play or up or down a few percentage points. It's probably the way to think about it. It was warmer than we expected in December, but the strength of the brand and the fashion product even though the classic still performed well, but it's really new mail, Tasman and the flood franchise that was driving the upside. And those tend to be less weather resistant for us. And as weather starting to -- or for the month of January, where weather is coal in the Northeast, we're still continuing to see strong demand for the brand. So we feel really good about the fact that we've kind of mitigated that weather impact and how important it was for our success by having a much more diverse and interesting fashionable product assortment that isn't so weather reliant. And we're going to continue to build on that for sure. And then I think if you look at the rain product that's in now, that's always been a big opportunity for us, and we have finally come to market which, I think, is a very compelling and exciting assortment in that category, we see continued upside there. And so you're going to see us build after that opportunity across men's, women's and kids as well.
Jim Duffy: Understood. Good progress. Steve, a couple of clarifications on your margin commentary. First, the $100 million in freight that you mentioned, is the convention for that comparable to the $40 million that you mentioned with the September quarter report? So effectively, you're planning $60 million incremental. Is that the right way to think about it?
Steve Fasching: That is. Yes. So in I think you've asked the question a couple of quarters ago. So yes, in terms of -- we have stepped up the incremental amount. The full year is $100 million for all of freight. So not only the additional air freight, but inclusive of the increased rates related to ocean freight.
Jim Duffy: Got it. Okay. And then you made a comment in the prepared remarks, you talked about pricing actions and looking out to fiscal 2023, we should not consider this gross margin guidance, but you talked about pricing, not being able to fully offset the freight expense. What other variables should we be considering as we think out with that? And as part of the uncertainty and the reason you stop short of providing gross margin guidance is you don't know what type of relief you might get on the freight in fiscal 2023?
Dave Powers: Yes, good question, Jim, and thanks kind of for asking because we can provide a little clarification because it is challenging in the current environment, and that is why we're being careful about it. I think -- and we got the before I think John asked just in terms of some of the components of it. We're having to use more airfreight than what we previously anticipated, your first question. And part of that is just with some of the disruption that we're seeing continued port congestion and having in-demand brands and especially with HOKA, we need to air freight that in. So that's going to be a continued kind of headwind until we start to see some normalization around the port congestion. We're not seeing any signs of that yet. So that is a bit of an unknown as to how long that will continue. So we want to be careful about what we're seeing in respect to when we can expect to see that reduce or normalize, right? So -- and I think, as I said in three months, hopefully, we're seeing some improvement, so we can give you a better update. But right now, nothing points to that. I think the other consideration and headwinds that we're dealing with as much of the inventory that we brought in this year has put a headwind pressure related to the ocean freight. So we've been inbounding inventory. The increased expense has largely impacted Q3 and beyond, right? The first two quarters were still at inventory freight levels that were at lower rates. So that will be a continued headwind for us as we go into FY 2023. And again, we'll be able to provide a better perspective on FY 2023 in three months. But those are the headwinds that we're continuing to face. As I said in the prepared remarks, we were hopeful that we would see some improvement. We're still seeing a high level, nearly twice what we saw a year ago with in-transit inventory. So with these costs still where they're at, we're still using air freight and more than what we previously anticipated, it's just really difficult in this environment to be able to give you clear guidance on what that gross margin means. And -- so how that relates to prices is because we know some of this air will reduce in time. We just don't know when. We're not pricing that into our product price increases. So we are increasing prices that are offsetting material increases. We are increasing pricing that's setting, that's helping offset some of the increase in ocean that we expect will continue, but we're not contemplating trying to offset airfreight in that. As we said in the prepared remarks, is a strategic decision on our part to get product in here to meet demand that's in the market. We want to maintain and grow market share. So that's the strategic levers that we're using and it does come at some gross margin compression, but we're willing to take that. And then as that eases off we'll be in a better position where you'll see some gross margin expansion.
Jim Duffy: Understood. Thank you for that clarification. And like part of the point is you'll be consuming inventories brought in at those higher freight rates into fiscal 2023?
Steve Fasching: That's correct. Correct. Yes.
Dave Powers: Yes.
Jim Duffy: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: And our last question today comes from Jay Sole with UBS. Please go ahead.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much. And Dave, I just wanted ask about HOKA, you mentioned brand awareness is rising, I believe. Can you just talk about from a marketing standpoint as you look into fourth quarter and a little bit into next fiscal year? what are some of the strategies you have to continue to raise awareness for HOKA, maybe some of the events or some of the opportunities to continue to elevate the brand and raise the were not just in the US but globally?
Dave Powers: Yes. Good question, Jay. The need to continue to market this brand is intense. And I think just -- and it's beyond just the amount of dollars you throw at it. The partnerships are crucial. We're really proud of our Global IRONMAN partnership, and that's having an impact in all the international regions as well. We're looking to expand that where we can into other opportunities, continuing to work with our athletes, both in insights on product, but also expanding the breadth and the awareness of the brand and supporting our community around the globe. Those are all part of the things that we do on a regular basis. That's true to our brand and really important for the continued success. But over the past year, we brought in a new Head of Marketing to the brand. Norman Delaney, who is doing a great job. And she's also embarked on a project where we're looking at bringing on a global -- or we have brought on a global agency of record to take what we're doing from a marketing perspective to the next level. I think we've been very good at events and independent launches of products, but we're looking for – in this new approach going forward, a much more consistent voice and message and look and feel for the brand going forward on a global scale. So you'll see that to start to happen in Q1, Q2. We're going to be launching a new updated website with the brand and some of that new creative will start showing on that over the summer. And then we'll continue to build on that. But the regional global teams are very excited about the new partner from a marketing and agency perspective. And then I think this is going to just be another boost to the brand to have an elevated, consistent global marketing story that we can create more consistency across all the product launches and in the markets. And then we also signed on in addition to iron Mariner sponsorship of the primary sponsor of the UTMB series going forward. These are very important races in the space, have global reach and they're very -- the Pinnacle positioning for both hardcore runners, but also everyday runner and fitness enthusiasts.
Jay Sole: Got it. Thank you so much.
Dave Powers: Thank you Jay.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session and concludes the conference call. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2021-10-28 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands’ Second Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's safe harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding changes in consumer behavior, strength of our brands and demand for products; changes to our product allocation, segmentation and distribution strategies; changes to our marketing plans and strategies; changes to our capital allocation strategies; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business; our anticipated revenues; brand performance; product mix; gross margins; expenses and liquidity position; and our potential repurchase of shares. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties and in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining today’s call. Deckers delivered another quarter of strong top-line growth made further progress towards key strategies and continued investing to support long-term growth opportunities. Second quarter revenue of $722 million represents an increase of 16% versus the prior year and 33% over the second quarter, two years ago.  Steve will provide additional second quarter context later in the call. But for now, I'd like to highlight the strength of our first half as we build towards delivering an exceptional fiscal year 2022. Six months into this fiscal year, Deckers has driven revenue growth of 35% over last year and earnings per share of $5.37 compared to $3.30 in the previous year. Performance in the first half exemplified the execution of key strategies as HOKA achieved exceptional global growth, delivering back-to-back quarters above $200 million contributing 35% of total revenue, up from 28% last year. And UGG continued to diversify its product portfolio growing double digits across Men's, Kids', and noncore Women's footwear as well as apparel and accessories further establishing itself as a globally relevant lifestyle brand. The increasing global footprint of HOKA, as well as the UGG brand's expansion beyond women's footwear are driving factors of Deckers evolution to a portfolio of powerful lifestyle brands. While we are building towards a bright future, Deckers is not immune to growing pains and global logistics pressures. Like everyone else we have been experiencing logistics bottlenecks that have led to large volumes of our product in transit as of September 30, but currently view ourselves as less vulnerable than others due to our lower exposure to Southern Vietnam production. Our bottlenecks are largely related to import congestion, which has primarily affected the UGG brand as the second quarter historically represents peak levels of fall product arriving from overseas factories. While we successfully shifted more UGG shipments into the first half in response to anticipated logistic issues, we experienced significant delays in containers being processed and released at the ports during the second quarter. We are working diligently with our logistics partners to process these shipments and we'll continue to do so. Steve will provide more details on the global logistical challenges we're experiencing and the actions we've taken to mitigate our risks later in the call. As we navigate through these challenges is we will leverage our omnichannel organization to ensure our brands are getting in front of target consumers with every opportunity to gain a share of closet with a prioritization of high quality, full price sales. Moving to the brand highlights, Global UGG second quarter revenue increased 8% versus last year to $448 million. Performance was driven by the brand's diversified product assortment, reflecting a growing penetration of men's, kids' and non-core women's footwear, as well as growth in apparel and accessories. Direct-to-consumer mix remains well above pre pandemic levels. However, the second quarter still primarily reflected fall product selling to UGG wholesale accounts. As you may recall, sell through of UGG products during last year's fall season was robust, which resulted in depleted marketplace inventories. This provided the opportunity for UGG to leverage its marketplace management strategy and reset wholesale inventories with its most diverse product assortment to date. One of the key drivers of UGG product diversification and acquisition of new and younger consumers has been the brand's fluff franchise. Fluff has been a leading element of brand diversification in the us over the past few years. The UGG product team has continued to infuse excitement and newness into the franchise with additional font colors and patterns of the original Fluff Yeah, which remained the number one DDC acquisition style in Q2, and new outdoor versions, such as the Oh Fluffita and Disco Slide. We're excited to see the franchise begin to resonate internationally as well with over 40% of franchise growth being generated outside of the U.S. in the second quarter. Another area of strength this year has been men's footwear, which increased revenue north of 20% in the second quarter. We have been encouraged by the steady increase in consumer adoption of the men's product line as we invest to build awareness and consideration among male consumers. Development of the UGG Men's business is most prevalent in the U.S. where the brand continues to drive record high levels of consideration among 18- to 34-year-olds with popular products, such as the Tasman, logo versions of the Scuff and colorful versions of the Neumel.  The Tasman, in particular, with its hybrid slipper sneaker attributes is evolving into a very popular style, experiencing considerable growth and helping to make a UGG a brand for the whole family. During the second quarter, the Tasman was a top five style with newly acquired male and female consumers. With its increased adoption and relevance among younger consumers, the UGG team introduced a companion style to the Tasman known as the Tazz. As a platform version of the Tasman, the Tazz is already gaining the attention of consumers and was recently pictured on several high-profile models attending New York Fashion Week. Beyond footwear, the UUG brand is entering its second fall season with its expanded, Ready to Wear apparel collection. The team has done a fantastic job, designing an apparel assortment featuring Cozy Fleece, Sherpa, Full Fur, and Sherling wardrobe items at compelling price points that offer value to the UUG consumer. In support of our commitment to building the lifestyle appeal bug this September, the brand launched its first ever apparel dedicated marketing campaign and influencer program to drive category awareness. The campaign is already generated over $500 million press impressions, including coverage on UGG and in style. In addition to the brand’s strategic category marketing investments, UGG is expecting to further enhance its apparel accessories relevance with the second and third product drops of the Telfar collaboration. These upcoming product drops feature hats, hoodies, robes, and other exciting products. These items will be featured online as well as that self-regist pop-up shop in the United Kingdom, which speaks to the UGG brand successful repositioning and increased adoption in Europe, as well as greater acceptance of UGG as a head-to-toe brand. UGG is making great headway attracting new consumers in a EMEA as just under half of the brand second quarter online purchases were new to the brand. Key styles driving consumer acquisition in the region were the Classic Mini, Classic Clear and the men’s Ascot. Moving on to China. I’m pleased report that UGG is making excellent progress as the region posted the highest growth rate across the globe during the second quarter. Beyond significant revenue growth, UGG is experiencing success on a number of fronts in China, including launching a second regional specific collaboration with designer Feng Chen Wang, which is helping UGG reconnect with the Chinese fashion consumer using a broader and more inclusive community of influencers to create a greater frequency of consumer touch points. Building the DTC business by driving increased traffic and conversion at stores and generating consumer excitement with bold new product offerings, including key styles such as the Classic Clear, Ultra Mini and the Oh Fluffita. Looking towards the second half of fiscal 2022 for UGG, we expect to drive sell through with the brand’s diversified product assortment, both with our wholesale partners and through our direct-to-consumer channels. We have confidence in the continued strong demand for the UGG brand and are actively working to mitigate macro supply chain challenges to deliver peak holiday season sales. Lastly, on the UGG front, you may have seen a recent release that UGG brand President, Andrea O’Donnell left the company to pursue a tremendous career opportunity, and we wish her, her the best. Fortunately, we have a strong UGG team in place, which was recently bolstered by the addition of two Vice Presidents that will be leading the marketing and women’s product teams. While we identify a new permanent leader for the brand, I’m excited to be overseeing the talented UGG team and build on their establishment of UGG as a global leading lifestyle brand. That creates bold, exciting and luxurious products for passionate consumers. Shifting to HOKA, global revenue in the second quarter increased 47% versus last year to $210 million. The HOKA ecosystem continues to experience exceptionally balanced growth across the brand’s global points of distribution and portfolio of products. HOKA has maintained a strategic and thoughtful approach to distribution management. Our goal is to build an audience of consumers through authentic performance driven product innovation, emotionally connected inclusive marketing, and a premium consumer experience across all the brands access points. The brand continues its highly selective approach to distribution expansion and remains focused on building market share through avenues that have the resources to educate consumers on the benefits and differentiators of HOKA. With that in mind and a focus on increasing brand awareness and key markets, HOKA recently opened pop-up retail stores in New York, in Los Angeles, as well as the brands first owned and operated stores in China. The HOKA retail strategy is in the infancy stage. The brand is testing multiple strategies and learning from our results and feedback to provide the ultimate consumer experience, which currently features community events and workshops designed to bring HOKA consumers together. Though too soon to make any definitive statements on HOKA stores, we have been very pleased with the initial response from a foot traffic, sales and service perspective. HOKA is already benefiting from Deckers organizational retail expertise developed in connection with the UGG brand. This wealth of experience is proving valuable in the early days of establishing HOKA store operations and highlighting the synergies gained by operating a portfolio of brands. Once we land on the optimum consumer experience and concept for HOKA stores will look to open additional locations in China first to serve that model brand market and then begin exploring longer-term opportunities in North America and Europe. A key piece of our long-term retail strategy is a development of a compelling apparel product line that can provide a broader consumer experience at our HOKA stores. Conversion to apparel purchasing is proving to be more successful in our stores than online. As HOKA has sold a higher percentage of apparel at retail compared to e-commerce since the stores have opened. While we are still very early in developing the HOKA apparel strategy and product line, we are actively building an exceptional team to support this phenomenal brand’s long-term opportunities, so stay tuned. On the digital front, HOKA was able to grow its consumer audience through a 97% increase in global acquisition online during the quarter. The brand has been prioritizing digital marketing avenues that target 18- to 34-year-old consumers. As a result, HOKA DTC acquisitions significantly over indexes toward these younger consumers. We are pleased to see that the younger consumers are adopting the HOKA brand both through its heritage Clifton and Bondi styles, as well as through newer styles aimed at the demographic such as the Mach 4 and the Rincon 3. From an international perspective, DTC remains a much smaller proportion of the business, but HOKA is scaling its DTC mix very quickly, as DTC growth is significantly outpacing wholesale. Considerable gains and consumer acquisition and retention in the UK and Germany, two of the HOKA brands key focus markets are driving the exceptional growth rate of EMEA DTC. The EMEA region continues to be the HOKA brand’s largest international region. Worldwide HOKA is gaining momentum. And through the first half of this year, every global region has posted double-digit growth as compared to last year. I also want to highlight the HOKA brand’s recent announcement of a multi-year sponsorship for the UTMB World Series. The Ultra Trail du Mont Blanc or UTMB for short is the world’s ultimate running trail circuit, which includes over 20 events on six continents in 2022. Sponsoring the UTMB as the premier technical footwear and apparel partner is a big marketing and promotional opportunity for HOKA. We will leverage this partnership to build awareness of the brand’s globally relevant performance driven products, a big thank you to the HOKA marketing team for making this sponsorship a reality. Heading into the final months of 2021, the HOKA team has been reviewing consumer insights, market research and product launch calendar for spring 2022 and input cost pressures to determine if there are strategic actions, we can take to navigate this dynamic environment. As we’ve done with our other brands, HOKA has identified specific products for which there is opportunity to increase price to in better align with competitive offerings, partially offset macro input cost pressures, and maintain the brand’s premium positioning and relative margin strength versus peers. The HOKA team also continues to review planned product launch dates and will make strategic adjustments to ensure healthy full price sell through of existing and future models just has the brand has done in the past. HOKA is well-positioned to gain greater market share globally as the brand expands consumer awareness through strategic marketing activations, including event sponsorships, pop-up retail, digital targeting, and forthcoming brand campaigns. Congratulations to the entire HOKA team on another stellar quarter. We look forward to continued brand execution for the second half of fiscal year 2022 and beyond, as HOKA builds to a multi-billion-dollar leader in the performance lifestyle space. With respect to channel performance in the second quarter, global wholesale revenue increased 21% versus prior year and plus 23% versus two years ago. Wholesale comparisons continue to be unique as we’re lapping some disruption in the prior year and currently facing macro logistics pressures and bottlenecks that have altered shipment timing as compared to historical patterns. UGG and HOKA drove wholesale growth as UGG is refilling depleted marketplace inventories, while gaining incremental volume in new categories and HOKA continues to gain market share globally. From a direct-to-consumer standpoint, global revenue increased 3% versus last year and plus 79% versus two years ago. HOKA drove the majority of DTC growth as UGG remained pressured by exceptional demand last year that resulted from pandemic tailwinds, benefiting the brand online. Line while UGG DTC declined as compared to last year, the brand is still plus 37% above pre-pandemic second quarter DTC volume. HOKA DTC increased 81% versus last year, which is on top of the prior year’s triple digit increase, reflecting the brand’s consumer acquisition gains in greater repeat purchasing from existing consumers. Before handing off to Steve, I want to take a moment to recognize our company, brands and employees, recent activities on the sustainability ESG and DEI fronts, which we believe are a positive contributor to our company culture, local communities, and consumer passions for our brand. A few key highlights from our recent achievements, include UGG introducing its icon impact collection, which was thoughtfully designed using low impact materials in combination with offsets to make the collection carbon neutral. Teva launching the ReEmber collection that features 100% recycled ripstop upper material. All of our brands reducing their per pair emissions in fiscal year 2021 as compared to fiscal year 2020 and our employees around the globe participating in another art of kindness week, during which we collectively donated over 4,300 hours contributing to 317 organizations around the world. A big thanks to our employees for their continued dedication to giving back. Additionally, I’m excited to announce that our 2021 corporate responsibility report will be released next week. The report contains a great deal of information on Deckers corporate social responsibility journey, including the filing and approval of science-based targets and the setting of robust carbon reduction targets. I’d encourage you all to take a look, as this report, highlights the passion and commitment of our company and our employees to do good and do great. With that, I’ll hand the call over to Steve to provide further details on our second quarter financial results, status of the dynamic supply chain challenges the industry is facing, as well as our updated fiscal year 2022 outlook.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. We’re excited by the demand. Our brands continue to exhibit through the first half of this fiscal year. As Dave covered, UGG is setting up the holiday season with its most diverse product assortment today. And HOKA is delivering exceptionally balanced, strong growth and market share gains across regions, channels and categories. While the supply chain remains a headwind to overcome. The performance of our brands thus far is the result of our team’s dedication to executing Deckers long term strategies, as we manage through near-term disruption. The strength of our brand portfolio, our flexible operating model and robust balance sheet gives us confidence in our ability to successfully navigate the evolving marketplace. Now let me get into the second quarter results. Second quarter fiscal 2022 revenue was $722 million, representing a 16% increase versus last year and a 33% increase versus two years ago. Q2 growth versus last year was driven by our two largest brands, UGG and HOKA. As UGG wholesale increased 19% versus last year, as we ship more product into the channel, though, we did experience pressures from port delays and HOKA continued to deliver and press of growth across all channels with an increase of 47%. Gross margins for the second quarter were down 30 basis points versus last year to 50.9%. The decreases compared to last year was related to increased usage of air freight for the UGG wholesale brands and higher than prior year proportion of wholesale shipments. As we refill marketplace inventories and lap disruption from the prior year. With positive offsets coming from favorable brand mix, as HOKA continues to increase as a percentage of total company sales, favorable foreign currency exchange rates and fewer closeouts at a higher margin rate. SG&A dollar spend for the quarter was $239 million up 25% from last year’s 190 million, higher spend was primarily driven by greater marketing expense to fuel brand heat, highlight new categories and increased localized content, increased compensation costs as we onboard new talent to support our growing organization and higher variable expenses related to increased volume for our warehouse logistics and IT. Our tax rate was 20.1%, which compares to 20.6% last year. This all resulted in diluted earnings per share of $3.66 per the quarter, which compares to $3.58 in last year’s second quarter. The $0.08 increase versus last year was primarily driven by revenue growth of the UGG and HOKA brands with offsets from increased SG&A spend primarily related to increased marketing and headcount supporting the growth of the business. Turning to our balance sheet. At September 30, 2021, we ended September with $746 million of cash and equivalent. Inventory, including units in-transit with $636 million, up 31% from $484 at the same time last year and we had no outstanding borrowings. During the second quarter, we repurchased approximately $54 million worth of shares at an average price of $406. That brings the year-to-date total share purchase as of September 30 to $136 million at an average share price of $356.08. And as of September 30, 2021, the company had $675 million remaining under its stock repurchase authorization. Before discussing our updated outlook for fiscal year 2022, I’d like to provide some context on the current state of our supply chain, our disruption mitigation efforts and trends we are seeing. Starting with footwear production. I can confirm the majority of our products are produced in Vietnam. However, due to the location of our factories, which are primarily in Northern Vietnam, as well as the seasonality of our business and strategic product prioritization. We do not expect factory shutdowns that occurred in the second quarter to cause a material negative top line effect on our full year fiscal 2022 guidance. To put this in perspective, less than 10% of our Vietnam production today is done in the Southern region, which experienced shutdowns during the second quarter. However, our team successfully shifted a material portion of this production to alternative existing partner factories by leveraging our dual sourcing strategy, which allows us to manufacture same styles in multiple factories. While we were able to nimbly shift production locations, the expected timing of these receipts will be later than we previously planned, those still expected within the current year. As part of our ongoing sourcing strategy to support the growth of our brands and in an effort to further mitigate impacts into fiscal year 2023, we have secured additional production lines in new geographic locations with our existing partners and have also on-boarded long-term strategic factory partners. In addition, we plan to carry more inventory this year and into next year as we do not anticipate any near-term resolution to the global supply chain disruption, and it will also act as a hedge to inflationary pressures expected in FY23. From a logistics standpoint, we are not unique in that we are deal with significant delays at ports related to not only prolonged processing times for ship cargo, but also a shortage of trucks, chassis, and drivers. While the challenges at the port of Los Angeles and Long Beach have been widely reported, the issue is not isolated to those ports and port constraints have postponed shipments to our warehouses in Q2. In a typical year roughly 20% of inventory is in transit at the end of September. But this year with the bottlenecks that we've experienced, approximately 45% of our inventory was in transit. Even with product beginning to move off the water, as well as packed and staged at the warehouse. Some of our wholesale partners are experiencing labor shortages and logistic constraints in their own operations, which is further hindering our ability to deliver shipments in a timely manner. Additionally, on the international front we've experienced numerous startup challenges during our 3PL distribution center transition in Europe and expect there will be continued pressures as they refine their systems and delivery levels. While the transition has been difficult, especially in light of the challenging global logistics environment, this is a critical investment to create long-term capacity that will facilitate anticipated growth in the UGG and HOKA brands for years to come. We will continue to work closely with our provider to assist with improving throughput as their operations come up to speed. From a freight expense standpoint, the entire industry continues to face higher costs for ocean containers. In addition, as production and port delays persist on top of delays arising from production shifts in Vietnam, we will continue to utilize elevated levels of air freight, which is considerably more expensive whenever it is needed to maintain strategic product launches. As Dave mentioned, the HOKA brand is implementing targeted price increases for specific products, which will help partially offset higher air freight costs, but we will still expect, there will be some level of gross margin compression. As with the rest of our peers and industry we're dealing with a number of challenges, but I have the utmost confidence in our employees and their resilience to overcome these hurdles. With that context in mind, we are adjusting our outlook to reflect these supply side risks. For the full fiscal year 2022 we are reiterating our expected top line revenue growth of 18% to 20%, which equates to revenue in the range of $3.01 billion to $3.06 billion, including expectations of HOKA growing 50-plus percent over last year with confidence the brand can include $875 million of revenue. UGG growing high single digits, reflecting pressure on the prior high end of the range due to shipment disruption, Teva's still growing in the high-teens range and Koolaburra and Sanuk expected to be approximately flat to last year. Gross margin is now expected to approximately 51.5%, which is lower than our prior guidance due to further pressures from increasing costs related to ocean containers and greater utilization of air freight as port congestion and trucking scarcity has worsened. SG&A is now expected to be approximately 34% of revenue reflecting our operating models, agility in this dynamic environment to flex our variable spend with targeted temporary reductions. We anticipate these expense adjustments will help offset further gross margin pressure allowing us to maintain the prior high end of our operating margin range at 18%. We are lowering the bottom end of the operating margin to 17% to reflect current port congestion conditions that may necessitate more air freight. We still expect a tax rate of approximately 23%. Taking into account the risk factors I have mentioned along with the share repurchase executed in the second quarter, we are expanding our earnings per share guidance range for fiscal year 2022 to now be in the range of $14.15 to $15.15. While we have tried to incorporate what we know at this point, our full year guidance does not anticipate any further significant supply chain disruption excludes one-time charges and does not contemplate impact from additional share purchases. Although supply chain pressures have grown across the entire industry. We remain confident in maintaining our prior top line revenue guidance as our brands continue to experience exceptional marketplace demand. Actions our teams have taken to preserve this outlook include bringing greater levels of inventory earlier to mitigate delays and inflationary cost pressures. Utilizing our dual sourcing network to offset factory closures and disruption, adding production capacity and further diversifying our country level exposure of factories and partners, increasing air freight usage to ensure our brands are opportunistically gaining market share in this competitive environment, strategically evaluating and leveraging our brands, price, elasticity and remaining nimble in responding to new challenges as they arise. A combination of these efforts has enabled us to maintain the top end of our operating margin outlook, while expanding the range of our earnings guidance to reflect the current challenges of the supply chain environment. Deckers continues to deliver strong growth with excellent levels of profitability and is operating from a position of strength. Thanks everyone. I'll now hand the call back to Dave for his final remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks Steve. The company's performance over the past six months highlights the strength of our brand portfolio and value of our operating model. Our largest brands, UGG and HOKA are delivering compelling growth in the midst of historic levels of supply chain disruption. In spite of this turmoil, the company continues to generate strong cash flow that enables our leadership team to continue making key strategic investments that will contribute to Deckers long-term growth and success. Our focus remains to increase global awareness and adoption of HOKA as we work towards building a powerful multi-billion-dollar performance brand, build the global adoption of UGG across a diverse set of consumers, categories, seasons and regions, and acquire consumers direct into our ecosystem with the goal of scaling our DTC mix of business to 50% of revenue over time. We are proud of our employees continued progress on these key initiatives and appreciate their buy-in to make our collective organizational success a reality. In the last 18 plus months, which are unprecedented in modern history, our employees have proven the value of our collaborative and winning culture. This reflects in both our financial performance, but also in the progress we continue to make on the ESG and DEI fronts. I'm delighted to share that the culture of Deckers is being recognized outside of our organization as well. Earlier this month, Deckers was ranked six on Newsweek's list of the 100 most loved workplaces. On behalf of the board and the management team I am extremely proud of this distinction as we continue to live our values by fostering a positive environment that allows employees to come as you are. Recognition like this matters a great deal, especially when we are building our workforce for the future. For more on our global efforts supporting Deckers culture and values, I would want again encourage everyone to take a look at our 2021 corporate responsibility report that will be released next week. I'd like to thank you all for joining us here today and to thank all of our stakeholder for your continued support. We look forward to sharing Deckers continued bright future with you. With that I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Dana Telsey from Telsey Advisory Group. Please go ahead.
Dana Telsey: Good afternoon, everyone. And definitely tricky navigating everything, it seems like you're moving through it. As you think about the navigation of this supply chain headwinds, and you mentioned the percentage of goods in transit was 45% at the end of September. What does that cadence look like going forward? How do you see that developing? And how much is pressure from the wholesale partners impacting your inventory levels and getting goods? Then I just have a follow up.
Steve Fasching: Sure. Dana, this is Steve. I'll take a first stab and then Dave can jump in. I think in terms of cadence, how we're looking at is, as we've said in the script, we're going to be buying more inventory this year because, while we don't know exact timing and we're focused on the year. We do want to make sure that we have goods in place to sell. So, as we see it, our ending position at Q2 we had about the same amount of inventory in the way warehouse a year ago, even though we had that in 30% increase. So, we're going to continue to process that inventory. There is a bit of a domino effect that the delays are going to impact other inbound inventory. So, we're very focused on processing what we can through the port congestion. We will supplement it with air freight were appropriate, especially around product launches. And so, we're going to continue to do that. I think the strategy of buying more inventory early on at the beginning of this year was the right strategy. And so, the inventory's not the issue. Demand is not the issue. It's just our ability to process inventory work through, port congestion, and as we said trucks and chassis, as well as working with our wholesale customers to get them to pick it up because they're experiencing similar challenges with arranging trucks and drivers. So overall would've liked to have done more, but we're dealing with what we have and I think we've good a good strategy to approach it.
Dave Powers: Yes. I would echo that, and I think as Steve said, we were proactive in getting ahead of this with increasing our production at the end of last year, going into the beginning of this year. Making sure we had plenty of goods to sell, knowing that prices are going to go up and that the supply chain challenges could persist. That's proven to be true. The good news is the inventories on its way. We have a large number on the water in transit. And we feel confident that we'll have the inventory particularly as it relates to UGG in Q3 in the marketplace, going into peak season, whether that's at wholesaler or DTC, we'll be prepared for the busy season of UGG. And then the other, the next piece of that is just preparing for Q4 for UGG, but also really HOKA when this starts ripping up. So, if the day-by-day navigation of when it's going to be here? How it's going to get here, but we have incredible relationships with our factory partners. We have incredible relationships with our wholesale partners and we're all in this together to get to the inventory out to the consumer's passes and best positioned as we can.
Dana Telsey: Thank you. And then pricing?
Steve Fasching: The follow-up.
Dana Telsey: Yes. The follow-up is about pricing. Are you taking price on HOKA and UGG and if so, how much, how do you see that evolving?
Steve Fasching: Yes. So, we didn't do a lot of price increases, generally speaking for this current fall. HOKA has taken prices up surgically, I would say with their big styles starting in spring introductions and that's embedded in the guidance. And then for fall 2022, we will be taking prices up for the UGG brand. And I'm confident that based on the strength of the brand and the consumer sentiment in the market, we have the ability to do that. And fortunately, a lot of the inventory that we have coming in the pipeline is on a lower cost basis than it will be next year. So that works to our advantage, but we will be taking price increases going into FY23, starting in the fall with UGG.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Steve Fasching: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Komp from Robert Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Yes. Hi. Thank you. First question, just on the UGG, the update to the UGG sales guidance for the year in bringing down the top end. Can you maybe just comment how that looks across channels wholesale versus D to C. And you're not looking for guidance into next year, but how long do you expect some of these challenges to continue as we think into next year?
Dave Powers: Yes. I’ll let Steve answer that. The challenges with UGG really, it's not a demand challenge at all. We still have very strong demand from our consumer and our wholesaler accounts are telling us that they generally speaking still wanted the product. So, it's more about the ability for us to product out of the distribution network due to the bottlenecks in Q2, but the demand is very strong. So, it's just a matter of getting caught up. With Steve you detailed...
Steve Fasching: Yes, I think Jon, yes, in terms of the guidance, how we're looking at UGG, we shaved a little off the top end and I think that has to do, as we said around the disruption that we're seeing and the port congestion, so inability to get some product on time, we think is going to put some pressure on our ability to sell to that high end. That's going to be, I think equally felt as we look at it now. The dynamics that we don't know yet is really how the selling season plays out. So, assuming things improve from where we were at the end of Q2, and we were able to get more product to process through our warehouse we'll be able to process those wholesale orders. Again, then depending on what happens there we'll determine how we handle DTC business. So, we could see an increase in our DTC business with improvement and product, but that'll be dependent to on how much honestly, we ship really in the next kind of month and a half. So hard to say kind of how the channels work out, but we're going to be prepared that if there is some disruption to shipping in our wholesale customers, we'll pick that up through our DTC channels. So, we're remaining pretty flexible on that, hard to say exactly how that plays out. Just a little bit of caution because of the disruption that we've seen, again the domino effective of when that's going to, and how that's going to play out, but we will be you prepared to pick up any of those wholesale sales that may get missed with our own DTC business.
Dave Powers: Yes. We saw that last year when there was scarcity in the marketplace for wholesale, we saw consumers going direct to our DTC channels, mostly our website at the time, hence the challenge on the comp this year in that channel. But I think as I said, going into November, December, we have the inventory and we'll be ready depending on how the consumer wants to shop.
Jonathan Komp: Okay. That's very helpful. And then one follow-up on gross margin, the full year outlook, the change is that all related to freight? And could you may be further quantify what you are embedding now? And then when we look at the implied second half gross and it looks maybe 150 basis points or more below the second half of fiscal 2020. So just want to maybe ask how you're thinking about the pricing that you are planning, how that might offset the expected inflation and what's the right way to think about the baseline for gross and going forward?
Steve Fasching: Yes, sure Jon. So, before we got into just under, I think, 53, we're now about 51.5, that difference is really increased ocean freight as well as more air freight. And so, if you look at the first half of the year, the first half of the year, a lot of that inventory was transported before we're seeing the increases around ocean freight. So, we're anticipating a much bigger hit in the second half related to ocean freight increases. So, the inventory that's in transit and flowing in now is coming in at a higher freight cost, then also supplementing it with more air freight that we expect to experience in the second half. So, the price increases that we're implementing with HOKA will help offset, but it's still relatively small in the big scheme of things.
Jonathan Komp: Okay. 
Steve Fasching: So yes, it's able to help mitigate it to a very small extent and that less than 150 basis point margin hit on the year that we're now projecting is really ocean freight increases largely that we expect to experience in the second half, as well as some supplemental air freight that we did do and will do more of in the second half.
Dave Powers: Yes. And we've taken a conservative approach on it. So, it could improve, but right now, from where we stand today, calling the ball, this is what we think is prudent.
Jonathan Komp: Okay. And just to clarify your pricing strategy throughout next year, is it – do you think it's enough to trend more back towards your 2021 levels of gross margin or should we be thinking back towards 2020 more sort of the baseline going forward?
Steve Fasching: That's the goal is to get it back. And so, the price increases discussions that we're having in the brand are pretty broad based, including some kind of core classics in the mix still early days, but that's how we're thinking about it, get back to normalized levels.
Dave Powers: Yes. And I think Jon on that early to tell, right, and it's going to be dependent on when we begin to see normalized freight around containers. So, what we're experiencing this year, hopefully we aren't going to necessarily see on an ongoing basis. So, the sooner we can get back to a more normalized level that will be tailwind on the margin front. And then on the air freight, additionally, with the extra inventory that we're are bringing in this year should provide a tailwind for us. But I want to be a little careful about getting too far ahead of ourselves on how much margin takeback we get next year.
Steve Fasching: Yes.
Jonathan Komp: Understood. I appreciate it. Thanks. Okay.
Steve Fasching: Okay.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: The next question comes from Camilo Lyon from BTIG. Please go ahead.
Camilo Lyon: Thank you. Good afternoon. Just a clarifying question first on the Q2 revenue number that you reported, it looks from our math that you had about $75 million to$100 million of that delay in shipments. Is that about the right ballpark to think about out in terms of what you experienced from a supply chain transit perspective?
Steve Fasching: Yes, I think again, we're looking at the whole year, haven't given guidance, but if you look at what we were expecting in terms of inbound inventory that remained in transit yes, you're right in terms of how much you could probably extrapolate of what we thought we could have turned on that inbound inventory. That got really hung up in transit during the quarter.
Camilo Lyon: Okay, great. And then I guess the question is it sounds like that's still in transit there that has not shipped out to wholesale, is that the right assumption there?
Steve Fasching: Correct. So, when we say in transit, it means it has not arrived at our warehouse. So, it's in the process. So, either on containers or in the ports or on their way to the warehouse. [Indiscernible].
Dave Powers: Months, yes.
Camilo Lyon: Yes. So, is it fair to say that that Q2 shift will be absorbed in Q3, or is that still uncertain?
Steve Fasching: No, I would say, back to my earlier comment about a domino effect, we won't be able to make all that up. So, there is a bit of a trickle down. So, I wouldn't add that myth back into Q3 because we're experiencing a domino effect. And as we're seeing, right, there's a continued backlog at the ports.
Camilo Lyon: Yes. No, definitely. It's pretty pervasive and I think it's gotten worse with each data passes. Okay, so you talked about taking on more inventory and you've said a few different times on the call that you're not concerned about demand trends. Can you just give us some examples of the demand signals that you have been seen probably most importantly at wholesale? And then secondarily, as we think about the comments around taking on more inventory to alleviate any further disruptions how do you feel about or what are the discussions, I should say, with your wholesale partners in terms of any cancellations that may have been discussed? And if that inventory does come back reinstatement of those cancellations, or using your own DTC as the preferred mechanism to satisfy demand, as you get deeper and deeper into the holiday season?
Steve Fasching: Sure, I'll start and then I'll let Dave go. I think again, from a demand perspective, there's more to demand out there then we can ship to. And, the build-in inventory that you're seeing and our ability to get product to wholesale customers. As a part of that port congestion and delay, we have had conversations with our customers and said kind of here our new expected dates, do you still want product or not? In most cases, absolutely. And they recognize how important both UGG and HOKA are to their businesses. And so, people aren't walking away from orders because they recognize their need to have that product on their shelf. So, we're working through that with them. If they feel it's too late known we'll take some cancellations and then that's our opportunity to fulfill those sales through DTC. And we'll take that at a higher margin. So that's how our approach is.
Dave Powers: Yes. And the signals from wholesale continued to be healthy. Hence that's why they're saying we want the product as soon as we can get it. We'll work with you. And we're getting creative on how we get product to these accounts. But the sell-throughs are healthy across the board for both brands. And as Steve said, there's more demand that we can fulfill at the moment. But we're confident that they're going to converge coming into the busy season. So, we'll have inventory depending on what the channel is, where the consumer wants to shop.
Camilo Lyon: That sounds great, especially with the weather forecast being for [indiscernible] winter and cold and snowy one. So, it should be good. Last question, just on that inventory composition that you're taking on a bigger bet on, what are the styles that you're thinking about? You're taking a bigger bet on just the core classics or is it a broader array of a product?
Dave Powers: It’s some classics, that it big part of it is product that we can carry over if necessary. So, it’s not liability product generally speaking. And then some obviously the big seasonal sell is like the fluff and the clear – Tasman, those styles, that’s where the meat of the inventory is and heading into spring, some new fluff introductions evolving into outdoor sandals. And then in HOKA, it’s again driven by Clifton and Bondi, Rincon, top five styles that are doing the business, a lot of the initial drops are kind of one and done until they get a new delivery coming in. So again, it’s product that we know the consumers are going to want when they can get it. And then if we need to carry a little bit over, it sets us up with a bit of a margin tailwind going into next year, because it’s at a lower cost basis and its product that we know we can sell later on in heading into FY2023 if necessary.
Camilo Lyon: Excellent, best of luck guys.
Dave Powers: I think the bottom line there Camilo, we want the inventory in the country. You wouldn’t want it on a transit or in a factory. And so that’s been our stance and staying aggressive on getting it here.
Camilo Lyon: I think this might be the first time I’ll ever say, get as much inventory as you possibly can.
Dave Powers: Yes, exactly. Thanks.
Camilo Lyon: Good luck guys.
Dave Powers: Thank you. Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Sam Poser from Williams. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser: Thank you, guys, for taking my questions. Some of the questions have sort of been answered. So first of all, before we get started, can you give us the wholesale revenue or the direct-to-consumer revenue by brand this way I ask it on the call, which I didn’t do last time, this was coming.
Dave Powers: Sure. Erinn?
Erinn Kohler: Yes. Hi Sam.
Sam Poser: Hi.
Erinn Kohler: So, for a global wholesale and distributor combined for each of the brands for UGG $349 million, for HOKA $147 million, for Teva $19 million, for Sanuk $7 million and others $23 million.
Sam Poser: Thank you. And then the – I just want to follow-up on the inventory and I concur with Camilo right now, which is shocking, but the question really is what does the inventory look like today, like if you took your inventory as that was $636 million now, how much of that is actually left the building and what does that number look like today? Both from a total and then in transit like if you just as of today.
Dave Powers: Yes. So, I’ve been, that’s right, follow exactly what you’re trying to get at Sam, let me try to answer and you can follow-up.
Steve Fasching: I think he’s asking of that inventory that was in transit and sitting in the DC since in November.
Sam Poser: No, I mean, I’m just saying you have $636 million less, 45% of that’s on the water, but today, what is your total inventory and how much of that is in transit? So just exactly the same number, but as of today.
Dave Powers: Yes. I think we’ll not give that. What I think your question is the in transit that we had at end of September being processed and the answer is, yes, we are processing some of that. Do we still have a higher proportion of in transit today than we did a year ago? Yes. There is some improvement, so clearly with the seasonality of UGG, this is the time we’re bringing in a lot of inventory, right. And that’s what got caught up in some of this port congestion. It’s going to take a little bit of time to clear that, and we’re not seeing the improvements to move through that inventory at the port. That’s why you’re still hearing about ships lined up outside the port of Los Angeles and Long Beach. So, we are – where we’re at in our business cycle and the seasonality of the UGG business, there is improvement, but we still have ways to go with in transit 45% compared to 20%. There’s a lot of inventory to work through and because we’re not unique in this, everybody else is I think battling a similar issue. So, we’ll be able to share more later. But hopefully, we’re going to start to see some improvements. We are seeing some just due to where we’re at in line. But there are still some pretty significant congestions in the port.
Sam Poser: And then one last thing, just when you think about the $349 million that you did in a wholesale in the quarter, can we as – how should we think, I mean, if – are you – is a $400 million wholesale number or in that let’s call it Florida, four to slightly higher number for Q3. Is that a reasonable number to think about given the movements around and so on? Or is that – can you give us some help there?
Dave Powers: Yes. I think the way you’re asking it somewhat to how Camilo asked his question was given how much inventory we had in transit. Had we been able to process that in Q2, would that have driven our UGG number north to a number you’re talking about? Yes, we would’ve. But we’ll see what normal cadence is. Some of that’s being us driving that wholesale replenishment in Q2. So that was a bigger number that we’re working toward and continuing to work toward. But yes, to answer your question, could we have done more, had we had more inventory? Yes.
Sam Poser: I’m really talking about Q3. Am I thinking about $400 million to call it $420 million? Is that a range that is reasonable of sort of within where you’re thinking about your wholesale business for the full year is. Am I in the ballpark on that number? Are we – it’s a big number, it’s an important quarter? We can’t really guesstimate DTC, but you sort of know what’s where, and you sort of know what you’re thinking can get through.
Dave Powers: Yes. I mean, I think, yes, again, a potential, we’re not giving guidance on the quarter. And we’re still working through congestion at the port, but yes.
Steve Fasching: We could do that.
Dave Powers: We could do that. We could have done that last quarter. Yes. It’s all dependent on ability to get inventory in and processed and out to our customers.
Sam Poser: Yes. How much have you gotten in and processed in the last three weeks?
Dave Powers: Yes. Well, we haven’t gotten into that, but we’re processing more. Yes.
Sam Poser: All right.
Dave Powers: But again, I mean, it’s – yes.
Sam Poser: I understand. I – look, I’m just trying to get my arms around the whole thing. So, I mean, you definitely have plenty of ammunition. It’s just a matter of getting it through the process.
Steve Fasching: That’s right. That’s right. Yes.
Dave Powers: And we’re doing everything we can. And like I said, based on the guidance for the year, we think we can deliver what we said last quarter. And the mix might change between UGG and HOKA little bit, but based off how the trends are continuing and the demand being strong we felt confident we can deliver the year.
Sam Poser: Thanks very much and good luck.
Steve Fasching: Great.
Sam Poser: Happy holidays.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Sam.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Duffy from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jim Duffy: Thanks. Hello. Thank you for taking my question.
Steve Fasching: Hey Jim.
Dave Powers: Hey Jim.
Jim Duffy: I hope you guys are hanging in there doing well. I wanted to start just by asking, you’ve got a fairly narrow selling window for UGG. What’s the risk that UGG product gets delivered too late in that selling window and becomes carryover inventory. That’s a burden on next year. What can you do to try to prevent that?
Dave Powers: Well, I think we’re doing everything we can to prevent that scenario of happening. The good news is, we know from what we saw last year, when there was lack of inventory in the wholesale channel that people came running to our DTC channel. And I think that gives us a lot of confidence and we’re gearing up for that in November, December, should that be the case? For some reason, we can’t get all the inventory that we want out into the marketplace to the consumers and there’s carryover. We do think that January and February is still going to be strong months for UGG. And I think, in a lot of ways, Christmas is going to be late this year for people. So, I think there will be still an opportunity in Q4 to sell some of that product. But as I said, a lot of this is kind of core carryover product in the UGG brand that we can sell next year. And the benefit of that is that it’ll be a lower cost basis than any new inventory we start producing today for next year. So, it’s a missed litigation plan, where we said, hey, we want to get as much inventory as we can in the pipeline. The demand continues to be super strong. We’re going to do everything we can to make Q3 in the year with UGG. And if we don’t, we have carryover inventory, we’re willing to do that, so that we have inventory to go into next fall, and as I said, at a better cost basis.
Steve Fasching: Just to add on that, Jim, it’s a good question. I think a couple things I’ll add. One, as Dave kind of said is, as everybody knows with all the supply chain constraints going on this year that the holiday selling seasons probably extended on both ends, right. People are being told, buy more early. We’re encouraging people to buy more early as well. They’ll continue to buy up to the holiday season. And for those areas, where people didn’t get what they want, we expect that there will be demand in January. So that’s the way we’re looking at that today’s point. We’re happy to fulfill that through DTC, if our wholesale customers want to do that too, we’re happy to provide inventory. You can tell by our inventory number, we’ve got it coming in. We’re going to be able to deal with it. So, I think that’s our approach. The other component, I think that’s important on the inventory is that we’re looking at carryover style. So, as we knew, we were going to buy more inventory this year. We were careful with the inventory that we selected, that we were buying more up. So that if we did have to carry some over, it would be limited in terms of seasonal styles or specific non-carryover styles that we wanted to limit. So again, we’ve been careful, I think, again, the right approach in terms of bringing more on to navigate some of the disruption that we’re seeing, but that’s kind of how we’re seeing it play out and then we’ll see what happens.
Jim Duffy: Great. Thanks for that. I wanted to ask a quick one on HOKA, if I may. What we’re hearing from some other players in the athletic category, they are going to be in a position of inventory deficiency in that March quarter, suggesting HOKA has great opportunity for market share gains. How will you think about market share gains in revenue versus margin and the trade off from using expedited freight and so forth to capitalize on that opportunity?
Dave Powers: Well, I think, certainly Q4 for us, our Q4 ending in March is a big opportunity for HOKA. The order book is strong. Hence, you see our guidance maintaining. We have inventory on the way. We had minimal disruptions due to Vietnam production, but we’ve been dual sourcing that. So, the product is being made. It’s just a little bit behind. Our priority is to maintain strength in the marketplace and steal share. And if we have to spend a little money to do that and protect Q4 top line. We think that’s the right approach to do both short-term and long term.
Steve Fasching: And I think, Jim, also on that, we are buying more, we’re more confident with HOKA, we’re buying more inventory. That is one area that we are willing to spend more on air freight to expedite that in. So that is absolutely a trend if we see in Q4, we are going to be prepared to try to capitalize on.
Dave Powers: Yes. We’re going to continue to stay super aggressive on HOKA. It’s a competitive marketplace. We have newcomers coming in, including ourselves that are stealing share from some of the heritage running brands. It’s continuing to have incredible momentum for us. We do see this as a long term multi-billion-dollar play. And we’re not taking this quarter-to-quarter, but we don’t want to miss any opportunity to steal share and get in on the feet of consumers globally.
Jim Duffy: Excellent. Thank you, guys. Appreciate you taking my questions.
Dave Powers: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from Janine Stichter from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Janine Stichter: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I want to shift gears a little bit and talk about Europe. It sounds like the adoption there of the fluff franchise has really picked up. Just curious, what ending you think you’re in. And if you feel like, it’s following a similar path, the recovery we’ve seen in the U.S. And then secondarily just wanted to check on sheepskin costs. Have you loss those in for next year yet? Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yes. Good question. So, yes, we are seeing good momentum in both Europe and in Asia with the fluff franchise being picked up this year more so than it was last year. So, the trend that started in U.S. is expanding globally. That’s good news for us. And we do think that that franchise is going to continue to be a key part of the brand going forward, including iterations that are in the pipeline to expand into a little bit more outdoor usage, but that is a new leg of the stool, so to speak for the UGG brand going forward. As far as Europe goes, it’s great that we are seeing that adoption. We’re also seeing younger consumers coming into the brand, which is fantastic. And we’ve been working on that for a long time. The unfortunate piece is that this year, the demand is going to be higher than the supply and that challenges the growth opportunity that we were hoping for in the transition and turn around in that marketplace. So, it might take a little bit of longer till we return to full-time consistent growth. We were hopeful that we could do it this year, but I think some of the bottlenecks are going to slow that down, but it’s definitely not because the demand is slow. It’s really driven by the port congestion.
Steve Fasching: And then Janine, this is Steve. On the sheepskin, we are not seeing a material increase cost in sheepskin. And I think just one important note to also make is that, as Deckers becomes bigger and bigger and the UGG product is much more diversified and HOKA becomes a bigger product are dependence on sheepskin is a lot less than where it was historically. So, we’re moving away with the proportion of sheepskin, makeup of our COGS. But at this point, as we look out at next year, we are not seeing a material increase in our sheepskin costs.
Janine Stichter: Great. Thank you very much.
Dave Powers: You bet.
Operator: And our last question comes from Jay Sole from UBS. Please go ahead.
Jay Sole: Great. Thanks so much. My questions just about thinking about gross margins for next year, given the comments you just made about sheepskin. But given the pricing that you’re taking lapping air freight and some of the extra costs that have been in the P&L this year. Does it favorably change the way you’re thinking about margins for next year?
Dave Powers: On the normalized basis, No. It doesn’t. I think this year, we’re getting hit with some headwinds that should not reoccur in future, although, we don’t know the duration of this yet. So, I think that’s going to be a dependent factor that we don’t yet know. I would say, removing all the noise of the current year, we’re not thinking about margins different. So, in terms of product margins, really no change, where we have opportunity is increased proportion of our DTC business. And then I think we’ll see how the current situation plays out. And then when freight rates begin to normalize and I think we’ll then be in a better to provide some outlook next year.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And what sort of the team is don’t think of this as a short-term headwind, meaning the increased cost in the supply chain. This is here to stay. I think it’s going to be with us for, at least a year or two. It may never go back to normal levels due to wage increases, material increases, shipping cost. So, we are planning our business as though those new levels are going to remain. The good news is, if things improve next year, then we have opportunity. And we’re taking price increases to give us the margins that we need going forward, despite the cost increase. So that’s how we’re thinking about it. Again, we’re staying aggressive and if things start to ease up a bit on pricing, we’ll be in better shape. And that’s a combination of price increases that we’re taking and also having some carryover inventory at a lower margin. And then we’ll be spending less than air freight and other cost. And we can reinvest back into the business. It’s not all going fall to the bottom line. We’re focused on the long-term and investing in our key strategic growth priorities. And so that’s really priority number one, is talent, capabilities and awareness for our brands. And then we’ll manage through that.
Jay Sole: Got it. Okay. That’s super helpful. Thank you so much.
Dave Powers: Thanks.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session as well as the conference. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-07-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands First Quarter Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's safe harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding changes in consumer behavior, strength of our brands and demand for products; changes to our product allocation, segmentation and distribution strategies; changes to our marketing plans and strategies; changes to our capital allocation strategies; the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business; our anticipated revenues; brand performance; product mix; gross margins; expenses and liquidity position; and our potential repurchase of shares. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties and in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We are excited to discuss a strong start to fiscal year 2022 for our portfolio of category-leading brands. First quarter revenue increased 78% versus last year, to $505 million. Gross margin increased 130 basis points to 51.6%, and we delivered a profitable June ended quarter with earnings per share of $1.71. While unique marketplace dynamics contributed to this, we believe the growing influence of HOKA, with its more evenly spread seasonal volumes, will continue to drive our organization toward a more balanced business across quarters. Performance in the first quarter was driven by global wholesale growth of the UGG, HOKA and Teva brands, whose compelling products are continuing to build market share and overcome a disruption in the channel that began during the pandemic. The direct-to-consumer growth in HOKA, as the brand continues to build awareness through digital marketing, introduced innovative products and category disruptors that drive new consumer acquisition and deliver a consistent consumer experience for online replenishment. Additionally, our brands are benefiting from strategic marketplace management globally, which continues to drive high rates of full price selling across our entire portfolio of brands. This quarter represents further progress toward our long-term strategies, which include accelerating consumer adoption of the HOKA brand globally, to build the brand's revenue to $1 billion and beyond, building UGG as a year-round global lifestyle brand through a diverse product offering and executing a digital-first approach by prioritizing direct-to-consumer acquisition online and working towards a direct business that will represent 50% of total revenue for the company over time. While we remain firmly committed to these strategies over the long term, it is important to recognize certain aspects unique to fiscal 2022 related to lapping the pandemic, which is still having varying effects in different locations. Specific to the quarter just completed, we experienced higher wholesale shipment volumes as well as earlier shipments as compared to the prior year. The earlier shipments primarily relate to replenishment of depleted UGG wholesale account inventories that resulted from exceptionally high levels of sell-through during fiscal 2021. These earlier shipments for UGG, combined with strong demand for spring and summer products across our entire portfolio of brands, drove a significant increase in our wholesale business. Given the momentum of our brands and their respective market share opportunities, we are focused on meeting consumers where they want to shop to optimize growth in this less than certain marketplace, but remain committed to driving direct-to-consumer demand over the longer term. Steve will provide more detail around the unique dynamics we are anticipating for the balance of this year, later in the call. For now, I will share more detail around first quarter brand and channel level performance and some context for the remainder of fiscal 2022. Starting with the brand highlights. Global UGG first quarter revenue increased 71% versus last year to $213 million. Performance was driven by strength in domestic and international wholesale as the brand lapped disruption in last year's spring season and refilled depleted domestic inventory that resulted from record sell-through in the prior season. Growth of international DTC, as UGG benefited from localized marketing investments to reignite the brand in Europe and China, which was partially offset by softness in domestic DTC resulting from the decline of extraordinary slipper growth unique to last year's stay at home orders. The strength of Global UGG wholesale resulted from the brand's marketplace management strategies that left UGG with unusually lean inventories entering the year. This positioned UGG to accelerate some woodbefall shipments, helping avoid anticipated bottlenecks in the supply chain and providing the brand with an opportunity to meet in-store consumer demand. We saw this strategy play out effectively as online traffic for UGG was predictably lower than last year's exceptionally high levels, while sell-through at physical retail is strong. With a highly fluid consumer environment, we're managing our omnichannel business to ensure UGG has a meaningful presence with the brand's target consumers' intent to spend. However, we continue to closely manage our product allocation and segmentation strategies to ensure UGG maintains healthy levels of full price sell-through. UGG continues to see high levels of consumer demand as the brand maintained positive mind share with 18 to 34 year olds in the US. According to YouGov, brand consideration among women in this group remained roughly flat to last year's record highs. And among men, UGG brand consideration is at an all-time high. These new levels of consideration among men are leading to the growth of UGG Men's continuing to outpace that of the total brand. Helping to drive more consumer loving connection for the brand, UGG recently held its fifth annual PROUD Prom event in partnership with the Pacific Pride Foundation. This event is an inclusive opportunity for UGG to connect with local LGBTQIA Plus and allied-youth from Santa Barbara and surrounding coastal communities that celebrates identity and love. This year's event featured friends of the UGG brand that included musical artists, Lil Nas X and actress Hari Nef. Further on the brand building front, UGG has continued to engage with brands and designers to create powerful product collaborations that elevate the brand's fashion credibility and perception among consumers. In June, UGG teamed up with famed fashion designer, Telfar Clemens namesake brand, Telfar, to release the first of multiple product collaborations. The first product drop sold out on ugg.com in just a few hours, but more importantly, garnered positive press with the brand, which included features in leading fashion publications. We are excited to once again collaborate with this exciting designer as we unveiled the second UGG x Telfar product drop in September which will include more footwear and apparel items. From an international perspective, we have been pleased with the progress in Europe and Asia Pacific as the brand is building a younger audience through greater acceptance of the UGG brand's diverse product line. We are gaining confidence in the UGG brand's turnaround based on continued positive response from consumers in both regions. During the first quarter, DTC acquisition in Europe and the Asia Pacific region more than doubled pre-pandemic first quarter levels. And these new consumers are purchasing products such as fluff, sandals and sneakers. With the strong sell-through UGG is experiencing within wholesale accounts, growth in our international DTC business and an exciting spring product innovations to come, UGG is well positioned to continued progress in the spring and summer season next year. Looking ahead to the balance of this fiscal year, we expect UGG to continue experiencing elevated levels of global wholesale demand as we replenish domestic inventories and reignite the brand in Europe and China, maintain positive momentum with younger consumers around the world and work to convert a higher percentage of consumers to repeat purchases across categories, accelerate international DTC demand by showcasing the brand's diversified product offering through localized marketing tactics and mitigate pressures related to lapping heritage slipper demand in the US. Overall, we feel very positive about the UGG brand start to this year and the teams are working hard to acquire new and repeat consumers around the world with bold and exciting products that provide the luxurious feeling above. Moving to HOKA. Global revenue for the first quarter increased 95% versus last year to $213 million. This quarter represented a significant milestone for Deckers and HOKA as the brand's revenue slightly surpassed that of UGG for the first time in the company's history. As has become standard for HOKA, growth was balanced across the brand's ecosystem of access points with all regions and channels of distribution experiencing impressive growth. HOKA continues to build its consumer base through a combination of disruptive product innovation, emotionally connected inclusive marketing and a consistent consumer experience based on the premium quality of the brand's products and distribution partners. Helping to drive the HOKA growth during the quarter, the brand launched an update to its flagship Clifton franchise with the introduction of the Clifton 8. This eighth-generation Clifton features the brand's all-new innovative ultralight midsole foam, which is designed to offer maximum cushion with an energetic response to each step. Consumers have enthusiastically embraced this franchise update, making the Clifton 8 a top 5 style for hoka.com despite only launching in June. Search interest for HOKA in the US continues to expand as the brand experienced a 69% increase versus last year's first quarter according to Google Trends. The Clifton 8 launch helped boost traffic to hoka.com during the quarter. And on top of that, HOKA continues to build awareness with new consumers through targeted digital marketing. During Q1, 72% of online traffic was from consumers who had not previously shopped on the HOKA website. We have been encouraged by the loyalty of consumers who buy HOKA online. During Q1, the number of consumers who purchased HOKA 2 more times increased 46% versus the prior year. Through these repeat purchases, HOKA is expanding closet share with existing consumers as the brand is seeing adoption across multiple categories. To help achieve this goal, the HOKA team is building innovative products in trail, hike and fitness categories. At the beginning of July, HOKA launched a brand-new hiking silhouette known as the Anacapa, which is available in low and mid height. We are excited about the launch of this franchise, which is intended to build market share in the hiking category and attract new consumers to the HOKA brand. This hiking boot features recycled materials, waterproof construction and a Vibram Megagrip outsole, but most importantly, is built with lightweight HOKA technology to feel like a sneaker. Coinciding with Anacapa launch, HOKA has teamed up with non-profit organization Soltrack, to encourage outdoor exploration by participating in the HOKA x Soul Trak Hike Challenge on the Strava application. While virtual consumer touch points like the Strava challenge have been great avenues to connect with consumers globally. We have been excited about the return of in-person events over the last few months. In June, HOKA was a title sponsor of the Western States Endurance Run, which is the world's oldest 100-mile trail race. This event was the first trail ultramarathon to be covered by our live stream telecast with over 30 hours of coverage from start to finish. Congratulations to HOKA Athlete, Jim Walmsley, who are the brand’s EVO Speedgoat trail shoe and adventure bucket hat to win the Western States event for the third consecutive year. The HOKA team's approach to product, marketing and distribution has been highly effective in building consumer awareness and an affinity for the brand. With the brand rooted in performance running, we continue to see higher awareness among those consumers, but recently, the growth of total consumers aware of HOKA has outpaced increases in awareness among runners, according to our proprietary HOKA brand tracking data. We view this as an important positive step in the evolution of HOKA and expanding the brand's addressable audience. For the balance of this year, we anticipate HOKA growth will continue at an impressive rate. They were lower than the quarter just experienced, driven by new consumer acquisition, as the brand expands global awareness, including a key market focus in Germany, the U.K. and China, innovative product updates and increased category adoption from consumers, market share gains with wholesale partners across the globe, greater global brand presence through in-person event sponsorship and higher frequency product drops to maintain excitement with loyal consumers. As we continue to scale HOKA, we are building the right team for the brand's long-term future success. As you may have seen in the press release not long ago, the brand has hired two key footwear design and apparel team members, intended to enhance the evolution of HOKA over the next three to five years. Shifting to Teva. Global revenue in the first quarter increased 66% versus last year to $58 million. What is truly impressive about the standout quarter from Teva is the brand's growth in both fashion with its heritage Universal franchise and function with a more rugged Hurricane franchise. Strength in the Hurricane franchise, we feel, has been driven by the brand's roots in the Grand Canyon, as national parks have seen record attendance this year. From a DTC perspective, Teva delivered solid growth on top of last year's extraordinary increase. As compared to last year's first quarter where Teva more than doubled consumer acquisition, the brand maintained a similar number of acquired consumers this year, increased retained consumers by 41% and saw a 10% increase in average order value among online purchasers. Additionally, growth of 18 to 34-year-old consumers continue to outpace total consumer growth, leading to younger consumers, maintaining the largest mix among all age groups for Teva. For the balance of this year, Teva is expected to build market share with closed to products such as the brand's Ember franchise and increased DTC consumer acquisition and continue to grow the already high percentage of loyalty among 18 to 34-year-olds. With respect to channel performance in Q1, global wholesale revenue increased 140%, as compared to last year. Wholesale growth was unique this quarter, as a result of disruption in the channel last year, refilling domestic UGG inventories that were depleted from record product sell-through and shipping UGG products earlier than in prior years in order to mitigate macro supply chain pressures. As a result, UGG wholesale is up significantly relative to the past couple of years. HOKA also experienced meaningful growth as the brand is building market share and benefiting from the Clifton 8 launch. From a direct-to-consumer standpoint, global revenue increased 15% versus last year's first quarter. HOKA drove the majority of DTC growth as the UGG brand was pressured by exceptional demand last year that resulted from the stay at home orders benefiting online sales in the slipper category. Because of the pandemic disruption of both owned and wholesale physical retail locations last year, we experienced a significant increase in DTC mix during the first quarter of fiscal year 2021. Given physical store reopenings and shifting consumer shopping patterns, we saw a decline of DTC penetration this quarter as compared to last year but have been pleased to maintain DTC mix above pre-pandemic levels. Longer term, our focus remains on building DTC towards representing approximately 50% of our total business. Before I hand off the call to Steve, I wanted to take a moment to highlight some of our brand's recent activities on the sustainability, ESG and DEI fronts, which we believe are having a positive impact on consumers' passion for our brands and the culture at the company. Over the past few months, our Deckers Gives program provided meaningful donations as nominated by our employees and community to 10 non-profit organizations championing racial and social justice. We have improved the diversity of hiring with 49% of new hires over the past year coming from by park communities. HOKA received the 2020 Vendor Partner of the Year Award from REI in recognition of the brand's performance and commitment to doing business in the right way, and our employees are close to finishing our first ever plastic-free July competition, which aims to reduce the abuse of single-use plastics. Here at Deckers, we have a philosophy known as Do Good and Do Great, which is a core value that drives and inspires our company and our people to make a positive impact. Our progress in the ESG and DDI space exemplifies this philosophy and our journey continues. With that, I'll hand the call over to Steve to provide further details on our first quarter financial results as well as our updated outlook on fiscal year 2022. Steve?
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave just covered, fiscal 2022 is off to a great start, and we are proud to have delivered our most profitable first quarter ever. Our long-term strategies continue to serve us well. We are in an advantageous position with two of the most in-demand brands in the footwear space and considerable opportunity ahead for our brands. While our strategies have helped propel performance, we recognize the existence of unique circumstances that have, in some cases, benefited results and in others put pressure on our brands. Through it all, we remain confident in the strength of our brands our solid operating foundation and ability to remain flexible and nimble in a dynamic marketplace. First quarter fiscal 2022 revenue came in at $505 million, representing an increase of 78% versus the prior year. Performance in the quarter aligns with our setup for the year and discussed on our last earnings call, with shipping more products earlier this year as we look to mitigate exposure to supply chain challenges and get product into the marketplace. Q1 growth versus the prior year was driven by the HOKA, UGG and Teva brands. And for the first time, HOKA contributed the largest share of revenue in a quarter at $213 million, an increase of 95%. UGG increased 71% over the prior year to $213 million with global wholesale and international DTC growth offsetting a difficult domestic DTC comparison. And Teva increased 66% over the prior year to $58 million based on the strength of domestic wholesale. Across our entire portfolio of brands, HOKA was the primary driver of growth, increasing 140% over last year, in part due to unique marketplace dynamics which include lapping disruption in the channel last year, refilling depleted channel inventories for the domestic UGG accounts and shipping UGG product earlier than in the prior year to mitigate ongoing macro supply chain pressure and ensure we have product well positioned in the marketplace. Irrespective of these unique dynamics specific to the pandemic, our brands are resonating well with consumers, and we are aggressively pursuing market share where we see opportunity. Gross margins for the quarter were up 130 basis points over last year to 51.6%. The increase was related to favorable brand and product mix as HOKA increased as a percentage of the total company and UGG benefited from earlier HOKA shipments of fall product. A reduction in reserves related to uncertainty in the prior year and favorable foreign currency exchange rates with offsets from channel mix and greater utilization of air freight. SG&A dollar spend for the quarter was $199 million, up 32% from last year's $150 million. Higher spend was primarily driven by increased compensation related to higher warehouse wages, including hazard pay, onboarding additional talent to scale the organization and long-term incentive performance compensation, reflecting noncash expense. Also, increased marketing to maintain momentum in our brands and reignite international markets for the UGG brand, increased variable warehouse logistics and IT costs with savings related to a reduction in bad debt. Our tax rate for the quarter was 21.9%, which compares to 1.2% benefit on last year's pretax loss. This all resulted in diluted earnings per share of $1.71 for the quarter, which compares to a basic loss per share of $0.28 in Q1 of fiscal year '21. The nearly $2 increase as compared to last year was driven by revenue growth in HOKA, UGG and Teva, and related favorable mix of brand and product. SG&A leverage as revenue growth exceeded expense growth with offsets from channel mix favoring wholesale and taxes on net income this year as compared to last year's loss. Turning to our balance sheet at June 30, 2021. We ended June with $957 million of cash and equivalents. Inventory was $458 million, up 5% from $435 million at the same time last year, and we had no outstanding borrowings. During the first quarter, we repurchased approximately $82 million worth of shares at an average price of $329.55. As of June 30, 2021, the company had $728 million remaining under its stock repurchase authorization. Moving to our outlook, for fiscal year 2022, we are raising our guidance to reflect further strength in the HOKA and Teva brands and adjusting our gross margin and operating expense assumptions based on the latest available information. For the full fiscal year 2022, we now expect a year-over-year top line growth of 18% to 20%, resulting in revenue in the range of $3.01 billion to $3.06 billion, with HOKA increasing its growth rate over last year to be in the 50% range crossing the $850 million milestone. UGG still growing in the high single-digit to low double-digit range. Teva now growing in the high teens range. Koolaburra is still growing in the low double-digit range and Sanuk is still expected to be approximately flat to last year. Gross margin is now expected to be slightly below 53%, which is lower than our prior guidance due to pressures from increasing costs related to ocean containers and greater utilization of air freight. SG&A is now expected to be approximately 35% of revenue, reflecting a similar dollar spend as reflected in our prior guidance on increased revenue estimates. Similar to commentary from our year-end call, we expect SG&A spend to ramp throughout the year. The lowered ratio of spend to revenue is related to expected delays in the pace of hiring as the labor market remains highly competitive and more efficient variable marketing spend fueling demand for our brands. We anticipate these adjustments will help offset higher-than-expected logistics costs that are pressuring gross margins, allowing us to maintain prior operating margin guidance of 17.5% to 18%. We still expect a tax rate of approximately 23%. With these updates and the share repurchase executed in the first quarter, we are raising our earnings per share guidance for fiscal year 2022 to now be in the range of $14.45 to $15.10. As a reminder, during this fiscal year, we are thoughtfully investing to create the long-term future and success of Deckers. These foundational strategic investments include adding logistics capacity with another distribution center in the US and larger facilities internationally; enhancing consumer experience on our e-commerce platform with increased personalization capabilities; improving planning and data analytics with new tools to optimize logistics efficiencies and data insights; seating HOKA and reigniting UGG brand heat in China through localized investments; and bringing in new talent across the organization as we scale, enabling emerging opportunities with added capabilities. And while disruption in the supply chain persists across the industry, we are working hard to mitigate impacts on our brands, including working with factories to prioritize certain products to ensure timely marketplace entry, planning greater DC bypass and collaborating with wholesale partners to get product onto shelves more quickly, utilizing air freight where necessary to maintain strategic product launches and optimizing distribution center workflow to support peak season DTC shipments. While we have tried to incorporate what we know at this point, our full year guidance does not anticipate any further significant supply chain disruption, excludes any charges that may be considered onetime in nature and does not contemplate any impact from additional share repurchases. Our teams have a great handle on what is under our control and will remain nimble to react to this dynamic environment. Our brands are well positioned to deliver another fantastic year, despite these challenging circumstances. And I’d like to thank our employees for their tremendous work and dedication to delivering consistently exceptional results. I'm excited for what lies ahead as we evolve our brands and business model to create the future of Deckers. Thanks, everyone, and I'll now hand the call back to Dave for his final remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Steve. As we just covered, fiscal 2022 is off to a great start, and we are pleased with the result we have delivered despite their macro challenges. We are especially excited about the expanded consumer adoption we are seeing across brands, gender and categories within our entire portfolio. There is a high degree of confidence in our organization about the strong demand our brands are experiencing and our teams are working hard to minimize any macro pandemic-related challenges that persist in the current environment. We are focused on our long-term strategies to increase consumer awareness and adoption of the HOKA brand to build a multibillion-dollar global performance brand over time, enhance the year-round adoption of UGG as a global lifestyle brand with broad acceptance of the brand's diverse product offering, and driving consumers to our online ecosystem to increase our DTC mix to 5 0% of total company revenues over time. We are actively building our workforce and making other key investments in the business to support these strategies now and for the future. Thank you to all of our stakeholders for your continued support. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jay Sole from UBS. Please go ahead. 
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much. I just want to ask if you can elaborate a little bit on the growth with HOKA. Can you just talk about within the North America market, how much of the growth has been with new products? How much has been the existing products? How much is new doors? How much is just comp in the existing doors, particularly in the wholesale channel? And can you give us a sense of sort of what your expectation was for HOKA growth in Q1 versus where it shook out and sort of how do you see it playing out by quarter over the rest of the year? Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yes. Thanks, Jay. I appreciate the question. Obviously, HOKA is on quite a tear. And the good news is that, it is absent really any increased distribution. So, we're continuing to sell in the very strategic accounts that we've been in. The only place we're really expanding a little bit is a few more doors and DICK'S going to 40 doors in DICK'S. And then in Nordstroms, we're about 25 doors, but not expected to go until more until the spring. So, the growth that you experienced in the past quarter was driven largely by our DTC business and existing distribution. At the same time, the majority of the business that we're seeing is in core franchise styles such as Bondi and Clifton, but we're starting to see more adoption in for other categories as we talked about in trail and hike. The launch of Anacapa hiking boot has been received extremely well also. So it's broad-based growth across both channels, across franchise styles and extended into new categories. And the demand is just continuing to be super strong. And the awareness of the brand amongst runners is still in the mid-20% and even lower across all consumers. So, what we find is when people hear about the brand and they try it, they're hooked and they're in. So our job now is just continued to increase awareness and adoption of the brand in the existing distribution plan globally. So, we're super excited about how things are continuing to perform. The performance in the quarter, it was in line, but a little bit better than expected, hence the way for the rest of the year. And we're continuing to focus and drive that momentum and continue to reinvest marketing dollars to keep it going.
Steve Fasching: Yes. And Jay, this is Steve. Just to add on to that. The -- so the improvement in revenue guidance that we're now flowing through for the full year outlook, the majority of that increase is coming from the better-than-expected results of HOKA in Q1. And I think as you think about the balance of the year, as we compare against bigger quarters last year, the percentage increase in growth is expected to reduce. Overall, we're still growing significantly with HOKA, but we're going to start lapping bigger quarters against last year. So that percentage growth may decrease. And the nice thing about HOKA is, it's a nice balanced year, right? There isn't the seasonality that we have seen, say, with the UGG brand. So, as you think about HOKA continued growth, a little bit less on percentage terms and a nice balanced year.
Jay Sole: Got it. Thank you so much.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Jay.
Operator: The next question comes from John Kernan from Cowen. Please go ahead.
John Kernan: Yes, excellent. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on a great start to the fiscal year.
Dave Powers: Thanks, John.
John Kernan: You’ve talked about HOKA obviously being, I think, $50 million of the $60 million increase in guidance for revenue, but UGG had a phenomenal quarter in the first quarter. Can you talk to the dynamics of UGG that's embedded in the guidance for the rest of the year?
Dave Powers: Yes, sure. I'll take a crack at it first. So I think, it goes back to what we said on the last earnings call, which was, we were going to shift UGG shipments earlier in the year. And part of the reason we haven't given quarterly guidance, is because we weren't certain of the timing of that. But I think as indicated in Q1, we have been able to ship more in Q1. So that's what's driven significant growth with the HOKA brand, but also within the wholesale channel. And just as a reminder there, the intent there was to get more product out into the marketplace, because we saw disruption within the supply chain. So this was a strategic move on our part to work with wholesale customers to take product earlier than they traditionally do. And this is for UGG, right? This is what's really driving the UGG growth, to your question. So it's atypical in the sense of we're moving more product in Q1 in anticipation of mitigating supply chain disruption. We've been able to move more, but it also aligns with what we said again on the last earnings call, which was, the growth of the UGG brand was really going to occur in the first half, as we were shipping and anticipate shipping in the first half, product that we typically have shipped on a wholesale account basis in Q3. And so that's what's driving the very strong UGG result in Q1. Again, it's not necessarily that we're doing more at this stage, it's more about anticipating supply chain disruption and trying to get more product out into the marketplace to mitigate [Indiscernible]. But it also then allows us to focus on fulfillment of DTC as we get into that [Indiscernible]. So that's kind of the strategy and the growth behind UGG that you're seeing in Q1.
John Kernan: Understood. I don't think that's my line, but one more for me. You talked about DTC going to 50% longer term of the business. We can see from the model that's direct-to-consumer from a contribution margin or segment margin, you want to look at it, up 700 basis points over the last two years, and it's now exceeds wholesale in terms of overall margin. How should we think about the profitability of DTC versus wholesale as the scale towards 50%?
Steve Fasching: Yes. We haven't given specifics on profitability other than to say our e-commerce channel is our most profitable segment, and hence, our significant emphasis on growing that part of the business and is the big driver of the total DTC growth to get to 50%. So again, we haven't given specifics on that per se in terms of profitability, but it is our most profitable channel and why we are intently focused on driving that proportion DTC as a total of sales to 50%.
John Kernan: That’s great. Thank you.
Dave Powers: Thanks, John.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Duffy from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jim Duffy: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to start asking about UGG and some of the seasonal and comparison influence. With the wholesale business, is there a possibility we're going to see similar pull forward from the fiscal third quarter, the fiscal second quarter or with more product now in the marketplace, should we not think about that as an influence? And then I'm also curious, the difficult comparison influence on DTC. Will that continue into the fiscal second quarter and fiscal third quarter?
Steve Fasching: Yes. So Jim, I'll take a stab at first and Dav, feel free to jump in here. I think the HOKA dynamic is a little bit different than UGG. So with UGG, because of the seasonality of the business, it was easy to identify what we traditionally sell-in in Q3 and especially from a wholesale account and how we could identify and strategically move up some of those shipments. With HOKA, what we're seeing is we're shipping to wholesale, but we're also seeing demand increase. And so that's where you're seeing the outperformance and the carry-through and the outperformance to our full year outlook. So there it's about really the success of HOKA driving kind of additional sales that we're seeing in the quarter. What we're more aligned, I would say, in terms of kind of a traditional cadence as it relates to wholesale accounts for HOKA, there, it's about just getting inventory in to accommodate our wholesale dates, as well as some of the launch dates and that is where we are seeing some pressure and looking to expedite and use some of that air freight. So there, it's a little bit about less pull forward, and it's more about seeing increased demand and how we meet that increased demand in the marketplace and bring product in, in an expedited manner to match that demand. And so that's where HOKA is a little bit different than UGG and a little bit more challenged in the sense of how much more can we do given constraints and disruption in the supply chain and how we then work around that with expedited freight. So it's not so much about a pull forward, but it's more about increasing demand and meeting that increased demand.
Jim Duffy: Okay. Related to that, before we get into the DTC comparison dynamic, Steve, the gross margin guidance change pencils to about $20 million. Is that all air freight? Is that how we should think of it?
Steve Fasching: Yes. The large, large majority. So yes, I think the way you're thinking about it is about right in terms of what we anticipate, I would say, not just airfreight, but kind of all additional costs associated with trying to get inventory in sooner. So it's not solely all air freight, but air freight is a big component of that. We're also seeing increase in other costs related to trying to expedite shipping.
Jim Duffy: Okay. And then the DTC comparisons? Sorry, I know this is stretched to be more than 1 question. It was – it started as one, I promise. The DTC comparisons with strong slipper sales and so forth. Is that a dynamic you expect will challenge progress in the DTC business in fiscal 2Q, 3Q, or are you kind of through that now, given?
Dave Powers: Yes. Yes. I think it's to call the ball on that right now at this point, Jim. We did see a little bit of that challenge in lapping last year's stay at home orders because of primarily the slipper growth that we saw. I think you're going to still see some more challenges, more so on the UGG side of DTC as wholesale opens up versus last year. But our philosophy is at this point is, we want to be ready in all channels to wherever the consumer wants to shop. And so, we're making sure that we're getting our wholesale inventory levels in line. We're prepared on DTC, both in stores and e-commerce globally. And it's still a very uncertain environment. So, if there are further lockdown orders or the Delta variant takes on a whole new life, we're going to be ready no matter where the consumer has to shop. But we're confident that we'll be ready to meet the demand across all those channels. So you'll probably still see a little bit more pressure on DTC in the short term. But longer term, we think we'll get back to a normal mix and a more increased growth in DTC over time.
Jim Duffy: Thank you so much guys.
Dave Powers: Thanks Jim.
Operator: The next question comes from Sam Poser from Williams Trading. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser: Thank you for taking my question. So I'm just going to ask this. Could you give us what the DTC revenue was by brand for the quarter or the wholesale revenue by brand for the quarter, either way you want to do it?
Erinn Kohler: Hi Sam, I'll take that one. So by brand, this will be global wholesale, including distributor. So for the total wholesale channel for UGG in the quarter, that was $135 million, for HOKA in the quarter, $151 million; Teva, $43 million; Sanuk $10 million; and other brands $4 million.
Sam Poser: Thank you very much. And then 2 other questions real quick. How do you view just the clean merchandise margins? What do they look like? What are you doing with pricing of products? And then do you have any thoughts on M&A, Dave? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yes. The first 1 is on margins and pricing. So as you know, we have a very tight and clean distribution for our -- all of our brands in wholesale, and we're maintaining high levels of full price sell-through. As far as price increases go, we haven't had dramatic price increases this year. The product is on the water, if not already in the DC and in the accounts. The margins of the product, the tier is considered in the guidance going forward with a little bit of hedging for some of the supply chain disruptions. But we're pretty confident in the sell-through of the margin that we're going to have this year. Next year, we are looking at some price increases across the Board on a global level across all brands, it's an exercise. The management team is going to be going through the next couple of months to mitigate some of the potential expense increases that are coming down the pipe and the supply chain. So this year, no price increases, steady, healthy margins is how we're looking at the business. We don't see any real reason to think differently about that. It's more about continuing high premium sell-through and distribution of the brands. From an M&A perspective, we've talked about this before. It's not a major priority for us. We are continuing to have conversations as we have had in the last three to five years. We're not looking at a major acquisition that's going to dramatically change the shape of the organization. We feel we have so much organic growth amongst our marquee brands now, both across footwear, geography, channel and then ultimately with apparel. So we want to make sure we're not taking our eye off the ball, particularly in UGG and HOKA. But at the same time, we are interested in smaller brands, whether they're footwear or apparel that could provide healthy growth in the out years, three to five years from now. It's something that we can incubate, such as we've done with HOKA over the last nine or 10 years. And we feel right now, if we were going to do anything, it would be in that space, a smaller brand, but not a major priority. We're just continuing to have conversations and evaluate what's out there.
Sam Poser: Thanks very much. Continue the success.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Camilo Lyon from BTIG. Please go ahead.
Camilo Lyon: Hi, everyone. Thank you. Dave, I was wondering if, given the consumer data that you're tracking and the work that you do on your own consumers that have come to your channel, have you seen those customers that were new to the brand last year that probably came through and bought slippers, come back this year and buy a different type of footwear products? Have you seen any sort of retention that's come back to the brand?
Dave Powers: Yes, we're definitely seeing that, Camilo. What we talked about in the last couple of quarters is, we're bringing in a younger, more diverse consumer and this is for all of our brands. And then we are seeing more repeat purchases. So the trend that we talked about last year around this time in Q2, where people were coming to the brand and buying traditionally a classic, they're now coming in and buying a fluff or a different category of product for the first time. And then they are coming back, particularly with the fluff franchise we've talked about, there's a lot of newness. There's a lot of excitement. There’s a lot of innovation. And as we expand that franchise to be more of a sandal than a slipper, we're starting to get increased purchases that way as well. We're also seeing really strong results from our loyalty program, and that's driving a significant amount of our sales and repeat purchases. So a lot of our repeat purchases are loyalty members. So what's great is we get these new consumers in, we get them signed up in our loyalty program and then we can cultivate new opportunities across a diverse category offering. So this is a big change from where we've been in previous years, where we now have exciting, compelling product in -- beyond core classics in slippers and sandals and sneakers in rain boots, in fashion winter boots. And we're starting to see those categories really resonate, which is great. And as you know, that's a key strategy of ours is diversify. And then obviously, some strong adoption that we're starting to see with apparel. So what gets me really excited about the UGG momentum right now is that it's broad-based. It's across genders, it's across categories, it's global. And we think that there's a lot more opportunity down the road to continue down some of these new categories and build more of a year-round business.
Camilo Lyon: Okay. That's good to hear. Thank you for that color. If I could just ask just one more. I think Steve, you addressed this a little bit, but I want to kind of try and pin down and see if you can give us some sort of quantitative benchmarks to help understand the dynamics around slippers. If you could help us understand the pre-pandemic mix of slippers in this quarter relative to what it was last year and what it went down to this year. And maybe help us understand how that will modulate into the next quarter. So just really trying to understand the depth of the comparison that we're facing as we transition into the fall season into a more normalized shopping behavior pattern relative to where we were last year at this time?
Steve Fasching: Yes, sure, Camilo. And I can give you probably more high level overview rather than specific numbers because it's -- we're dealing with 2 unusual years here. So going back a year ago, right, with the pandemic kind of really taking effect as people were working from home, we saw a very significant increase in terms of the slipper business. And that was largely, again, from a channel basis then driven through our DTC business. So we saw considerable growth with the UGG slipper business. We are comping that growth, but it's also changing because of this dynamic where we're shipping more product early this year. So, it's not a true apples-to-apples comparison. What we can say is that, we're continuing to see growth. Part of that growth is this year that we've shipped some of that product earlier. And so, I think we need to see how the next few quarters play out in terms of that growth. The encouraging news is, it's still a growing category for us, even on top of last year's exceptional growth. But we are shipping some of that product earlier. And so, we'll see some of the growth moderate in future quarters, and we'll have a better read on it as we get through the season. But we're still encouraged by growth that we're seeing in that category.
Dave Powers: Yes -- HOKA franchise is the number 1 style in for the quarter, similar to last year. So still seeing that strong reaction there, a little bit of growth in that style versus last year. But obviously, a very compelling program that we're going to continue to build on and there's still strong demand for it.
Camilo Lyon: Got it. So that's encouraging to hear that. Slippers was part of that big replenishment that you had in this quarter. Is there a way to quantify what the total replenishment was to this quarter, if we separate out just generically spring product sell-through versus reflection? What does that add to the product?
Steve Fasching: Yes. We don't -- there isn't a specific number to speak to yet in terms of replenishment because it will be dependent on kind of future sell-through too. So, we can't peg to a number at this stage. I would say stay tuned on that. What we are saying though is that the growth, as I mentioned on one of the previous questions that you're seeing in the UGG growth in the quarter, a good component of that is building inventory in the wholesale channel. So clearly, the replenishment will be dependent on what sells through of that. And so that's where we need the next couple of quarters because we are shipping and did ship in Q1 some fall product, right? And this is all to mitigate some of the disruption that we're seeing with supply chain. So don't have a specific number at this stage other than to say, the growth that you're seeing in UGG wholesale in Q1 is really our strategy of getting more product out early to replenish inventory in the wholesale channel, which we've done. We are seeing good sell-through, but some of that product is there rebuilding inventory and then we'll see as we get through the next couple of quarters of how much of that rebuilt inventory versus how much of that sold through. And then we'll be in a better position to say how much is replenishment.
Camilo Lyon: Very great color. One last one, if I could. Given that it's becoming pretty well known, I think even by consumers that inventories are fairly lean and if you see something may you want and you should probably buy it. Are you seeing that materialize in earlier purchases of fall products?
Dave Powers: I wouldn't say that's necessarily happening just yet. What we're selling is a good healthy mix of spring and summer in fashion, classics and particularly in slippers and the new mill. If we're seeing it anywhere, it's probably in the new mill and the Classic Mini versus previous years, but we're not seeing a lot of early shopping based on inventory. We've been able to maintain a good healthy mix of inventory, the wholesale channels are getting fulfilled again and sell-through is healthy. But I wouldn't say we're necessarily seeing people shop early because they're afraid of not being able to get it.
Camilo Lyon: Got it. Thanks a lot guys and good luck.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Komp from Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Yes. Thank you. I want to ask about HOKA. Steve, maybe first, just when you think about seasonally for HOKA, typically, it looks like the first quarter is among the lowest in terms of the sales by quarter throughout the year. It doesn't look like that's the way you're planning or at least embedded in the guide. So any additional color kind of seasonally how we should think about HOKA and any constraints to growth, if there are any? And then, Dave, when you think about the view to a multi-brand, multibillion-dollar brand opportunity, could you share a little bit more just what that looks like when you think about geography, channel, product? Any sort of color you can on the mix in those areas?
Steve Fasching: Sure, John. So I'll go first and talk a little bit about HOKA. So you're right. I think traditionally, we've seen Q1 be smaller. That is why you're seeing higher percentage growth currently. So as we see it become a more seasonally balanced brand, that's why you're seeing higher levels of growth in what have traditionally been or historically been smaller dollar a quarter. So with the higher percentage, they're catching up to some of the bigger quarters. In terms of constraints, right now, it's not demand, it's product and getting product in quick enough to fulfill demand. There is demand out there for HOKA, and we're just trying to meet that demand in a constrained environment. And so again, to one of the earlier questions where I was talking about airfreight, HOKA is a brand that we're looking to expedite freight to get it in to meet the demand. So we've gotten a few questions in terms of HOKA, how we clearly, it is a big grower. It's growing very rapidly. The challenge is more just us getting products made into the market. The sell-through is incredible. Pricing is very clean, sell-through is great. We're building the smaller quarters. And so here, the challenge really is just getting inventory in and getting it in time to meet the demand in the marketplace. And in some cases, that's where we're seeing some pressure with the brand. So overall, very healthy, growing incredibly well. We're very pleased with the progress that we're making, and we're just trying to keep up with the growth that we're seeing out there.
Dave Powers: Jon, can you remind -- repeating the question you had about multi-brand?
Jonathan Komp: Yes, yes. I misspoke. The multibillion-dollar opportunity you see for the HOKA brand, Dave, could you just talk about any broad strokes how you view that playing out by channel or geography or even product category? Just trying to conceptualize how you're thinking about the opportunity for HOKA?
Dave Powers: Yes. I think, we think we can surpass the $1 billion milestone with current distribution and current category mix, so heavy on road and trail running, still primarily is our drivers of revenue and growth. So the Bondi Clifton franchises, as an example. Longer term, on a multibillion-dollar opportunity, continuing to take market share from our competitors globally in core run, really expanded outdoor hike business. REI is a great example of the potential there. We're starting to see traction beyond that and stealing market share there as well. From a channel mix -- sorry, to finish also the -- there is also a significant lifestyle opportunity for us, and we're starting to see product in there in that category and seeing success there early on. And I think you'll see spring 2022 and fall 2023, some really compelling crossover styles that are still rooted in performance, but have a broader wearing appeal for consumers. Ultimately, there is an apparel opportunity that we're incubating. As you saw, we brought in a new head it design for apparel, so we're getting serious about that. Broad-based will probably be larger international in the U.S. over time. But that is going to be driven by a healthy mix, probably 50% of DTC and 50% wholesale again and just continuing to increase the breadth of the line and increasing reach, in particular, places like Europe and Asia Pacific with a big focus on China on top of the continued growth in North America.
Jonathan Komp: That’s great. I appreciate all the color. Thank you.
Dave Powers: You bet. 
Operator: The next question comes from Janine Stichter from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Janine Stichter: Hi. Thanks so much for taking my question. I want to ask about the SG&A. I think you said you're looking at dollars similar to how you had previously planned it, but with the better sales. So can you help us just think about the relationship of fixed versus variable in the model? And then, it sounds like maybe there are some areas where you would ramp SG&A more if you could, maybe speak to those areas and what your optimal level of spend would be?
Steve Fasching: Sure, Janine, I'll take that. So I think what we're seeing and what we spoke to on the last earnings call is a commitment to increasing. So again, last year, I think as everyone acknowledged, it was a unique year in the sense that we saw an acceleration of revenue, and we weren't keeping pace necessarily with investments in a year of uncertainty. And so, we've approached this year much more around building capabilities in infrastructure and marketing for brand awareness, as we now look to continue to grow the organization and grow our brands. And so, you are seeing a step-up and a step up as a percentage of sales. As we've currently guided in that, approximately 35% of revenue, that's a good -- it's a good point to be, we think, for the current year. What we do and are also doing is increasing our variable component of that. And so, with that, we're being very tight in terms of management on fixed costs, which is allowing us to create more variable spend, specifically around marketing and global marketing to build brand awareness. So as we're seeing tremendous growth with these brands, fueling that with marketing to drive brand awareness. At the same time, we are leveraging our fixed costs, which is what you're -- what we're seeing in an overall picture, again, ignoring what happened last year to build that profile. And so, we're very comfortable with that. We like the profile of what we've got in the current guidance that gives us that flexibility. What we are seeing to that and what we've flowed through currently is, we're seeing some challenges with hiring and getting people when we thought. And so, that is some of the reduction that you're seeing in the current SG&A guide versus the prior SG&A guide. That will be something that may change slightly in the future as we're trying to build talent in the organization to support the level of growth that we see in the coming years. So overall, comfortable with what we're guiding this year, more variable to drive marketing globally and brand awareness globally, leveraging on the fixed cost, but also recognizing we're probably a little bit behind where we thought we would be a quarter ago and that's giving us a little bit of leverage in the current year.
Dave Powers: Yes. And I would just add -- sorry, Janine, I'll just add to that, that we're having ongoing conversations about how we're tracking with hiring. As Steve said, that's a little bit more challenging in this environment than we anticipated. So anywhere that we have money that is not being spent on potentially freed up, we're doing our work to reallocate that to marketing dollars to drive the brand -- all brands going forward and also international growth so we can turn these markets around at a faster pace.
Janine Stichter: Great. I know it's very hard to look out on a multiyear basis now, but you're very much in brand-building mode, especially for HOKA, but is -- do you think the level of marketing spend that you're at now, is that optimal, or could we see that kind of start to moderate as the brand awareness starts to grow?
Dave Powers: I think it's a very healthy rate right now for HOKA. The athletic sector tends to have higher rates of marketing with athletes and events and everything else. So it's working for us. We're continuing to drive it. I don't see us reducing that anytime soon. If we have an opportunity to ramp it up even more so, we probably will because we want to stay super aggressive and competitive here. On the UGG side, we have been increasing the rate of spend over the last 3 years to very healthy and comparable to some of our peer groups. And we're going to continue raising that. But I think right now, we're in a very good spot where we have a lot of flexibility and agility with how we spend our money, where we spend our money by brand, region, channel and type, and we're constantly having conversations with our brand leaders and commercial teams on how we can optimize that. So marketing is a big lever for us. In this environment, we're competitive. We want to stay aggressive and we're going to put as much marketing dollars into play as we can, making sure that we also are building our infrastructure to support the growth that we're driving.
Janine Stichter: Thank you. Thanks for all the color.
Dave Powers: You bet.
Operator: And our last question comes from Mitch Kummetz from Pivotal Research. Please go ahead.
Mitch Kummetz: Yes, thanks for taking my questions. Steve, on the earlier shipping that you talked a lot about, can you quantify the impact that, that had in the quarter? Your sales were up $228 million. I think you said earnings up nearly $2 from a year ago. Can you parse out the impact on those 2 numbers from the earlier shipping? And then I have a follow-up on UGG?
Steve Fasching: Yes. So Mitch, it's a good question. And we haven't given quarterly guidance. So, what we're saying, and it's probably best viewed through the lens of the change in the annual guidance that we've given. So with increasing revenue, $60 million, what we're saying is what we've achieved, and again, this is largely through HOKA and Teva. That is better performance than what we expected. And that's where we're flowing through it on the year. In terms of UGG, what we're saying is that's largely us adhering to the strategy that we set out at the beginning of the year, which is ship as much as we can, as early as we can. And so that's why you're not necessarily seeing the change in the UGG full year outlook at this stage. So I think in terms of the -- when you look at the change in Q1, we are shipping a lot more than what we historically do. That's not necessarily more business. Some of it is as demonstrated by the performance of HOKA and Teva. The UGG aspect is really more around the strategy of shipping more product early to replenish depleted inventories and set ourselves up for a successful fall season. That's what we're doing, and that's really what you're seeing in the numbers. Because of that outsized revenue increase and largely timing on the UGG side, it's driving a significant profit in the quarter, right? Some of that is getting passed through. But again, not all of it is over performance, it's largely timing of performance. And so best viewed, again, through that lens of compare our full year outlook and there you can identify it. And then just speaking to the other components of the P&L. As we've talked about on previous questions, we are seeing pressure with supply chain constraints and bringing inventory in. And so that is what's leading us to take down our gross margin profile as we expect to incur more costs on that front. And then we're able to offset some of those increases with some leverage in SG&A versus the prior guidance, which is allowing us to hold the operating profit profile, but with the increase in sales driving the lift in EPS that we're also passing through.
Mitch Kummetz: And then just real quick on UGG maybe two quick ones. Just following up on Camilo's question around slippers and I can appreciate all the dynamics there that you mentioned. But I'm curious, the other guide is high singles to low doubles. Are you expecting slippers to be better or worse in line with that? And then maybe a second on UGG. You made some positive comments about men's consideration. Can you remind us kind of where the split is men's versus women's and kind of how the growth rates compare these days?
Dave Powers: Yes, sure. I think from an overall standpoint, right, as I said, we're still looking at growth. Again, it's not on a percentage basis similar to what you saw last year because of the dynamics of last year and what drove the growth there. But the good news is we're maintaining and continuing to build on that growth. And then from a men's shift in terms of percentage of the business, we are continuing to see some increases as we resonate with the male consumer. Yes, we're still in kind of growing above or at kind of roughly around that 15% range, where historically, if you go back a few years, it was probably closer to around the 10% to 12%. So – yes, in proportion to sale. So not only are we growing the dollar amount, right? We're also – we're growing the percentage of that business, too. So again, good growth increasing on the mail side. As Dave said earlier, as we're resonating kind of with younger consumers, that includes males and so bringing more new customers into the brand. Dave, did you have anything you want to add on that one?
Dave Powers: Yeah. No, I think that's right. I think what we're seeing in men's, we've been at this for quite some time to make UGG relevant and exciting for the male consumer. The Foot Locker partnership has been a big catalyst for us there, including as well as Journeys. We're getting more penetration in wholesale for a men's product, led by the new mall, but also now adopting some of the slipper products and driving acquisition online in our e-commerce business and DTC business. We have better strength in a place like China, where the penetration of men's is bigger and more broad-based. So we're going to continue to build on that. We're allocating more marketing dollars against the men's opportunity. We feel that, that is a significant space that we can build and take share from competitors in that space and be a meaningful brand for men over the long term. So the progress there is exciting. And we have a new leader in the men's business that joined us during the pandemic, had tremendous experience in the innovation pipeline for product is strong, and we're going to continue to build on that.
Dave Powers: I would say, just in closing, I do want to say that I want to give the management team and the whole organization a lot of credit for the way they've managed the last 18 months. We've been maintaining a very aggressive mindset with these brands. We want to continue to steal share. We want to continue to get -- gain shelf space globally. But the way the team -- the executive team and their teams globally have managed around factory planning, staying aggressive on the buys when other brands are cutting inventory. That has helped us tremendously. We're navigating through a lot of the supply chain issues through earlier shipments, close partnership with our key wholesalers to take product early, super tight marketplace management by our brands were saying clean and premium. And the existing product pipeline and what's coming down from an innovation standpoint is incredibly compelling. So you combine all this with a very purpose-led culture, and there's a lot to be excited about at Deckers, and I'm really proud of the work the teams have done. And I'm very excited about what's ahead of us for all of our brands on a global scale. So we appreciate your time.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. Thank you for attending the Deckers Brands first quarter fiscal 2022 earnings call. The conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-05-21 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you queue up for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I’ll now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, VP, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding changes in consumer behavior, strength of our brands and demand for our products, changes to our product allocation, segmentation and distribution strategies, changes to our marketing plans and strategies, changes to our capital allocation strategies, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business, our anticipated revenues, brand performance, product mix, gross margins, expenses and liquidity position, and our potential repurchase of shares. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management’s current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I’ll now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before diving into the business, I’d like to express my gratitude for the progress towards ending the pandemic’s toll in the United States. However, countries around the world are still struggling with dangerous outbreaks. Many of our employees have friends and family members that are currently being impacted by the devastating COVID-19 surge within India, Nepal and other South Asian countries. Our hearts go out to everyone who has been affected by this pandemic over the past year and a half, and on behalf of Deckers, I wish for everyone’s health and safety moving forward. As I reflect on this past year, I am continually impressed by the tenacity and resiliency of the Deckers organization, and the dedication demonstrated by our teams as they continued to deliver exceptional results. FY 2021 results were driven by the exceptional brand and marketplace management of our leaders, but also by the global operations, retail and supply chain teams, who allowed us to fulfill the demand for our brands. By continuing to be aggressive with HOKA globally and capturing the opportunity in UGG, we were able to exceed expectations in a challenging environment and have accelerated the pace of growth for our brands. Today, I am excited to share the results of a record breaking year for Deckers. We saw a strong finish to fiscal 2021, with full year revenue increasing 19% versus last year to over $2.5 billion and earnings per share increasing 40% to $13.47. FY 2021 performance was driven by expanded awareness and adoption of HOKA around the world, as more consumers experienced the benefits of the brand’s innovative products, consumer actively seeking UGG for its unique combination of fashion appeal and the unmistakable feeling of the brand, best-in-class e-commerce capabilities that enabled consumer acquisition in a disrupted physical retail environment, strategic prioritization of brand strength and demand creation through disciplined marketplace management and the grit of our employees who overcame significant macro challenges and operational pressures to deliver exceptional results. Many of these items that drove performance during the year were the results of our long-term strategies that remain top of mind as we transition into fiscal 2022 and beyond. As a reminder, these include accelerating consumer adoption of the HOKA brand globally, building UGG as a year-round global lifestyle brand through a diverse product offering, executing our digital first approach by growing direct-to-consumer acquisition and retention online with a specific focus on gaining closet space with 18 year-old to 34 year-old consumers, tailoring distribution strategies unique to each of our brands in order to properly balance brand health in conjunction with sustainable growth, which includes the recent reset activities for the UGG brand internationally and focusing spend behind these key initiatives to drive optimal returns on investment, while maintaining top tier levels of profitability. While we believe that remaining committed to our long-term strategies was the primary enabler of our success this year, Deckers also uniquely benefited from certain circumstances resulting from the pandemic. Fiscal 2021 revenue exceeded our pre-pandemic expectations as we saw an acceleration of certain growth opportunities. With brands scaling faster than previously anticipated, we now need to accelerate critical investments to scale our supply chain and logistics infrastructure, as well as bolster our teams with additional talent to prepare for emerging opportunities. Fiscal 2022 will be another positive step in the evolution of Deckers Brands, as we strategically invest behind core infrastructure needs and seed opportunities that will enable sustainable long-term revenue and earnings growth. Over the long-term, we’re investing in major drivers of our business, including building HOKA to $1 billion plus global performance brand that represents a significant portion of total company revenue, driving our direct-to-consumer business towards 50% of our global revenues, scaling international markets across brands and seeding opportunities beyond footwear. Steve will provide more details on these investments, as well as our forward looking revenue and margin expectations later in the call. In the meantime, I will share some details around fiscal 2021 performance at the brand and channel levels, as well as provide some context around fiscal 2022 building blocks. Starting with the brand highlights, global UGG fiscal 2021 revenue increased 13% versus last year to $1.717 billion. The brand’s success in FY 2021 was primarily due to U.S. consumers actively seeking UGG products all year long with search interest increasing 27% over fiscal 2020 according to Google Trends, which led to accelerated consumer acquisition online as the brand added over 2.5 million new consumers to its global e-commerce database and captured the critical 18-year to 34-year aged consumer in the U.S., which increased 83% to the elevated fashion appeal to brand. And lastly, more consumers purchased multiple UGG products than ever before, as the brand saw an 85% increase in consumers purchasing two of our products during the year. We believe much of the brand heat that created momentum for UGG in the U.S. resulted from the brand’s strategically managed distribution network, authentic PR activations, fashion collaborations, targeted digital marketing and a compelling product offering that has expanded the fashion relevance of UGG brand DNA across new categories. As evidence of the UGG brand’s success with a diversified assortment, fiscal 2021 product performance was driven by the expansion of the Fluff franchise, as the brand drove demand to both the original Fluff Yeah, as well as complementary styles with similar slipper-sandal hybrid attributes, increased adoption of the New Male franchise among men, women and kids, the introduction of the Ultra Mini and Classic Clear boots, which were particularly popular with younger consumers, development of the Tasman into a fashion slipper sneaker, as UGG featured the style in a number of recent collaborations, helping to raise the hybrid style’s profile, the brand’s first ever ready-to-wear apparel collection, which featured fashionable sportswear and outerwear pieces and Heritage slippers having greater year round relevancy as many people were working from home and seeking the comfort of what we refer to as the feeling of UGG. These styles that drove UGG growth this year made up the majority of both the brand’s top 10 styles purchased by acquired consumers, as well as the top 10 styles purchased by consumers 18 years old to 34 years old. While women remain the primary purchasers of UGG products, the brand’s mix of gender continues to shift towards men’s and kid’s products. Part of this shift is due to many consumers purchasing UGG for the whole family. In the U.S., as compared to last year, UGG experienced an 88% increase in DTC revenue from orders containing both men’s and women’s products, and 117% increase in orders containing both kid’s and women’s products. With more purchasing for the whole family, both men’s and kid’s footwear increased as a percentage of total UGG brand business. While the U.S. has been driving UGG category diversification over the past few years, we have been encouraged by the adoption of new categories within international regions over the last year as well. Such is the Ultra Mini which was a top five style in its introductory season, the Classic Clear which was ranked second new style in terms of dollar volume, Fluff franchise volume was 2.5 times larger than last year, and sneakers were standout in our Asia-Pacific region. Improvements in new category adoption are largely attributable to localized marketing activations meant to build UGG brand heat internationally and attracting younger consumers to the brand. Our targeted digital marketing efforts are paying off, as UGG experienced a significant increase in e-commerce traffic from visitors aged 18 to 34 in both the U.K. and China during FY 2021. These early indicators of success and our plan to further invest behind localized marketing tactics give us confidence that UGG will rebound and return to growth in the brand’s international markets during fiscal 2022. UGG has a difficult task ahead in lapping a record year, where we benefited from the pandemic driving greater attention to the brand. However, with our planned investments and demand creation, we have confidence the brand can drive topline revenue growth in fiscal 2022 by fulfilling wholesale demand as we reset the marketplace with filling product and satisfy some of the missed opportunities in fiscal 2021 during inventory shortages, maintaining momentum with the younger consumers around the world and driving repeat purchases from consumers new to the brand in FY 2021, recovering lost volume in EMEA with the goal of lapping fiscal 2020 revenues and maximizing demand captured through DTC, increasing local investments in China to elevate the brand and accelerate revenue growth, all while working to lap growth on heritage slipper products that benefited from the pandemic. Shifting your attention to HOKA, global revenue in fiscal 2021 increased 62% versus last year to $571 million. The growth of HOKA over the past year was a testament to the brand’s methodical approach to managing a consistent brand message and introducing innovative products that resonate across the global distribution landscape. HOKA continues to exhibit balanced growth across its ecosystem of access points with every region and channel distribution increasing volume above last year. The increasing scale of HOKA is undeniably impressive. But even more importantly, the brand is growing in the right way and making meaningful progress towards strategic initiates. In a year of uncertainty, HOKA initially doubled down on key franchises, with the goal of amplifying hero styles to bring new consumers to the brand. As these styles drove consumer acquisition, HOKA was successful in driving more repeat purchases in alternate products. This is the result of the HOKA team’s development of innovative products, built for speed such as the Carbon X2 and Mach 4, the outdoors with the Speedgoat and Challenger for trail running and the Kaha for hiking and recovery featuring the Ora Flip Flops and Slides. In addition to providing great product for all athletes, HOKA has also created meaningful partnerships to build the lifestyle relevance of its performance products. One such partnership includes the brand’s recent launch with Free People, which helps expose HOKA products to consumers who may not otherwise discover their brand. This is not meant to signal a shift towards fashion for the HOKA brand, but rather the brand embracing the fashionable attributes of its performance products and gaining an audience of younger consumers. In addition to targeting youth wholesale distribution, the HOKA DTC team prioritize digital spend on platforms where younger consumers are spending time and discovering brands online. The brand has also been working to create a seamless replenishment experience for consumers who may have discovered HOKA elsewhere. Through these efforts, HOKA was able to increase 18 to 34-year-old consumer acquisition online by 156% as compared to last year. We believe the HOKA brand’s commitment to building a more diverse outdoor community by including underrepresented groups in 60% of marketing content is resonating well with younger consumers. HOKA is winning with the combination of disrupted product innovation, emotionally connected inclusive marketing and a consistent consumer experience based on the quality of the brand’s products and ecosystem of access points. From a regional standpoint, both domestic and international posted impressive gains in fiscal 2021, but the international revenue growth rate was able to outpace domestic up a lower base. As we’ve spoken about in prior earnings calls, the mix of international unit to the global total continues to move towards the 50-50 split, but revenue is more favored towards domestic because of the use of distributors internationally. In FY 2021, distributors drove the largest proportion of international HOKA revenue growth, greater than both wholesale and direct-to-consumer channels. We see this as both a positive reflection of HOKA distributor’s ability to scale the brand as well as an opportunity for global growth as we continue to strategically evolve our distribution of the brand around the world. Looking ahead to fiscal 2022, we anticipate HOKA growth will continue at a rapid pace driven by acquiring new consumers by building brand awareness, retaining existing consumers with product and category innovation, gaining market share with wholesale partners, building global brand presence through a return of in-person event sponsorship, focusing on key markets in Europe such as Germany and the U.K., and increasing the frequency of product drops to maintain excitement with consumers. In addition, as we invest to the longer term, we are earmarking investment in China for the HOKA brand to build a meaningful presence in that region. This includes building a team local to the market and creating a retail presence to the HOKA brand. Turning to Teva, despite relatively flat revenue of $139 million, Teva made productive strides towards the future as the brand invested behind the universal franchise, which experienced strong growth versus last year, increased the penetration of DTC to the total brand by 10 percentage points, nearly doubled direct-to-consumer acquisition year-over-year, strengthened partnerships with strategic wholesale accounts, contributed incremental profitability to Deckers bottomline and made further enhancement towards sustainability goals. Looking ahead, Teva is focused on being a leader in sustainability, building year-round innovative product for the modern outdoor consumer, taking market share in the closed-toe space with the brand’s Ember franchise, building on DTC consumer acquisition and maintaining a high proportion of 18-year-old to 34-year-old consumers. Moving to Koolaburra, global revenue in fiscal 2021 increased 9% versus last year to $76 million. Performance this year was influenced by conservative ordering at the onset of the pandemic, as we chose to reduce inventory purchases in strategic areas of the brand portfolio. Based on high levels of consumer demand, Koolaburra experienced both topline revenue growth and record profitability, despite scarce product availability and disruptions in the wholesale family value channel. For the year ahead, we expect Koolaburra to continue building market share with existing wholesale partners through door count expansion, build on the direct-to-consumer momentum experienced in fiscal 2021 as the brand more than doubled consumer acquisition compared to the prior year, further diversified the assortment through the growth of men’s product and women’s non-boot categories which experienced outsized growth this year and expand the brand’s lifestyle appeal through license opportunities with new product adjacencies. And finally, Sanuk revenue in fiscal 2021 declined to $42 million. Over the last year, the Sanuk team made great progress to right-size the brand’s distribution, focusing on wholesale channel leaders and owned direct-to-consumer. Through this process, the brand implemented a product segmentation and exclusive strategy, tailoring the consumer experience for each unique access point. With an optimized marketplace, we believe Sanuk has the opportunity to build on its loyal consumer base through innovation and comfort, and sustainability and continue as a positive contributor to our total company bottom line. With respect to channel performance in fiscal 2021, the strength of e-commerce drove DTC to increase 45% over the prior year, helping improve our mix of DTC revenue to 42%, up from 35% last year. Every brand in our portfolio experienced growth through the direct-to-consumer channel across both domestic and international regions. Global consumer acquisition online, which increased 88% over last year, was the primary driver of DTC performance in fiscal 2021. This was partially offset by a decline in retail traffic that resulted from macro pandemic pressures. Despite the reduction in consumer traffic to stores, people were shopping with the intent to purchase as we saw a 30% increase in conversion. We believe this higher rated purchase conversion can be attributed to improved omnichannel capabilities, including buy online pickup in store, mobile POS systems and curbside pickup, which helped provide a more seamless experience at our stores. A huge thank you to our store employees who made consumers safety and a positive experience, a top priority amidst difficult circumstances. Global wholesale revenue in fiscal year 2021 increased 6% as compared to last year. Wholesale growth was driven by the global expansion of HOKA, with offsets from international UGG, as well as global reductions in Teva and Sanuk. UGG experienced strength in domestic wholesale that was more than offset by an international decline, which was due to a combination of marketplace reset initiatives and macro pressures from the pandemic. We see a path for international UGG wholesale to return to growth in fiscal 2022, helping to drive strength in global wholesale moving forward. Before I hand off the call to Steve, I wanted to take a moment to highlight some of our brand’s recent activities on the sustainability front, which we believe is having a positive impact on consumers’ passion for our brands. Here at Deckers, we believe doing good is core to doing well and we intend to continue leading in this space. Over the past few months, UGG announced Earth Day commitments which highlighted the brand’s commitment to regenerative farming. UGG introduced its first ever plant power collection, which features carbon neutral plant based materials. Teva launched its TevaForever program where consumers are now able to recycle old sandals that will be reborn into new things such as playgrounds or running tracks. Sanuk introduced limited edition collaboration with the Surfrider Foundation using environmentally friendly materials with proceeds benefiting Surfrider’s mission to protect clean water and maintain healthy beaches. And we held our second Art of Kindness event, which is a week-long global giving initiative that encourages our employees across the globe to volunteer time towards causers helping others. This second Art of Kindness event included over 3,800 volunteer hours. We were able to double the employee participation from last year’s event, a huge thank you to all employees who participated and helped to make a positive impact around the world. Our brands and our company are committed to giving back and doing business in the right way, and we look forward to pushing further progress in sustainability and service over the next year and beyond. With that, I’ll hand the call over to Steve to provide further details on our fiscal 2021 financial results, as well as our initial outlook on fiscal 2022. Steve?
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave just covered, fiscal year 2021 was an outstanding year for the Deckers organization, reaching a number of new milestones as we saw accelerated demand for our brands. The performance of our brands over the last year was enabled by the key long-term strategies we’ve been investing behind that have helped transform Deckers into a digitally led organization with a portfolio of brands that are in demand and have further opportunity to grow. While our strategy has provided a solid foundation for the organization to perform well, we acknowledge that this past year has been full of unique circumstances that have helped put a spotlight on our brands. In particular, with the UGG brand, which was able to drive growth well beyond our pre-pandemic expectations, on the other hand, HOKA was able to overcome supply chain challenges and a disrupted wholesale marketplace to maintain the accelerated growth trajectory the brand has been experiencing prior to the pandemic. With total company topline growth accelerating faster than our ability to keep pace with investments, we acknowledge there is work ahead of us to realign infrastructure needs to our evolving organization. I’ll provide more detail on these planned investments later in the call, but first let’s get to our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2021 results. Revenue for the fourth quarter was $561 million, up 50% versus the prior year, with the primary drivers of growth being UGG and HOKA. More specifically, growth in UGG was driven by strength in classic boots, winter boots and spring fluff products, while also benefiting from lapping last year’s disruption of wholesale shipments, as well as retail store closures in the final two weeks of March. Continued exceptional performance with HOKA helped the brand deliver a quarterly revenue record increasing 74% versus the prior year to $178 million, as we continued to see strong brand momentum and incredible consumer adoption. Gross margin for the quarter was 53.2%, 170-basis-point improvement, driven by improved full price selling, a higher proportion of DTC business and favorable foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by increased freight and transportation cost. SG&A for the quarter was $244 million or 43.5% of sales versus last year’s $176 million or 47% of sales. The increase in spend was primarily driven by variable spend related to the increased revenue, as well as additional marketing, performance-related compensation and other items. These results demonstrate another exceptional quarter as we continue to see consumers seeking out our diverse offering of compelling products across our portfolio of brands. With the strength of the fourth quarter, our full fiscal year 2021 revenue came in at $2.546 billion, representing an increase of 19% versus the prior year. Performance as compared to the prior year was again driven by growth in the HOKA and UGG brands, as HOKA increased 62% over the prior year to $571 million with strength across all global regions and channels of distribution and UGG increased 13% over the prior year to $1.717 billion with growth of the U.S. offsetting international declines. Across our entire portfolio of brands, DTC was the primary driver of growth, increasing 45% over last year due to the strength of our online business, which overcame declines in the retail channel related to the pandemic. Gross margins for the year were up 220 basis points over last year to 54%. The increase in gross margin rate was related to 90 basis points from favorable channel mix, 80 basis points from lower promotional activity, including a reduction of closeouts, favorable brand mix as HOKA increased as a percentage of the total company and favorable foreign currency exchange rates with offsets coming from higher freight expense. SG&A dollar spend for the year was $870 million, up 14% from last year’s $766 million. Higher spend was primarily driven by increased marketing to capitalize on momentum in our brands and begin to see localized marketing for international UGG, increased warehouse and logistics cost related to the compensation, as well as safety measures in place to protect our employees, increased spend on our e-commerce infrastructure to support the growth of that channel with offsets from lower retail store expense and travel savings that resulted from the pandemic. For the year, our tax rate was 23.7%, which compares to 19% last year. Taxes were higher this year as a result of a higher proportion of domestic revenue, as well as certain discrete items recognized in Q4. This all resulted in a record diluted earnings per share of $13.47 for the year, which compares to $9.62 in the fiscal year 2020. The more than $3 increase as compared to last year was driven by revenue growth in the HOKA and UGG brands, SG&A leverage as revenue growth exceeded expense growth, a greater mix of DTC revenue, a higher percentage of full price sales across our portfolio of brands, favorable foreign currency exchange rates, which was slightly offset by a higher tax rate. Turning to our balance sheet. At March 31, 2021, we ended fiscal year 2021 with $1.089 billion of cash and equivalents. Inventory was $278 million, down 11% from $312 million at the same time last year and due to the repayment in full of our corporate headquarter mortgage we had no outstanding borrowings. For the year, these results returned invested capital above 30%. During the fourth quarter, we repurchased approximately $99 million worth of shares at an average price of $322.87. I would note that for the majority of the year, we had paused share repurchase activity, as we shifted focus to preserving the strength of our balance sheet based on uncertainty related to the pandemic. Typically, at this point in the year, we would provide an update to our global backlog. Over the last few years, we have continued to signal that less and less emphasis should be placed on backlog as an indicator of future performance. Due to the evolution of our portfolio of brands and distribution strategies, as such we will no longer be providing backlog. Moving to our outlook, for fiscal year 2022, as Dave and I have touched on, fiscal 2021 was a year of full of unique circumstances, some of which directly benefited our brands. Beside just from the long-term evolution of Deckers, fiscal 2022 was thoughtfully planned to bolster the strong foundation already in place and set the table for sustained revenue and earnings power. For the full fiscal year 2022, we expect a year-over-year topline growth rate of mid-to-high-teens leading to revenue in the range of $2.95 billion to $3 billion with HOKA growing in the 40% range, reaching an $800 million milestone; UGG growing in the high single digits to low double-digit range driven by domestic wholesale strength and international returning to growth; Koolaburra growing in the low double-digit range; Teva growing in the mid-single digit range; and Sanuk approximately flat to last year. Gross margin is expected to be approximately 53.3%, which is 70 basis points lower than FY 2021, due to increased shipping cost for ocean containers and air usage, unfavorable product mix shifting toward lower price items, potential channel mix headwinds related to the wholesale filling for the UGG and distributor growth in HOKA and inflationary pressures. SG&A is expected to be approximately 35.5% of revenue, as we made key investments to drive long-term growth and fuel near-term opportunities with variable spend. Strategic spending to drive the evolution of Deckers includes investment in our supply chain and logistics infrastructure to increase capacity with an additional distribution center in U.S., larger facilities internationally and improved planning tools to drive efficiencies, investment to further our digital transformation through added e-commerce capabilities to increase personalization and added analytical tools to optimize data insights and returns on marketing investments, investment in China to seed the HOKA opportunity and reignite UGG brand heat in the region, and investment to bolster our talent across the organization as we scale larger and enable emerging opportunities with added capabilities. Variable spending to fuel near-term opportunities include digital content creation to drive DTC conversion, targeted digital marketing to acquire new consumers, investments to drive growth in UGG ready-to-wear and build awareness of HOKA appear. Our expense and gross margin guidance represents an expected operating margin in the range of 17.5% to 18%, which aligns with our commitment to remain top tier among our peers. This targeted operating margin for FY 2022 represents meaningful expansion when compared to pre-pandemic years, where we had consistently achieved an operating margin of approximately 16% in FY 2019 and FY 2020. This demonstrates that we are flowing through a portion of recent margin expansion achieved in FY 2021 that we intend to preserve as we step into FY 2022. These include 90 basis points of channel mix with a larger proportion of DTC business, 50 basis points of brand mix as our mix of HOKA increases and expecting our rate of full price selling to be similar to that experienced in FY 2021. We are also projecting a tax rate of approximately 23%, all resulting in expected diluted earnings per share in the range of $14.05 to $14.65. Capital expenditures are expected to be in the range of $65 million to $70 million, representing a step up on recent years as we support the build out of a new distribution center in the U.S. and further reinforce our digital transformation through added IT infrastructure. Our fiscal 2022 guidance excludes any charges that may be considered one-time in nature and does not contemplate any impact for additional share repurchase. We will not be providing formal quarterly guidance as the environment remains highly uncertain with regional differences in the pace and scope of economic recovery from the pandemic, as well as continued disruption across the entire supply chain as a result of the pandemic. In addition, with significantly lower inventory in the channel, the normal order and delivery pattern has shifted this year with a greater increase expected in the first half, further complicating expected timing of delivery. Therefore, it is important to note that a focus on a full year guidance best represents a holistic view of how we are driving full year long-term targets. For further context on how we are looking at the first half of the year, we expect strong global wholesale growth from both UGG and HOKA as both brands lap disruption in the channel from last year, and UGG benefits from earlier wholesale orders to fill in depleted inventories. Continued expansion of global HOKA direct-to-consumer as the brand acquires new consumers online through increased awareness and more consumers migrate online for replenishment. Higher marketing cost to keep UGG top of mind with consumers as less people are working from home, as well as a step up in our investment in localized content for international regions. Higher marketing costs for HOKA as the brand increases its presence at events with the world opening up, as well as increased spend to begin building awareness in China. Increased spend on people as we build our workforce and lap some savings experienced last year due to hiring and merit freeze. Elevated warehouse and logistics cost to support the increased scale of business both domestically and internationally with continued safety measures in place. And higher freight costs continuing to be a drag on gross margins. Overall, we anticipate first half revenue will represent a larger percentage of the full year revenue than in prior years. And finally, on capital allocation, with the build of our cash balance over the last year, we completed a thorough review of our strategy. Based on our goal to drive shareholder value, the Board of Directors has approved an increase of $750 million to the company’s share repurchase authorization. This increased authorization in conjunction with higher capital expenditure investments supporting our key initiatives highlights the Board’s confidence and management’s ability to achieve our strategic plan and drive shareholder value while maintaining strength in liquidity. Deckers will maintain a competitive position versus peers, based on growing multiple brands in our portfolio, including one of the fastest growing footwear brands in HOKA, evolving our channel distribution with the long-term goal of reaching a 50% mix of DTC, achieving top tier levels of profitability and leadership in ESG space as we seek to do business in the right way by making positive contributions to our communities and the world at large. To close, I’d like to thank our employees for their dedication to managing through tough circumstances to deliver record results in an unprecedented year. I am excited for the years ahead as we invest behind the evolution of Deckers and capitalize on our strong portfolio of brands. Thanks, everyone and I’ll now hand the call back to Dave for his final remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Steve. Fiscal 2021 was an exceptional year for Deckers, as our company was able to build awareness and globally expand the HOKA brand as well as capitalize on the unique tailwinds for the UGG brand. Our long-term strategies enabled our brands to accelerate consumer acquisition online, which helped in company achieve the milestone of delivering a record operating profit of $0.5 billion. With strong momentum in our brands, we’re going to maintain an aggressive approach to taking market share of wholesale, while also strengthening our digital capabilities to acquire consumers through our direct channels. We believe each of our brands has a compelling product offering for their respective target consumers. The health of our brands and the excitement for our products provide a strong setup for the year ahead. Our guidance includes mid to high-teen revenue growth with multiple brands expected to grow double digits, implying over $800 million of revenue added over two-year period. Deckers will remain top tier among peers while making important investment for the long-term evolution of the organization. We are confident in our long-term vision to drive more business through our direct-to-consumer channels, build the HOKA brand beyond $1 billion in revenue and increase our mix of business from international markets. To achieve these objectives and enable new opportunities with our portfolio of strong brands, we are focused on fostering existing talent within the organization, as well as acquiring new talent for added capabilities. I am proud to be leading this organization and greatly appreciate all the work of our employees over the past year and recognize the energy already being put forth to make fiscal 2022 just as great. Thank you to all of our stakeholders for your continued support. With that, I’ll turn the call over to the Operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Camilo Lyon with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Camilo Lyon: Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and congrats on a strong finish to the year.
Dave Powers: Hi, Camilo.
Camilo Lyon: I wanted to -- hi. I wanted to follow up, Steve, on a comment you made just at the end of your remarks regarding including some of the wholesale partners of yours with inventory sooner. Clearly, I think, there’s an anticipation there to avoid some of the supply chain disruptions that many have suffered this past year. I am curious how are you thinking about inventory build in anticipation of any chase opportunities given that you’ll probably having to hold on some of that inventory a little bit longer through the season, given the earlier shipments that you’ve spoken about?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. Let me -- thanks, Camilo. Good question. What we’re seeing and I’ll take a step back to just to kind of explain what’s going on. I think with inventories low, our own inventory again down 11% and lower inventories as you mentioned kind of lower in the channel. We do want to bring in more inventory in the first couple of quarters and we do want to get it out to our wholesale customers, so that they have it in stock and on shelves during the prime selling season. So that is the shift from what we normally see. It may limit, I would say, the chase opportunities. That’s why we’re seeing kind of a more robust first half. I think that’s why it was important to talk about kind of that first half context, because we’re going to see a significant portion of that growth as we expect to fulfill those wholesale orders really in the first half as we bring inventory in. So we were replenishing our depleted inventory and we’re getting out to our wholesale accounts sooner, so that they have it in stock. So we will see, again, it’s one of the challenges that we’re dealing with. As you know, there is significant disruption in the whole supply chain channel, another reason to try to get this inventory in earlier, so that we can avoid some of that disruption.
Dave Powers: Yeah. And just to add on to that, we did submit orders earlier than usual this year. So we are a little bit ahead of the game as far as production goes, but getting product into the country through the logistics domestically and onto our key accounts is poses a pretty meaningful challenge. We think we can overcome it. But the demand for inventory right now is still very strong. So our accounts are looking for inventory to keep the momentum going, but also start building reserves and stocks heading into the fall and holiday timeframe as well for all of our brands.
Camilo Lyon: Got it. Two just quick follow-ups, within that context, Steve, and Steve, you’ve mentioned, some inflationary pressures impacting gross margin, is there any price taking that you are embedding in UGG or HOKA? And then just from a longer term perspective, you talked about the investments that you’re making in the business and the right investments to be making in terms of infrastructure, distribution centers, digital investments to further the growth and long-term opportunities that you have in front of you. How do you think about what that looks like in the context of longer term EBIT margin opportunities as you start to leverage these investments this year in years two, three and four from now?
Dave Powers: Yeah. I can start. So, in price increases, selectively but not broad based and so we’re looking at opportunities by categories, where we can, Fluff is an example of that. But generally speaking, we’re not passing on price increases across the Board, just more selective styles going into this back of this year. I think we have more flexibility in our DTC channels to maybe do things here and there, but the season’s sold in the inventories on its way and the wholesale accounts are expecting the prices that we’ve already established. But we have healthy margins and we’re expecting healthy high full price sell-throughs again and are confident in that. And from an investment perspective, yeah, with this rate of growth and the way that we pulled back on spend last year. We have some investments we need to make. We think that our brands, the demand for our brands is certainly stronger than it’s ever been. Our brands matter to our consumers. They’re really meaningful both on a product but also in emotional level and we see healthy path for growth, but we need to invest in the infrastructure to not only allow that, but then to sustain it and build even further. So, we think the 17% to 18% range is about right to be able to continue double-digit growth at the topline, but we also have to spend to fuel that. Over the years there may be a little upside to that and we can think about the flowing that through and we’ll see how this year goes. But right now we feel like the right balance from a healthy brand building sustainable business is in the 17% to 18% range.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. And I think just to add on to that, Camilo, It’s more than just a one-year investment.
Dave Powers: Yeah.
Steve Fasching: So, as Dave said, we’ve kind of targeted a range that we think is appropriate that kind of balances the investment, as well as what it can drive in sustainable growth, both from a revenue and earnings perspective. And yeah, there are some things that we’ll be able to look at once these investments are in place to see what we can then leverage. But, I think, as Dave said, we need to make these investments now, let’s see how they go and then we’ll be in a better position down the road as to kind of figuring out how we could benefit from some of these investments.
Dave Powers: Yeah. And as we’ve been talking about last few years, a lot -- a much higher percentage of our OpEx is variable. So we have a lot more flexibility in the year to either flow through or invest faster to drive topline growth. So we feel pretty confident that these are sustainable levels, and as I said, there might be opportunity for increase as we get into the next couple of years.
Camilo Lyon: Excellent color. Congrats on the momentum.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Camilo.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jonathan Komp with Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Yeah. Hi. Thank you. Maybe Dave just first a follow-up, I think, you just mentioned double-digit topline growth. So I just wanted to maybe follow-up the context than your thoughts beyond the next year, if you think that’s sustainable growth rate and maybe any thoughts on the pieces? And maybe relatedly, Steve, I think, you mentioned, some efficiencies from some of the infrastructure and analytics investments, any ability to break out some of the benefits expect to see from some of the investments this year?
Dave Powers: Yeah. So I’ll answer your first question, Jonathan. Yeah. We see that path, certainly, this year is a little bit of a higher than normalized growth rate because of the filling component of particularly the UGG business and refilling the inventories for our wholesale accounts. So 19% is the highest we’ve ever guided and we’re confident in it. But we’re mindful that a portion of that is filling. So you’ll see the growth rates probably start to normalize closer to low double digits over the next year or two. But at this point, we feel like we have a clear line of sight to be able to continue to grow our brands globally, especially with the return to growth that we’re starting to see in international, and HOKA really taking hold in the investments that we’re making.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. And then, Jon, just on the kind of the leverage that we talked about kind of from a two-year stack. So, clearly, what we’re passing through is some benefit that we’ve seen in 2021. So as Dave kind of mentioned, we benefited by an acceleration of revenue and didn’t necessarily spend against that revenue acceleration in FY 2021. So in 2022, there will be a bit of that catch-up to spend against really a two-year stack of high-teen revenue growth that we believe sets the foundation for more growth. In reference in my prepared remarks, where I talked about how we’ve progressed from where we were, say two years ago, we’re taking some of that leverage that we achieved in 2021 and really passing it through in 2022 as we’ve seen some of those efficiencies. So it’s some of the full price selling, there is going to be some on talent from where we were, say two years ago and so that’s where we start to settle down from a proportion of SG&A spend to revenue in that, call it, roughly kind of 35%, 35.5% range. So, again, to the earlier question also, let’s see how things go, this is a year where we’re coming off the heels of strong revenue growth. We constrained some of that spend in 2022. We think it’s important that we get back to making those investments that are setting us up for continuing this growth that we’re seeing.
Jonathan Komp: Yeah. Great. And just one more on HOKA, any commentary on how some of the newer distribution in wholesale is faring either domestic or globally? And then it looks like a lot of new products coming up the next few months, so just any more comments on the pipeline and that approach to new product drops?
Dave Powers: Yeah. I would say, generally speaking, across the Board in new and existing accounts, sell-through continues to be very strong. And as you know, we’ve been very methodical, the teams have done a great job of controlling strategic distribution, not going to too many doors too fast such as in case of DICK’s, et cetera. That philosophy is applied globally and we’re focused on healthy full-priced sell-through and creating demand and that is paying off and that’s working. The areas we’re expanding into is obviously bolstering outdoor, so trail and hike. You’re going to start to see a little more product and focus on marketing lifestyle opportunities. So still performance product, but adapted for a lifestyle consumer. And then we’re going to continue to drive that growth across the Board globally, each market is a little bit different as to which category we push first and how we get there, but that’s the intent and the pipeline from my perspective is very strong. We have some great launches coming up this year. We have Clifton 8 launching in the next quarter, which we have a lot of demand. We’re already pre-selling it on our website and the demand is there. So we feel great about the pipeline. So we can get the product to the supply chain of course and then expanding into other categories over the next 12 months to 18 months. We’re very excited about it.
Jonathan Komp: Excellent. Thank you.
Dave Powers: Sorry, Clifton 8 in June.
Jonathan Komp: Yeah. That’s right. Okay. Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Sole with UBS. Please go ahead.
Jay Sole: Great. And thank you so much. Dave, I was just wondering, if you could elaborate on the last answer a little bit, if you could maybe just take a step back and tell us, where you see HOKA in the maturity curve of this brand as it grows to a much bigger brand. As you see where the brand is right now, what’s baked in the guidance, maybe take us through geographically where you see the biggest opportunities and where you hope to end the year by and where you see going it from there, and then maybe that would be a great place to start? Thank you.
Dave Powers: Sure. So, as we said in the script, we think that HOKA can get to $800 million this year, obviously, that’s continued very aggressive growth opportunities. We also talked about the fact that the international growth is really kicking in from a units perspective, which is great to see the balance of that business globally and the balance across distribution. The one area that we talked about investing in and we’re starting to invest in infrastructure building this year is China. It’s still a relatively small business in China. It’s a very exciting market for us to get into. We’ve been leveraging really the UGG, the UGG team on the ground there for DTC, for HOKA, but it’s time to start putting dedicated full-time heads on the HOKA team in China to get after that. So $800 million this year, obviously, we’re on the path to $1 billion, earlier than we expected and the momentum seems to be just building, as people become more aware of the brand and we bring more consumers, particularly younger consumers into our ecosystem, really focusing on repeat purchases and expanding into new styles beyond just core running. We think the formula there is right, I think the control distribution, the product assortment, the fact that we are resonating in multiple categories, in multiple markets globally gives us a lot of confidence that I’d say in some ways we’re still in the early innings for this brand.
Steve Fasching: And I think, Jay, just to add on to that, what we’re seeing and we had the question on the wholesale distribution. So as Dave said, we’re seeing tremendous progress within our wholesale distribution.
Jay Sole: Yeah.
Steve Fasching: As Dave also said, what we’re seeing is an acceleration of units. Now you don’t necessarily see that in the same proportion on revenue, because much of our internationals is through distributors. So when we think about HOKA, and as Dave said, approaching $800 million faster than we previously thought clearly $1 billion in our sites, a lot of opportunity. One, as we bring more customers through our direct channels, we’re seeing higher adoption through direct-to-consumer channel. On the international front, the investments that we’re making will drive greater acceleration of growth on the international front. And then we have a channel opportunity that we can think about kind of down the road. So, clearly, very excited about the potential of HOKA and where it can go, and we’re sitting in the very great place.
Jay Sole: Got it. That’s super helpful. Thanks so much.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Jay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Poser with Williams Trading. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess, is your SG&A going to follow the same, the flow of the business in the year or, I mean, should we think about that 35%, will we see it more front-end loaded on the investment or is it going to spread out of there?
Steve Fasching: It’s going to be spread out. Some of it needs to ramp, right? So you will see it a little bit in disproportion to the revenue growth. So we’re going to see more revenue growth upfront as we’re filling in the wholesale channels. We’re going to be ramping investments really throughout the year. So, more revenue growth on the front half of ramping of investments really over the year.
Sam Poser: Yeah. Okay. And then, I’ve got two more. One, do you expect the wholesale absolute revenue from UGG to be higher in Q3 or -- actually in Q2 or Q3 in absolute dollars. I mean or is Q3 still going to be the biggest or just going to be less growth?
Dave Powers: In some ways it’s hard to call that right now, Sam, because of the supply chain challenges and so that’s one of the reasons that quarterly guidance is challenging, because it’s hard to say exactly when product is going to arrive and when we can get it out based on the quarter end. So that’s one of the things we’re kind of dealing with is putting in more confidence into when product can arrive and calling the ball on that. Certainly, you’re going to see an increase in the first half bigger than we have in the past, but exactly how that relates to Q3 versus Q2 sales, still a little early to make that call.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. And I think the other challenge, Sam, is we had such a strong Q3, Q4 that when you look at the comparison 2022 to 2021, right? We’re going to be comparing against some very strong quarters in the back half. So when you think about percentage growth, it’s really front half loaded in those terms, especially as we’re trying to fill that wholesale channel earlier this year.
Sam Poser: Got you. And what percent of the marketing of the increased SG&A is being put towards digital marketing?
Dave Powers: Yeah. I mean, I’d have to get the exact number on that. I mean, it’s significant, and we’re continuing to invest in marketing across the board for HOKA and then also, but in key categories incremental marketing spend for UGG. So as a percentage of sales, marketing is going up across the board. So I don’t know if we have the exact number of that. We can maybe get into in Q&A later. But that’s how we’re thinking about it. So a big part of the growth is relying on the fact that we are increasing marketing spend broadly and in new areas such as apparel and UGG for example and men’s and kid’s, but the rest is really on headcount and resources on the ground in China and infrastructure building.
Sam Poser: Thanks. And then one last thing, M&A with -- are you looking at anybody, you’ve talked about building out HOKA apparel and you said you might hire it, you might buy it. So you did, I know you’re not going to give -- I am not going to get an answer, but I’ll ask anyway. So you did a collab with Cotopaxi, very interesting, both with shoe did, as well as the apparel line -- the outdoor apparel line itself…
Dave Powers: Yeah. It’s…
Sam Poser: …et cetera…
Dave Powers: Yeah. No. Just good business practice. We’re always having conversations and we’re open and -- but very selective. We have -- the biggest challenge for us is we have so much opportunity in our organic business today. It’s hard to contemplate really doing something significant on top of that from a resource and just management’s time perspective. The focus has served us well over the last four years or five years and we’re going to continue down that approach. With that being said, we’re -- just -- part of my job is just knowing what’s happening out in the environment, talking to different brands and companies, early stages, late stages. But right now we’re intently focused on the core organic growth that we have in front of us. And then as it relates to apparel, actually we believe more so now than ever that we don’t necessarily need an acquisition to allow us to grow that business. Right now we’re focused on building internal talent and capabilities, because of the strength of the brand, we think we can do that on top of our strong DTC channel, our supply chain and our omnichannel capabilities.
Sam Poser: Thanks very much. Continue the success.
Dave Powers: Thanks Sam.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Duffy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jim Duffy: Thanks. Hello, everyone.
Dave Powers: Hi, Jim.
Steve Fasching: Hi, Jim.
Jim Duffy: Hope you guys are doing well. I wanted to start on the UGG business, the increasing frequency of purchase very encouraging. As you’re thinking…
Dave Powers: Yeah.
Jim Duffy: … about growth for this year, I recognize a component of it is still in, but can you provide some dimension to the domestic growth by discussing it across product categories? Are there any categories that have outsized drivers?
Dave Powers: Yeah. I think one thing that is really exciting, and as you mentioned it is the two things, one, the younger consumers that have begun to embrace the brand, which is something we’ve been working on for a while and I think the brand has done an exceptional job of being relevant for that consumer both from a communication and product perspective. And we are finding that they’re purchasing more often. Our cycle of repurchase for UGG used to be in the 18-month to 24-month range, now we’re seeing multiple purposes in the same quarter as the product becomes more relevant year round. So we’re going to continue to build on that. Obviously, the Fluff franchise, the slipper hybrid, indoor/outdoor slipper category is going to continue to be important for us. Although, slipper as a total category is not as big as you see in sneakers or boots or other areas, but for us it’s very meaningful. So we’re going to continue to build on that. Classics across the Board, the Ultra Mini is in the early days for us of excitement and growth. The Classic Clear is the style that we launched last year that sold out and there is big orders against that coming again this fall. We have a really compelling and exciting rain proposition in the UGG brand. And then you get into the heritage evolutions of things like the Tasman and how we’re evolving that product into different materials and different use occasions for both men and women and the Neumel. So it’s a combination of multiple categories inclusive of apparel. What was exciting about FY 2021 is the growth in UGG came from non-core product and then increased growth in men’s and kid’s. So this is the most broad-based enthusiasm I’ve ever seen for the brand from gender and category perspective. It’s much more balanced than we used to be, which is by design, which is very exciting for us. And I think it gives us a lot more opportunity to segment product by channel of distribution and consumer to make sure that we’re having high sell-through and high rates of adoption across the board globally. So it’s tough to put it. We’re not relying on the Classics, like, we used to be anymore and there’s a lot more exciting product and innovation going in across all the categories.
Jim Duffy: That’s great to hear. And can you comment in a little more detail on what you’re seeing with the ready-to-wear apparel business. It feels like that’s gaining some momentum. Maybe give us a sense for where that stands? Is it percent of the mix and if you expect to see outsized growth from that in coming years?
Dave Powers: Yeah. The answer there is, yes. You’re not going to see outsized growth this year. But what we learned last year with the ready-to-wear launch is that we have struck a nerve with the consumer that is a great combination of fun, fashionable UGG brand DNA, and comfortable that I think is perfect for UGG and I think there is white space in the market for us to be able to have a significant share of market and growth globally. It’s relying on retail, it’s relying on getting our e-commerce capabilities for apparel improved, so that we can fully showcase head-to-toe looks and drive the business through those channels and selective wholesale distribution globally. So the team has done a phenomenal job of positioning ourselves. Last year was really proof-of-concept for us and it proved to be very successful. We’re super bullish about the opportunity over the next three years to five years and that’s one of the areas you’re going to see more investment in both on infrastructure but also on marketing and reaching global consumers.
Jim Duffy: Great. And just a point of clarification, I understand some of the strong growth this year is still in, Dave, I interpret your comments to Jonathan’s question that you see UGG as a double-digit growth business over the intermediate term looking beyond fiscal 2023, I am sorry, fiscal 2022?
Dave Powers: That was more related to total company, Jim.
Jim Duffy: Okay. Okay.
Dave Powers: Yeah.
Jim Duffy: Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Hey. Thanks, guys. Just shifting back to HOKA, you talked about $800 million this year, $1 billion plus being inside that’s obviously revenue to you guys. I am kind of curious how you’re thinking about the size of that brand at retail five years down the road? And of that, whatever number you might be thinking about in terms of how large it can be, how much of that are you going to really kind of own that revenue versus continue to use the distributor model? And I guess, related to that as you talk about that double-digit growth over the next couple of years, do you incorporate an assumption of bringing some of that distributor business back in-house or in-house, I should say?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. Yeah. So I understand the question. Those are all questions that we are needling on a constant basis with our ELT and Board. All of those are opportunities. I think that the $800 million and the $1 billion number does not require the take backs of distributors at this point. I think that’s a further out opportunity for us that requires a right level of investment in infrastructure for us to be able to do that correctly. But it’s not necessary for us to hit these short-term targets. The longer term targets, that along with outsized growth from where we are today in China down the road expanded categories, apparel potential, you can see that there is a multi-billion dollar brand down the road at some point.
Paul Lejuez: Yeah. Got you. And just to be clear, I just want to understand, when we talk about the supply chain, any pressures you might be seeing, can you just want to understand, like, which brands, which channels is that affecting most right now and how do you see that kind of fixing itself over the next several quarters?
Dave Powers: Yeah. The first thing I would say is, I want to give our operation and our supply chain teams a lot of credit for the way they handled last year. This success and our ability to chase demand in this environment and then to ramp-up for the growth that we’re seeing and standing up in new DC, in the Midwest, getting the inventory, the orders in as fast as we can. They’re kind of the unsung heroes of the story right now and they’re doing a tremendous job. What that means going forward, the risks and the opportunities exist broadly speaking across the Board. But the biggest challenge for us is really domestic U.S., getting the inventory in over the next couple of months and getting it through our DCs and out to the wholesale account. So it’s hard to say precisely which brand, which channel, et cetera. I would just say, it’s more broad-based and we have a list of how we’re prioritizing brands and channels within that to give us the best opportunity to be successful this year.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. And Paul -- and what I would say on the whole supply chain channel disruption is it’s not unique to us.
Dave Powers: Yeah.
Steve Fasching: This is something as you see right in the news everyone’s experiencing. I think what -- we’re in a better position than many of our peers, because last year we didn’t cut back our orders as dramatically as many of our peers did, and as a result of that, we’re in a better position with our factories. So as we’re ramping up inventory into the year, we feel we’re in a better position, still going to confront constraints and disruption. But we think we’re better positioned than most, given how, as Dave said, we navigated last year. But still very mindful of what we’re dealing with.
Dave Powers: Yeah. And I think that confidence is reflected in our guidance.
Paul Lejuez: Got it. Thank you, guys. Good luck.
Dave Powers: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. Please go ahead.
Dana Telsey: Good afternoon and congratulations on the progress. As you think about…
Dave Powers: Thanks, Dana.
Dana Telsey: As you think about the current environment and going into next year, how -- going into this next fiscal year, how do you unpack the investment spend between the first half and the second half of the year? Do any of the COVID costs, do they roll-off, how do you see it in-bucketing, whether it’s freight, whether it’s wages, or COVID costs?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. Good question. And as we think about FY 2022 and we think about the ramping of investments, clearly, we’re coming, as I said earlier, in a position where revenue was coming in faster than we could spend against it to build infrastructure. So I think to Sam’s question earlier, we do see investments ramping in the year. So bringing new talent in is going to take time, putting up some of the infrastructure will take a little bit of time. But there are some upfront costs that we’re incurring in the year. So as we think about those aspects, again, you’ll see a build in the year related to that. In marketing, we are doing more marketing upfront…
Dave Powers: Yeah.
Steve Fasching: … this year, because we want to continue to fuel that demand that’s in the marketplace. So you’ll see some of the marketing increased investments in the first half of the year. So it’s a bit of a mixed bag if you look at the whole year. So -- but generally speaking, it takes some time to build that investment. So generally speaking, you will see a bit of a ramp. But there are components that we’re going to spend more aggressively in the first half.
Dave Powers: Yeah. I think those are really related to, as you said, infrastructure building and marketing ahead of the curve in places like China. And -- but the one variable, Dana, that is the most challenging to call is hiring, because it’s a competitive marketplace out there, we’re selective in looking for top talent around the globe, we were pretty much on a hiring freeze all of last year, so we have a lot of catching up to do and in this environment, people are still working from home, it’s hard to call the ball on how fast we can ramp-up key hires. But you know that we’re aggressive about it. It’s a number one priority for our new CHRO that came on three months ago and the team. And as I’ve said, we have an opportunity with the momentum in our brands and the strength of our businesses to really find top talent globally and that’s the priority. You don’t want to rush it. But we are urgent about bringing on people pretty quick.
Dana Telsey: And on the people you’re bringing in, is it marketing, is it merchants for apparel, what’s your key priorities in who you’re bringing in?
Dave Powers: China, marketing, creative for e-commerce and digital capabilities.
Dana Telsey: And then price increases, will we see any price increases this year and does it differ at all by brand?
Dave Powers: You won’t see broad-based price increases this year. There might be some selective ones based on category and styles, Fluff is an opportunity for us from a pricing perspective. But generally speaking, we feel good about our prices. We think the proposition for the consumer is very compelling from a value proposition. Some other brands I think are talking about raising prices here and there. At this point, it’s not a broad-based strategy of ours. We’re continuing to focus on making sure that we have a very compelling offer for our consumer.
Dana Telsey: Just one last thing, anything on new wholesale customers, you’re expanding with DICK’S, any others that we should be thinking about?
Dave Powers: Not of that size. Selective ones, think about the HOKA lifestyle opportunity and key accounts like Free People that we are just launching with this year. But more generally, we’re reducing accounts for UGG still and focused on the top key strategic accounts that we have. So wholesale expansion other than opportunities where we’re trying to get a younger consumer for UGG or get into new category opportunities in HOKA, but generally speaking, wholesale door expansion is not a major strategy of ours.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Dave Powers: You bet.
Operator: Our final question comes from Laurent Vasilescu with Exane BNP Paribas. Please go ahead.
Laurent Vasilescu: Oh! Good afternoon and thank you for squeezing me in. Steve, I think, you mentioned in your prepared remarks that, you anticipated first half revenues to represent a larger percentage of your overall full year guide. I understand you’re not giving quarterly guidance. But can you just kind of give us kind of benchmarks? Historically, you’ve been pretty consistent that, your 1H revenues are about 37% of your overall revenues. So any framework on that just for us to understand would be very helpful?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I think the, again, not giving guidance, but when you think about the percentage growth for the year, again, as I said earlier on the Q&A, where we will be lapping very strong Q3 and Q4. The majority of our -- large majority of our percentage revenue growth will be occurring, as we expect, if things go according to plan in that first half. But again, as Dave said, there is a lot of moving pieces. There is a lot of -- still as we’re rebuilding inventory, trying to get that inventory in time and then turned around at our DC. It’s also working with wholesalers to have them take product earlier. I think we’re in a relatively good place where they are rebuilding their inventory levels as well, so if things play out as we see it, right, that will create much stronger growth on a percentage terms in the first half. Now some of that can drift, again, which is why we don’t want to give guidance yet because we have a lot of shipping that goes out in those final two weeks of quarters, which is kind of the way it lands. So things can move relatively easy between quarters.
Laurent Vasilescu: Very helpful. And then as a follow-up question, in terms of HOKA growth, the 40% growth, I think you alluded to in your prepared remarks in terms of number of pairs, roughly half is done overseas, maybe can you just kind of give us some context that for the full year, fiscal year 2021, where do your international revenues fall in terms of dollars? And then does the 40% growth, does it anticipate any taking any of your distribution in-house in Europe?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I’ll take the last one first. No. We do not. Not at this stage or this year. We are looking at this way. And then in terms of domestic versus international, we don’t really break that out. Other than to say, just to give a little bit of color on the half year, I’ll say, a little bit more growth on HOKA in the front half, again, as we lap bigger quarters in the back half, again, on percentage terms.
Laurent Vasilescu: Thank you very much.
Dave Powers: Yeah.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session and the conference is also now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-02-04 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Third Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. All participants will be in the listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] Following the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. [Operator Instructions] Please note, this event is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Erinn Kohler, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning. Please go ahead.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business and operations, business partners and industry, changes in consumer behavior in the retail environment, strength of our brands and demand for our products, changes to our product allocation, segmentation, and distribution strategies, changes to our marketing plans and strategies, investments in our business, our anticipated revenues, brand performance, product mix, gross margins, expenses, and liquidity position, and our potential repurchase of shares. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management’s current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings including in the Risk Factors section of its Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I’ll now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. I'm excited to dive into the details of an extraordinary quarter for the company and the exceptional results that our teams have delivered. But first, I would again like to stress the paramount importance of the health and safety of our employees, customers, communities and stakeholders, as they remain top of mind with everyone continuing to navigate the COVID-19 pandemic. On behalf of Deckers, I hope everyone is staying safe and healthy. Our third quarter results include record setting revenue of $1.078 billion and record earnings per share of $8.99. Revenue grew by 15% over last year's third quarter to deliver Deckers’ first ever quarter to exceed $1 billion. Performance in the quarter was driven by delivering relevant and compelling product that consumers are demanding, focusing execution to maximize demand captured through direct-to-consumer channels, engaging consumers with authentic in a modern of product storytelling, executing marketplace management that set the table for high product sell-through and our dedicated employees working tirelessly to deliver strong results, despite the challenging environment. To achieve these results, we overcame both significant operational hurdles as well as macro pressures related to the ongoing pandemic. Steve will be providing more contexts on these unique dynamics later in today's call. We believe much of the strength we have seen in our business fiscal year to date is a result of our continued execution and dedication to our long-term strategies, including driving year-round demand for us through a diverse product assortment, accelerating consumer acquisition online, which increased 87% year-to-date across our portfolio of brands, prioritizing 18- to 34-year-old consumers, which have accounted for the largest percentage increase in our U.S. customer database this year, managing the wholesale marketplace strategically, which has continued to benefit UGG men's in the U.S. and it's progressing in EMEA, globalizing the HOKA ecosystem evidenced by the acceleration of international markets and spending responsibly to maintain high levels of profitability while deploying investments in these key strategic areas. While this last year has led to unique circumstances, allowing our brands to capitalize on positive momentum, our underlying strategies remain central to Deckers’ long-term growth and profitability profile. As we adapt our operating model to these accelerated trends, we continue to recognize the need for additional infrastructure investments, allowing us to sustain strengthen our business. More to share on that front during our year-end earnings call in May. I'll now walk you through the brand highlights from the quarter, starting with UGG. The double-digit global UGG growth rate in the third quarter was driven by the strength of the brands diversified and compelling product offering, which has been embraced by a broader range of consumers, momentum with younger and fashion-forward consumers, targeted digital marketing and PR activations, increased purchase frequency from consumers shopping across multiple product categories, significant brand heat in the U.S. with strong selling and sell-through across multiple wholesale accounts paired with exceptional DTC engagement, and traction with localized strategies for international markets beginning to rebuild brand heat within Europe and Asia. The UGG brand success, particularly in the U.S. is the result of the brand's long-term evolution as a leading global lifestyle brand through infusing brand DNA into new and expanding categories. More specifically, over the past four years, UGG has established an impressive resume of collaborations that have helped rebuild the brand fashion credibility. This includes recently announced collaborations with British designer, Molly Goddard, and New York based designer, Telfar Clemens. Combining buzzworthy collaborations, design innovation, and strategically managed distribution through product allocations, segmentation and differentiation, UGG has significantly reduced its reliance on core products while significantly expanding other categories. Evidencing the success of this strategy during the third quarter, women's Classic product volume remained flat year-over-year, while the brand experienced growth across every other major category, including women's non-Classic footwear highlighted by slippers and the Fluff franchise, men's footwear, particularly in the Neumel franchise inherited slippers, kids' footwear through fund variations of popular men's and women's product, and the new ready-to-wear collection, which was a resounding success this season and will be expanded upon next fall with additional products and partnerships. With this transformation beyond core products, the UGG consumer is becoming younger and more diverse. During the third quarter, UGG experienced a 44% increase in customers aged 18- to 34-year-old in the U.S., which was the largest increase of any group and represented the largest percentage of total customers. As UGG continues to expand its audience with younger consumers, it’s been critical to enhance the brand’s e-commerce engine and digital marketing expertise. The UGG e-commerce platform has continued to evolve as part of Deckers’ overall digital transformation, but it has also become a strategic driver of the product development process through exclusive products. By creating products exclusive to DTC, the UGG team is able to both develop special events that drive traffic as well as create a faster feedback loop to enhance future product success with targeted consumers. Momentum with younger consumers has been amplified by UGG earning year-round attention from the emergence of the Fluff franchise. Historically many consumers search for UGG products as weather turned colder. However, with the evolution of Fluff, which features year-round product, UGG is remaining top of mind with consumers. In fact, UGG brand search interest increased 18% for the entire calendar year 2020. We have also observed Fluff as a compelling acquisition vehicle for driving repurchase decisions in other categories. Specifically, our data highlighted many consumers who purchased Fluff earlier this year, returning to purchase the Classic Clear Mini this fall. With more frequent attention from consumers and effective utilization of consumer insights and data analysis, over the last nine months, we've witnessed an 89% increase in repeat purchasers as compared to the same period last year. With more consumers making multiple purchases, the value of the more than 2 million new customers acquired so far this year, it becomes even more impactful for the future growth trajectory of the UGG brand. As the UGG customer database grows, so does the strength of its insights provided by our centralized marketing teams. For example, consumer insights revealed that 18- to 34-year-olds in the U.S. were the driving factor behind the Neumel becoming a top global style for UGG in the third quarter. While volume growth of the style was impressive, even more exciting was the increase in 18- to 34-year-old purchasers of the Neumel, more than doubled over last year in our domestic DDC channel. With the insights developed around the Neumel consumer, we believe that the recently introduced men's Fluff product will also resonate well with this consumer. First launch in November, the men's Fluff It and Fluff You styles were modeled by NBA legend, Dennis Rodman, in the UGG brand’s Chaotic Fun campaign. The UGG team is excited by the positive PR impressions gained from men's Fluff, which sold out in its initial allocation online and it's selling well with key wholesale partners. From a regional standpoint as expected, growth in the third quarter was driven by the U.S. Where according to YouGov, UGG agreed new all time highs in brand consideration, purchase intent, brand impression, and brand buzz among women aged 18 to 34. Over the past three years, the UGG brand’s domestic business has added nearly $200 million to the third quarter alone, which we feel is a result of our successful strategy to build brand heat and tightly manage our segmentation and diversification efforts. While a great deal of the domestic strength this year has been driven by owned e-commerce performance, and this continued in the third quarter, pairs sold to UGG domestic wholesale partners during the fall season increased 42% versus last year. Because of the UGG marketplace strategy, wholesale success was broad-based. Given the strength of our sell-through at our wholesale partners this fall, UGG experienced very little promotional activity and season ending inventories in the market are at a historically low level. Internationally, UGG continues to see progress in the multi-year reset in EMEA. Over the last year, UGG has exited approximately 20% of wholesale accounts in Europe and significantly reduced the core Classic product in the marketplace. While revenue in Europe remained a strategic headwind in Q3 due to our ongoing marketplace reset and COVID-related challenges, margins improved as UGG drove a healthier product mix and reduced the need for promotional activity. Overall, we feel the UGG brand is headed in a positive direction in Europe, evidenced by fiscal year-to-date, online consumer acquisition increasing 97% over last year. With favorable consumer acquisition and strengthened strategic youth accounts in the region, we believe UGG could return to growth in EMEA next fiscal year. With the holiday season behind us, we are now shifting our focus towards growing brand heat and consumer attention for the spring and summer seasons. Clearly the strategy we have implemented over the past few years in the U.S. continues to pay dividends, and we are excited by this year's progress with international markets. We still have investments to make in order to rebuild brand heat in these international regions, but feel increasingly positive that our strategy to build diversified product acceptance through fashion credibility is working. Congratulations to the UGG team on executing a fantastic quarter. Shifting to HOKA, global performance was driven by strength in momentum across the brand's entire ecosystem. Among all access points, building the brand’s online consumer acquisition and retention has been a primary focus for HOKA. Through optimized digital marketing and geo-targeting, HOKA has managed to increase consumer acquisition online by 117% fiscal year-to-date, while also doubling consumer retention year-over-year. With a growing audience online and dedicated consumer replenishment trends, HOKA has been able to cross the $100 million DDC revenue mark in just the first nine months of fiscal year 2021. With this acceleration online, DDC revenue now represents nearly 30% of HOKA revenue fiscal year-to-date, up from 21% last year. Importantly, HOKA is also firing on all cylinders with wholesale partners as the brand has doubled both awareness and consideration among consumers outside of core runners. According to the NPD Group's retail tracking service, HOKA dollar sales in the U.S. run specialty channel increased 19% for the three months ending December 2020 compared to the same months over the prior year. This growth is despite overall dollar sales of adult running shoes sold through this channel decreasing 4% for the three months ending December 2020. For calendar year 2020, the brand’s top three strategic wholesale accounts sold more than $100 million of HOKA product at retail value, highlighting both the strength of these relationships and the relative size of the HOKA brand’s direct-to-consumer business. As we have discussed in the past, we are constantly evaluating HOKA distribution to ensure optimized consumer access points. Earlier this year, we began testing DICK'S Sporting Goods with the limited number of doors and product. And so far, the partnership has been mutually beneficial. This spring HOKA will be slowly increasing its door count with DICK'S, and we'll continue to evaluate as appropriate. Ideally, testing these additional access points for HOKA will expose the brand to a larger audience as we work to build further awareness and consideration. During the quarter, HOKA growth was powerful across the globe in every region. And we have been encouraged to see the brand’s international growth rate continued to outpace domestic. While revenue dynamics remain in favor of domestic due to the differences in distribution models, 54% of units in Q3 were sold internationally. This speaks to the HOKA brand’s global appeal and opportunity overseas as the brand expands. From a product standpoint, HOKA continues to be recognized with awards for its innovative technology and designs. Some of the awards received during the third quarter include the Clifton Edge being named Best Running Shoes in The Rolling Stone Essentials 2020. The BONDI 7 being named Best for Long Runs in Outside magazine's Best Running Shoes of 2021 Winter Guide. And the HOKA, GORE-TEX Shakedry Run Jacket being named Best Running Jacket in the 2021 Women's Health Fitness awards. We are proud to see not only core heritage HOKA products like the BONDI receiving recognition, but also new product innovations like the Clifton Edge and Shakedry Run Jacket, obtaining a claim. We are still in the very infancy of HOKA apparel, but it's promising to see such a positive response so early in the development process. On the innovation front, HOKA has been working to bolster its fly collection, which represents the brand's roster of speed shoes. We believe these lead with speed shoes are an important acquisition vehicle for younger consumers. And I'm excited to share some of the HOKA brands’ recent and upcoming launches in the category, including the Rocket X which launched in Q3, the Carbon X2 which launched in January, and the Mach 4 which launches in March. Similar to the original Carbon X that was worn by Jim Walmsley while setting a new world record 50 mile time in 2019, the X2 was launched with a world record breaking 100,000 attempt. While Jim was a few seconds shy of the world record this time, he shattered the American record and it was an incredible event to showcase the brand.  We know Jim will be back for more record-breaking attempts and believe this event further demonstrates the global opportunity that lies ahead for HOKA and our supporting athletes. Congratulations to Jim with this incredible achievement and thank you for showing us what is possible with HOKA performance. We believe that with continued innovation in the speed space, we'll continue to build awareness with consumers aged 18 to 34 and main consumer acquisition momentum, which fiscal year to-date has increased 167% versus last year in the 18 to 34 year old demographic in the U.S. With just under $400 million in revenue fiscal year-to-date, we're confident HOKA will cross the $500 million revenue milestone for fiscal year 2021. We look forward to sharing more around the HOKA growth path on our year-end earnings call in May. With respect to channel performance. In the third quarter, e-commerce growth was exceptional, helping to drive our mix of DTC revenue to 48% up from 44% last year. This is despite declines in retail and growth in the wholesale channel. From a comparable sales perspective, direct-to-consumer increased 34% versus last year, approximately 75% of our own retail stores were open for the entire third quarter, although in most cases with limited capacity due to enhanced health and safety protocols. In total global direct-to-consumer revenue increased 26% versus last year's third quarter.  Performance was driven by consumer acquisition online, partially offset by a deceleration of retail resulting from macro-pandemic pressures on store traffic. Global wholesale revenue in the third quarter increased 6% as compared to last year. Growth in the quarter was primarily driven by global HOKA and domestic UGG. With offsets from international UGG related to marketplace reset initiatives underway. In summary global demand for HOKA, domestic strengthened UGG, omni-channel execution and disciplined approach to strategic investment and an incredible display of resiliency by our employees operationally led Deckers to double-digit quarterly revenue and earnings growth in the midst of a pandemic.  On behalf of the entire leadership team. thank you to all of our employees across the globe. Your relentless result in getting the job done delivered these record results. I'll now hand the call over to Steve to provide more details in our third quarter financial performance, as well as some additional thoughts on the remainder of fiscal 2021 and beyond. Steve?
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave and good afternoon, everyone. As you just heard Decker's third quarter performance was incredibly strong and speaks well to the success of our strategies driving demand for our brands. While this year has been full of unique circumstances, our performance has been enabled by the work we have undertaken to transform Deckers to a digitally-led organization with strategically managed distribution channels and innovative product creation that consumers demand. I am proud of our organization's ability to effectively manage our resources, overcome operational obstacles, manage with financial discipline and achieve exceptional results in the face of adversity. I am confident that as we move forward and beyond the pandemic, our brands and organization are positioned to emerge with continued growth opportunities, strength and discipline. Before moving into our results for the quarter, I would like to start with a little context. Back on our second quarter earnings call, we laid out a number of tailwinds experienced in the first half of our fiscal year. These tailwinds included compelling products that are resonating with consumers in the current environment, accelerated adoption of e-commerce, our brands benefiting from consumer trends shifting toward casualization as people continue to work from home and heightened awareness of HOKA. With the results we just delivered, we were able to capitalize on these variables in the third quarter as well. We also discussed some potential headwinds that we anticipated could impact the third quarter as we stepped into our peak season. To quickly summarize, the assumed challenges were the potential for both owned and third-party shipping constraints. A second wave pandemic impact on operations. Limitations resulting from inventory purchase reductions at the onset of the pandemic. And finally higher shipping and warehouse costs related to increased safety and hazard pay as well as increased marketing costs to capitalize on brand momentum. And I am pleased to say that through some advanced planning early in the quarter, hard work on the part of our employees, close partnership with many of our accounts and a dedicated consumer base, we were able to mitigate much of the anticipated impact. More specifically, actions taken to address these headwinds were to bring on incremental shipping capacity with additional partners. Create greater utilization of DC by-passed shipments to wholesale customers, implement effective safety measures that helped limit our own retail store closures and allowed shipping to remain operational at our California distribution center for the duration of the quarter. In some cases shift consumer demand for out of stock items to other available products and a measured approach to managing spent during the quarter. Overall, the net impact of these factors helped to drive our exceptional results for the quarter. And our business was aided by demand that drove much stronger revenue than anticipated. Now for financial specifics, revenue in the third quarter was $1.078 billion up 15% versus the prior year. Performance as compared to last year was primarily driven by global UGG growth of 12% to $877 million, which was fueled by a domestic increase of 20%, partially offset by the continued international reset, but worth noting that we saw improving signs throughout the quarter. And global HOKA growth of 52% to $142 million, which experienced an 92% increase in DTC and a 40% increase with wholesale.  Gross margins in the third quarter were up 290 basis points over last year to 57%. The increase in gross margin was related to the strong full-price selling environment of UGG as demand far outweighed supply, helping significantly limit any promotional activity. Favorable channel mix as DTC increased as a proportion of the total business. Very limited wholesale close outs as demand outpaced supply for many styles and benefits from favorable exchange rates during the quarter. SG&A dollar spend was $285.2 million, up 13% from last year's $251.9 million. Higher spend was primarily driven by variable marketing, warehouse and logistic costs, and performance-based compensation partially offset by savings from lower travel and retail expenses. This all resulted in record earnings per share of $8.99 which compares to $7.14 in last year's third quarter. The $1.85 improvement versus last year, again was driven by increased revenue volume seen from the growth in UGG and HOKA brands, a higher proportion of full-priced UGG revenue and a higher mix of DTC revenue, favorable currency rates and SG&A leverage in the quarter as revenue accelerated much faster than expenses, with some offsets from greater spend on marketing, warehouse, and performance-based compensation, as well as the combined impacts of a higher tax rate and higher share count. Our year-to-date performance has delivered significant operating margin expansion in comparison to the same period last year. This has been driven by factors including, DTC mix increasing significantly, with the acceleration of our e-commerce business and while we still anticipate growth going forward, the magnitude of the shift is not anticipated to continue. A historically low promotional environment, resulting from very high demand, significantly minimizing, both discounting and close outs. And temporary operating expense savings with discretionary constraints employed early in the year at the onset of the pandemic. With these benefits partially offset by rising freight expense, that could go higher in the future and our strategic investment in marketing that we intend to continue fueling going forward. For the quarter our tax rate was 22.2% driven by higher mix of domestic and DTC business. Our balance sheet remains strong and as of December 31, cash and equivalents were $1.157 billion. Inventory was $305 million down 17% from $366 million at the same time last year. And we had no short-term borrowings under our existing credit line as compared to $6 million last year. Our existing credit lines have an available balance of $474 million. During the quarter we did not repurchase any shares. Earlier this year at the onset of the pandemic we paused our share repurchase activity, but now intend to recommence share repurchase under the existing $160 million outstanding authorization in future periods. As we continue to navigate the global pandemic, we will not be providing specific guidance on the fourth quarter, but we do want to highlight a few considerations as we look to finish out the fiscal year.  We expect revenue to grow in comparison to last year’s fourth quarter, more specifically on UGG. We see growth with our domestic business, as we lapped last year's impact of delayed and canceled wholesale orders and physical retail store disruption at the onset of COVID-19. But we continue to expect pressure on our international wholesale business as we are still in the midst of a marketplace reset. And on HOKA, we expect global growth as the brand continues to drive year-round demand and continue to see expectations of annual revenue exceeding the 500 million milestone. Then on costs, with the success we saw in Q3 and an ability to bring increased awareness to our Spring/Summer offerings, we plan to increase our marketing efforts, this will likely result in a significant increase in our marketing spend for the quarter. And as we continue to navigate the global pandemic, we continue to experience higher costs related to logistics and warehouse fulfillment. These include increased safety measures put in place at our distribution center, expedited freight to replenish inventory of depleted in-demand styles and accelerated spend to increased logistics capacity. In addition, with these strong results, we will see higher performance-based compensation costs related to our higher level of performance for the year. Therefore when factoring these considerations in and recognizing that Q4 represents one of our smaller revenue quarters, the spend increase will be disproportionate to revenue, all potentially resulting in a lower earnings per share for the quarter year-over-year, but still delivering strong results for the full year. Before I hand the call back to Dave, I would like to say how pleased we are with our fiscal year-to-date performance. Our teams have done an enviable job managing through operational and macro challenges while ensuring the long-term vision of the organization remains intact. Our brands are full of momentum. The company remains well positioned and we are prepared for the opportunities that lie ahead. Thanks everyone. And I'll now turn the call back to Dave for his closing remarks.
Dave Powers : Thanks Steve. To close today's call. I wanted to once again recognize our employees for staying committed to each other and to the success of our company throughout a year filled with uncertainty. I am so appreciative of how our teams rose to the occasion and enabled our brand to deliver exceptional results. Because of this hard work Deckers boast two of the strongest brands in the footwear industry that are both leaders in their respective spaces of fashion and athletic performance. While this year presented challenges and our strategies allowed us to capitalize on certain extraordinary circumstances there is no doubt our brands benefited from a unique consumer environment, where spending patterns shifted away from experiences and into products. As consumers look to brands and products that fit their needs for the current environment, we saw an acceleration of engagement with our brands. And as Steve noted in his comments, we believe the results just delivered will not be sustained at these levels in the longer run. As we return to a more normal environment and invest in our brand to continue to deliver growth globally. We will provide more insights regarding these investments on our fourth quarter call, but I think it's important to note in a year when we saw our accelerated growth, little to no promotion and constrained corporate spending while navigating a global pandemic, these results are exceptional.  At Deckers, we like to say, as our organization performs well, it enables us to do good. With that in mind, we've continued to enhance our ESG programs and increased both our charitable contributions and our employee hours donated well above last year. Doing good and doing great is that the core of Deckers values and is the primary reason behind our leadership in the ESG arena. Moving forward, I have the utmost confidence in our strategies, our portfolio of brands and exemplary operating model that now more than ever give credence to the long-term trajectory of Deckers brands. Thank you to all of our stakeholders for your continued support. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Camilo Lyon of BTIG. Please go ahead.
Camilo Lyon: Thanks. Good afternoon, everyone. Great job on the results today. Dave, just kind of dovetailing from what you – on your last comments were, question that we get a lot is how do you – how do we think that you will lap the strong demand that you've seen in slippers as past year? And how do you pivot away from the work-from-home categories that you've leveraged? Maybe if you could help us understand the categories and how the categories shifted during COVID and how they might shift back when normalization occurs? And then secondarily on gross margin, with HOKA now starting to really gain momentum and the margins of that business reaching scale apparently, how should we think about your long run gross margin outlook when your channel mix stabilizes?
Dave Powers: Yes, thanks, Camilo. Those are great questions. And the strength, first of all, the strength of the quarter in UGG with double-digit growth, which I think we all are excited to see, we haven't seen that in some time, is really driven by a diversified product offering. So it's – in past years we were talking about how much the Classics drove the business and how important weather was. And as you can tell, we didn't mention either of those specifically in the call and that's because we're seeing broad based success across all the categories in women's, but also in men's and kids and including apparel. Slippers is certainly a driver of the success of the Fluff franchise that continues to grow and provide upside for us, but core heritage slippers as well, such as Tasman and Ansley and Ascot. But Classics, as a core Classics business, whereas it's relatively flat and the growth came from non-Classic boots, such as the Classic Clear, the Ultra Mini and the Neumel. In fact, the Neumel this quarter globally was the number one style across all genders. And in the U.S., the men's Neumel was the number one style for the quarter in U.S. wholesale. So, it's great to see that our diversification efforts are paying off. Certainly there is a level of tailwind from COVID and the work-from-home environment, but what's exciting to see is we are bringing in, as we mentioned, a younger consumer. They're shopping more frequently. We saw consumers come into the franchise in Q2 that purchased on our websites, the Fluff product, but they came back in Q3 and they purchased the Classic Clear. And one of the things that I've learned in my tenure at the company here is that once a consumer is in UGG, they're always in UGG, and we're bringing in younger, more diverse consumers than we ever had before. And I think the long-term value of those consumers gives us real competence that if the slipper trend does continue – start to wane or the tailwind from COVID and work-from-home slows down a little bit, we have new consumers that have now fallen in love with brand in a different way than our prior consumers that were just for the Classic and went on occasion. It's much more fashionable now. Obviously, the collabs and the brand heat and the press that we're getting globally is putting us in a new light. We're now seen as a global fashion lifestyle brand, not just a boot brand. And I think with the innovation that the teams have and how we're evolving the slipper category to not just work-from-home, but from a fashion statement gives me real optimism in that as well. So the brand has never been stronger. I truly believe that. We're seeing demand outpaced supply in Q3. It's broad based across all categories and genders, head to toe, and that momentum we're starting to see in Europe in Asia as well just gives us real confidence that this isn't just a one-time COVID situation. It's a real strength of the brand across broad base. On the HOKA margin question, I'll let Steve answer that. But certainly, the HOKA margin is healthy for us. And as we drive more business online into our e-commerce and DDC channels, both for UGG and HOKA that benefits us. You saw the margin in the quarter, 57%. I believe that's probably an all time high for us in a quarter like this. And that's driven by a combination of full price sell-through at wholesale, and then obviously DDC mix and the strength of HOKA that's laying into that as well. So again, just broad base success gives us real confidence so we can continue down this path going forward. But Steve, do you want to add a little more color?
Steve Fasching: Yes. Camilo, probably just a little bit more color. In terms of, as we think about normalizing on the gross margin, I think in the quarter we saw about a 100 basis points due to promotion. As we think about that going forward, that would normalize. So we wouldn't necessarily see kind of really as much full price selling that we saw in the current quarter. And then we did have a little bit of channel mix and then FX, which is probably about another 100 basis points. And that we would also begin to see normalize as we get into kind of a more normal quarter with more promotion in a normal environment, and then not the FX lift that we saw in the current quarter either.
Dave Powers: Yes. So we're going to do everything we can to maintain these levels of channel mix and continue to drive upside in DTC. But longer term, it's hard to say at this point what the supply chain environment will look like overseas with tariffs and demand and logistics and other things that we'll have to consider. So there will be some headwinds in the future, but trust, we're doing everything we can to maintain healthy levels of margin.
Camilo Lyon: Great. Thank you for that color. So, Steve, just to clarify, that was 200 basis points in the quarter for the overall, right?
Steve Fasching: Yes. I would say 200 that would – due to the exceptional quarter that we would attribute, and then – and it always changes, right, as you think about promotion and how much. But I think the very clean quarter as we talked about in the prepared remarks, definitely contributed at least a 100 basis points. As I said, FX about 50 and then channel mix with the higher proportion of DTC, we would expect some of that to come back as there was a higher proportion of DTC selling in the current quarter.
Dave Powers: Yes.
Camilo Lyon: Got it. And if I could sneak one in, one last one in on HOKA. Dave, I think you said that over half the pairs are sold internationally, but that's not the mix from a dollars perspective.
Dave Powers: Yes.
Camilo Lyon: So clearly you're using distributors. What's the intention there to either bring those distributors sells to direct or more to a wholesale? How do you think about improving that profitability of those international direct sales?
Dave Powers: Yes. It's nothing to share on that front yet, but trust, it’s something we're taking a good look at longer term. We do believe that when we control markets that serves us better obviously from a margin and also consumer data perspective to have their DTC channel. So we're keeping close eye on that. There's a lot of heavy lifting that's involved in that and we'll share a little more color on investments going forward and to be able to maintain this level of growth. But it's certainly something that we're keeping a close eye on. In longer term, it's a great opportunity.
Camilo Lyon: Excellent. Congrats again on a great quarter.
Dave Powers: All right. Thanks, Camilo.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Komp of Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Yes. Hi. Great. Thank you. Maybe just a broader question on UGG to start. Dave, just given all the new customers you've brought into the brand domestically, and then getting past the distribution cleanup in Europe, just any broader stroke thoughts on how large do you think the opportunity here is for UGG as you look out into the future years?
Dave Powers: Yes, I think certainly the inventory levels, if you see how we've ended this quarter and how clean the channel is, that's going to serve us well going into next year and beyond. Like I said, the demand broad base globally is very, very strong. And the strength of what we're seeing now with – returned to growth in FY 2022 for Europe and then some opportunities that we're seeing in China, we're very optimistic about it. I think one of the things that we're learning and we learned over the last six months is the power of localized marketing efforts. And that's what you're seeing in both Europe and China to be driving adoption of new categories, such as Fluff, resetting the brand from a consumer perspective, and we're going to continue to invest to drive that growth. So we still think there's definitely growth in the UGG brand globally. And when you start looking at these new categories and the strength of men's, which was a driver this past quarter as well as kids and apparel, it's a very exciting proposition going forward.
Steve Fasching: Yes. I think just to add onto that, Jon. The diversity that we saw on a product in Q3 was really impressive.
Dave Powers: Yes.
Steve Fasching: So UGG had its most diverse selling quarter, probably ever.
Jonathan Komp: And more just near-term on UGG, when – how do you think about in a marketplace that supplies obviously less than demand for multiple styles? How should we expect that to play out from a wholesale order book perspective? And just thinking of the next fall, what the replenishment factor might look like?
Dave Powers: Yes. We’re obviously not going to share any details of that on this call. We'll have a little more color in the next call. But just as you said, there is great demand out there. And what's impressive about it is it’s diversified across consumer and category by our account segmentation. And the teams have done an amazing job of segmenting our distribution and then supplying them with relevant products. So in the past where everybody was clamoring to get their hands on the Classic, each account now has a different assortment that works for them and we're servicing them more specifically than we ever had before. So that bodes well for the order book. They're seeing new opportunities with younger consumers. And as I said, men’s, when you start looking at folks like Genesco and Foot Locker group, there's great opportunity to expand into new consumers and styles. So at this point that's the best way to look at it, but the demand is certainly very, very strong.
Jonathan Komp: Understood. Appreciate the colors. Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yes. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez of Citi. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Hey, guys. Thanks. Just wanted to ask about inventory, down a ton. Curious how much of that was planned versus whether you’re might be seeing some supply chain disruption. Is that a function of just stronger sell-throughs? Maybe if you could talk about how you're planning inventory over the next couple of quarters. And then also curious about the HOKA business. If you could give us an update on the apparel initiative, where are you in terms of building the design talent? When should we expect to see a greater emphasis on a push into the apparel category? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yes, you bet, Paul. So on the inventory side, the intentional side of this was on the international regions. We talked about with the transformation of the European market cleaning up their inventory, creating more of a pull model, particularly in Classics. So our inventory levels were expected to come down and there that the strength of the brand and the demand helped us get there faster than we anticipated, but that was by design. And then also in Asia, specifically, China cleaning up the channel there as well. So those were work of the teams in those regions. We’re focused on anticipating, but the demand helped us accelerate that even further. Steve, I'll let you comment on the total company.
Steve Fasching: Yes. So Paul, kind of as we saw total company down, it was really all brands except for HOKA. HOKA’s inventory was up. But as you would expect with the brand growing kind of over 50%, trying to just keep pace with that growth is a challenge. I think from an inventory perspective, as Dave said, lower than what we thought, but helped us kind of chase incremental sales. Going forward, there are still disruptions in the supply chain. So we'll be working to bring inventory kind of as quickly as we can as we continue to see demand. So that'll be an area that we're working very closely with our suppliers, really to make sure that we're getting inventory in. So as we've depleted it, as we've seen inventory levels in the channel significantly lower, it's a big focus of our supply chain to manage that inventory and manage that incoming inventory. So pleased with the position, but also know it's lower than what we expected and so how do we replenish it really going forward.
Dave Powers: Yes. And I think it gives us a great opportunity to kind of reset in the channel. And I know the teams are working on that. It also allows us to get orders in earlier which will help with our supply chain in our production going into this year, which we know will be challenging, but we're getting ahead of that because of the current situation. But it allows us to really set the channel the way we want it to be and to maintain the strengths and then the positioning of the brand and control it better by distribution type, whether it's DTC or wholesale or depending on the account in wholesale. So it's an enviable position for us to be in and we're going to take advantage of it as best we can. On the HOKA side, what we said before still holds true. We see this as a $1 billion brand with footwear doing the majority of that business and we're still focused on that. Wendy, the President of the HOKA brand, myself and the rest of the LT are evaluating the apparel opportunity. We do believe longer term that this is a significant opportunity for us, but you're looking two to three years out before it has a real meaningful impact. But we want to do it right. We want to make sure that we do hire the right design talent to your point, and that we have the operational and distribution tactics in place to be able to do it in a quality way. We're known for the innovation and the bold approach to footwear. And we need to have the right design talent and supply chain to be able to do that also in apparel and it's something that we're very excited about. And as we talk about investments going forward, apparel, not just in HOKA, but also in UGG is going to be a key area of investment for us over the next couple of years.
Paul Lejuez: Got you. Thanks. Just a follow-up. Can you talk a little bit about the UGG business within China to what you're seeing there in terms of what's working, what's not? How you feel about the marketing? And how you plan to invest in that region over the next couple of quarters?
Dave Powers: Yes, that's a great question. A year ago – two years ago now actually, a year has gone by so fast, Stefano, our Leader of Omnichannel, Andrea, the President of the UGG brand, and the leadership team involved with China and then the brand here, put a plan in place to transform that business. It was traditionally a Classics driven approach or business there. It still is for an enlarged part, but with the focus on localized marketing, on utilizing local influencers, creating excitement around the Fluff franchise and other fashionable styles, such as the UGG Classic Clear, which blew out in no time in China, we're starting to see a turnaround in that business. And again, it's beyond the Classic, it's new, fresh exciting styles from a fashion perspective. The impression of the brand is improving based on the localized marketing efforts and the influencers that we're using there. And this quarter was successful from an inventory cleanup, both for ourselves and our partners over there, which again allows us to set the channel going into FY 2022 the way we want to see it and make sure that we're still driving healthy full price sales at a diversified offering. And we're confident that we continue on that path, but it is going to take investment. And as Steve mentioned in the script, we're starting to reinvest in this quarter, Q4. We were a shy in investment last year for obvious reasons. But now in Q4 and going in FY 2022, China is going to be a pretty significant focus for us in investments, not just in UGG, in marketing, but also to get HOKA off the ground in a real meaningful way.
Paul Lejuez: Got it. Thank you, guys. Good luck.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Sam Poser of Williams Trading. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser: Yes, I changed my name to yours, Dave.
Dave Powers: I like that.
Sam Poser: Happy New Year. A couple of questions. Number one, how should we think – I mean, given the clean inventory and everything else, and the way of the momentum of these brands, should we consider the gross margin in the fourth quarter to have a similar year-over-year increase in basis points. And then the same question with SG&A. You said the SG&A is going to be elevated. Is that going to be in line sort of with the percent change we saw in Q3? Or is that going to be higher than that?
Steve Fasching: Yes, I'll take that, Sam, first. So on the SG&A, it's going to be more, right. Because we've been holding back really kind of through the pandemic as Dave just said. And even as we've looked at marketing, now I think with the success that we're seeing with the brands, the need to invest more.
Dave Powers: And to drive spring business as well.
Steve Fasching: Yes. So we're looking at how you can drive an increased kind of spring-summer business year-over-year. And that is contributing to a disproportionate increase in the SG&A spend in Q4. So again, haven't given full guidance, but expect that to be seen in Q4. Then on the gross margins, I would not extrapolate what we saw in Q3 from a gross margin perspective year-over-year into Q4. I think some of the tailwinds that we saw in Q3 were much bigger than what we would anticipate in Q4. So I wouldn't necessarily increase Q4 gross margins like you saw in Q3. We won't be getting – we'll get some, but not the extent that you saw in Q3.
Dave Powers: And I would say from an investment standpoint in SG&A, we do have – we believe we have a significant opportunity in spring and summer business, particularly for the UGG brand that's obvious than HOKA, but we want to take advantage of this time right now with the momentum in that brand to really drive success in spring and summer this quarter. Obviously we're looking at the full-year results, which will be exceptional based on Q3. But we want to make sure that we're continuing to invest to drive opportunities for the long-term.
Sam Poser: Thanks. And then lastly, just some housekeeping stuff. Could you give us either the wholesale or the direct-to-consumer by brand either the absolute dollars for Teva, UGG, Sanuk, HOKA and so on, please?
Steve Fasching: Yes. Okay. So wholesale sales in Q3 for UGG call it $408.9 million, HOKA was call it $101 million, wholesale Teva was $12.1 million, Sanuk was $3.8 million and this is in millions and then other brands was $32.2 million. 
Dave Powers: And then you can back into DTC.
Sam Poser: Okay. Thanks so much. Appreciate it.
Dave Powers: Okay. Sure. Thanks Sam. 
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Nikic of Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Tom Nikic: Hi everybody. Thanks for taking my question. So when I look at UGG for the quarter and then I guess beyond, I know you said UGG growing, but I was wondering if you could contextualize that a little bit. It would seem between the easy compare, the brand momentum, the channel inventories being extremely low, like you talked about on the call, which would give an opportunity for some restocking, the strength in the fluff, in the spring style. It would seem like this could end up being like a really, really strong UGG quarter. So I was just kind of wondering if you could contextualize a little bit in how you think about it for Q4 and maybe into early FY 2022.
Steve Fasching: Yes, I think Tom it's a little bit hard. It's again, why we're not giving guidance. We see opportunity, we're also dealing as I kind of mentioned on the previous question, some supply constraints with bringing inventory in and so forth, so that's affecting Q4. So we're really not in a position to give a lot. We see, clearly it's something like we've said when we were approaching the fall-winter season, the demand is there. The opportunity is there. We still have to manage through kind of inventory, bringing inventory in, expediting inventory. And that's really why we're not giving kind of more specifics. The opportunity is there for UGG, but there are some constraints in the system as we continue to kind of navigate the current environment. So I would just say, the opportunity to do more is there, but there are other constraints that will provide headwinds against the ability to meet the demand that's out there right now.
Dave Powers: And still a very uncertain environment, we still have store closes in the UK and sporadically across the world. And we're going to be coming into Q1 up against last year's pandemic and that's mixed results based off category and region, and channels. So there's a lot to navigate still, but you can't deny the demand and the strength of the brand at the current time, but we just have to balance that out, the fact that we're still in an uncertain environment.
Tom Nikic: Got it. And just a quick follow-up, Dave when I look at the balance sheet, I see almost $1.2 billion of cash and obviously some good cash generation for the business overall. And I know you said you're looking to restart to the buyback program. Would there be a scenario where M&A would start to become more appetizing to you to have a sort of third leg of the stool so to speak or is that not in the cards right now?
Dave Powers: Yes. Tom, I think it's a good question. And clearly it's we're having a lot of conversation around capital allocation with the cash that we have on hand. Now having our strongest quarter of the year behind us and having an exceptional result for the quarter gives us opportunity to look at a number of things and so that is what we're doing right now. More conversations with management and board in terms of capital allocation, I would say just more to come, but recommencing our share repurchase is a good start to that. 
Steve Fasching: Yes. And I think, listen we have incredible opportunities with organic growth with our brands. And we need to make sure that first and foremost we're executing on that opportunity. And that includes global expansion, continued extension of HOKA particularly in China, which we're really just getting started still. Apparel opportunities and then also the necessary infrastructure to support the kind of growth both for our DTC channels globally and logistics to wholesale. So as we continue to look at where to invest our money, we feel like the first place is organic growth opportunities, and talent and resources, and our digital transformation. M&A is something we're certainly always keeping an eye on, but honestly I think smaller with high growth potential is more in our warehouse than a big transformative acquisition.
Tom Nikic: Understood. Well, congratulations on a great quarter and a great year. And talk to you soon.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: The next question comes from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group. Please go ahead.
Dana Telsey: Good afternoon everyone and congratulations on the quarter and the success. As you think about the marketing spend which is increasing where's the marketing spend going, what have you seen in terms of marketing expense in particular through any channels where you may see higher returns? And then on average costs, any change in average cost in terms of what you're seeing on product? And then lastly, on the shipments and shipping surcharges, how much is that impacting next quarter as compared to this quarter in terms of what you're seeing? Thank you.
Steve Fasching: Yes. Thanks Dana. On the marketing side, I believe this is a real strength of Deckers and the way we set up our marketing spend is a centralized team that manages all of our spent for our brands globally, by region, by channel and consumer type. And we manage that very closely as a leadership team. We review that those numbers on an ongoing basis and are continually fine tuning the dials to optimize spend. Digital spend is obviously what's driving a great deal of our business. But I also have to give credit to the PR teams across our brands that are just doing an amazing job of creating brand heat at the top of the funnel. And then we're driving that down to our DTC channels through effective marketing tactics. Obviously we have all the traditional marketing channels that we've been using over the years, everything from Facebook, and email, and Instagram, but we did some great tests over the last six months with Snapchat and Pinterest and using influencers, then consumer generated content. And those are all paying off extremely well also. So just getting more targeted, more specific with our trend – sorry, our spend by channel and consumer type and then as I said putting more into the regions with more localized content leveraging local user-generated content in those regions and then amplifying the strength of our reach through localized channels, particularly in China, where they have different channels than we do in the U.S. But the philosophy, the approach, the financial guardrails around our marketing spent and expected return on investment is managed essentially across the globe. And then we have fantastic teams on ground in regions who are localizing it for the best return.  So we're going to continue to invest in marketing, if you think about it, even at the rates we're spending now, we still haven't really invested to the extent we should, in men's particularly outside of the U.S. or apparel and particularly in China, there's still a lot of opportunity for us to invest in UGG, but certainly in HOKA to drive awareness of that brand. So it's working, it's very productive and there's a lot more opportunity for us to drive growth through increased marketing spent. 
Dave Powers: And then Dana, just to answer, I think the other two questions were on average selling price. So average selling price for the company is actually going up and that's being driven by HOKA and the higher proportion of DTC business. So as that proportion has increased and a higher proportion of HOKA it is driving our ASP. Now within UGG, where you have kind of in corresponding channels, you will have a slight decrease as diversity has increased and we're selling more product and lower price product. So interesting dynamics overall, again driving higher ASPs but some dynamics within the brand in a healthy way, driving kind of diversity of product. And then your question on shipping costs. And this relates a little bit to a previous question about gross margin for quarter four. On a proportional basis we're seeing higher expedited shipping costs as we're trying to bring in inventory due to the depleted inventory that we currently have. So that's going to be a headwind on the gross margin as you look at Q4, because again on a proportional basis we'll be looking to increase that.
Dana Telsey: Thank you.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Dana.
Operator: And the last question for today will be Jim Duffy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jim Duffy: Thank you guys and great execution through it all. 
Dave Powers: Thanks Jim.
Jim Duffy: Actually I wanted to talk about international markets, Dave really encouraging to hear you're expecting growth for EMEA in fiscal 2022. I know a big part of the success in North America has been through diversifying the consumer base. Are you seeing similar success with the customer base in EMEA and Asia? Are you seeing the same kind of uptake with men in same side of – same kind of age group diversification?
Dave Powers: Yes, it's a good question, Jim. And we are starting to see signs of that. We've traditionally in Europe, particularly and really driven by the UK have had just kind of a core consumer, a little bit older consumer and that's why you saw the business stagnate over the last few years. But with the focus on a more diverse consumer and speaking to them in a really authentic way, making sure that we are showing up in the right points of distributions, such as JD Sports and Foot Locker, and ASOS in the UK, and also Zalando across Europe and then just showing more exciting, fresh, relevant product on influencers, it's having a positive impact. And what's encouraging to me is we're starting to see younger consumers come in to the brand for the first time through fashion product. It's not the traditional classic that they're buying for the first time they're buying Fluff, they're buying Classic Clear, they're buying Ultra Mini. So it's a new way to enter the brand, it's a much more fun and fashionable consumer that's coming into the brand and they're seeing more wearing opportunities versus just when the cold weather hits and putting on their classic boot. So we're starting to see early days of that, the slipper and the fluff phenomenon was slower to take hold in Europe and Asia, but we did start to see that over the last three to six months in those markets. And it certainly increased opportunity as we go into FY 2022 in those international markets. The other areas, as I said the Ultra Mini and the Classic Clear, but also rain is a great category for us and we're starting to see a lot of traction there, we've had some production issues with our rain boots in the past, but now that we're bringing those to market, we're seeing great success there as well. So we do believe that the playbook so to speak that has enabled the growth in North America, 20% growth in North America for the quarter is a playbook that will serve us well in international. We're starting to see early signs of success. 
Jim Duffy: Great. And then that I was pleased and frankly surprised to hear the Neumel was the number one style globally. Are you seeing a balanced penetration of that across region the through, is that more of a North American phenomenon with some catch up to be done in other international markets?
Dave Powers: Yes, it's similar to what we're seeing with a lot of our new revenue drivers as it takes hold in the U.S. first and then we see a trickling into the European and international – Asia-Pacific market. So we've been driving the Neumel business pretty hard in North America. It hadn't really taken hold in the international markets until the last three to six months. So it's an emerging opportunity for us in those markets, which is great. And again the strength of the men's Neumel and also we have a women's Neumel, so the combination of those two styles gives us great opportunity going forward. And it's also a style that is a really exciting when you start thinking about iterations on that and creating seasonal styles with materials and collabs and things of that sort – I think it's going to be a stylist got a tremendous runway for us going forward.
Jim Duffy: Thank you. Then, Steve. I know there's been a lot of questions around the inventory but I'm just curious on the mechanics, specific to the December quarter were you able to pull forward receipts to deliver some of that upside in the third quarter? Or was that not how we should think about it, it was really just consuming inventory that was already on the books. And I'm curious in that December quarter did you indeed consume any of the air freight expense? And then is there a way that you can put some shape around the airfreight impact to the margins in the fourth quarter?
Steve Fasching: Yes. Good question, I think you had multiple so I try to unpack some of that. In terms of what happened in Q3. I would say we consumed mostly inventory that we had or inbound inventory that came in and went out in the quarter. And that's why you're seeing inventory down kind of nearly 17%. So it was more about selling out the inventory that we had. We also, as I mentioned kind of shifted some of the orders to in-stock inventory, so that helped lower inventory too. So where we didn't have inventory and an inability to bring it in or have it coming in Q3, shift some of that into product that we did have, that was a successful move. And then in talking about kind of Q4, we're still working through components of that, as I said as a proportion again, the expedited amount that will be coming in Q4 will be higher, remember but Q3 is a much bigger quarter. So not necessarily giving direction on a specific gross margin, but I think where your question was in relationship to one of the previous questions was can we proportionately flow the same level of lift in Q3 or similar into Q4? And I'm saying, no, don't do that, because of our depleted inventory, as we're shifting to more spring and summer, trying to get that inventory in we are having to expedite it. We're still working through some disruptions in the supply chain. So we haven't necessarily quantified, but I would say as you're thinking to build out Q4, I would not extrapolate Q3.
Dave Powers: Those headwinds exist.
Jim Duffy: No doubt, I was hoping you could quantify the airfreight impact in Q4. And then maybe related to that, are you expecting the airfreight to continue to have consequences you didn't for the first half of fiscal 2022 into?
Steve Fasching: Yes, I think potentially I think there is a disruption. I can tell you in Q3, the headwind of FX on the gross margin was probably 20 basis points to 50 basis points. And so on a gross margin basis, I would think that will be bigger in kind of Q4, again on a comparable basis. I don't see things getting better in the next six months.  So I think for the foreseeable future, we're going to continue to have kind of disruptions in the supply chain. I think there's pressure on factories to get product out, there's pressure on shipping companies to get ships across the ocean.
Dave Powers: Cost of containers are going up. 
Steve Fasching: There's issues within logistics, within the ports of moving containers and then just getting it to your warehouse and then trying to turn it around. So at multiple steps, we're still seeing headwinds now, I think did a very good job in Q3, but it took a lot. If things aren't getting better, like we have not seen things get better at this point.
Dave Powers: The silver lining is that brands are strong, so the customers, although they are disappointed, they're willing to wait to get the product because the demand for it is so strong, but the costs are still there. 
Steve Fasching: And sorry Jim, just to clarify, I misspoke. I think I said FX it's freight, freight was at 20 basis points to 50 basis points, sorry. 
Jim Duffy: Yes. So that makes more sense. Oh, well, great guys. Thank you so much and congratulations on the great quarter.
Dave Powers: Thanks Jim. Take care. 
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. And the Deckers Brands third quarter fiscal 2021 earnings conference call. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2020-10-29 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Second Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you queue-up for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Erinn Kohler, VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Planning. Ms. Kohler, please go ahead.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding the impact of COVID-19 on our business and operations, business partners and industry, changes in consumer behavior in the retail environment, strength of our brands and demand for our products, changes to our product allocation, distribution, and inventory management strategies, changes to our marketing plans and strategies, investments in our business, our anticipated revenues, brand performance, product mix, gross margins, expenses, and liquidity position, and our potential repurchase of shares. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management’s current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks and uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings including in the Risk Factors section of its Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I’ll now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining the call. On behalf of Deckers, I hope everyone is doing well and staying safe in this unprecedented time. Today we will walk through an exceptional second quarter performance for the Deckers organization and highlight continued considerations related to the uncertain environment created by the COVID-19 pandemic. Amidst rapidly evolving marketplace conditions, Deckers delivered a record second quarter as revenue increased by 15% versus last year to $624 million. Gross margin increased by 80 basis points to 51.2% and we delivered earnings per share of $3.58. Success in the quarter was driven by compelling and innovative product launches, our powerful e-commerce and digital marketing engines that drove higher awareness and customer acquisition, optimization and redeployment of marketing spend that featured in our authentic approach to storytelling, a clean and well managed marketplace that allowed for strategic account partnerships to amplify special product releases, and the ability of our supply chain to pivot resources and navigate challenges. While the COVID-19 outbreak put a spotlight on our brands due to their lifestyle resonance, these results more importantly highlight the strength of our brands and the positive impacts we have experienced from the successful execution of our strategy over the past few years. As a reminder, the key elements for our strategy include generating greater awareness in HOKA ONE ONE to accelerate customer adoption globally, which was demonstrated by a 60% increase in brand revenue during the first half, driving DTC customer acquisition across all five of our brands with product and marketing tailored to the 18 to 34-year-old demographic, highlighted by 182% increase in these customers year-to-date in the U.S., continuing to build UGG brand heat [ph] through diversification of product that resonates with target consumers leading to low-levels of promotional activity, while selling a more balanced product assortment, and maintaining a disciplined approach to financial management even as we continue to invest in this strategy. The successful implementation of this strategy has led to the strong operating model and powerful brand portfolio we have today. With brands and products are resonating with a larger and more diverse audience, we're experiencing high conversion rates and strong selling at full retail price, which will set the stage for future growth. Our in-demand brands omnichannel capabilities and strategic expense management, combined with exceptional organizational execution drove another successful quarter for Deckers. I'd like to share my appreciation to our employees for their dedication and consistency in delivering results in these challenging times. I'll now walk through the brand highlights from the quarter starting with the Fashion Lifestyle Group. The Fashion Lifestyle Group consists of the UGG and KOOLABURRA brands. Global outperformance was driven by momentum behind a healthier and more balanced product assortment. Historically the second quarter had been driven by filling in classic UGG product to wholesale accounts. With the excitement the brand has built around Fluff, Men's and Kids product, UGG is succeeding beyond core product with both selling and high full price sell-through at wholesale and DTC. Fluff is the paramount example of the progress UGG is making to attract a diverse set of consumers with a broad array of product options. The Fluff Yeah remained the brand's top-selling style from both the total peers' perspective, as well in terms of wholesale sell-through. But the UGG team has also done a fantastic job building around the Fluff Yeah with complementary product that is providing incremental growth. New introductions during the quarter included the Disco Slide and Fluffita, which were both among the top-10 styles purchased by customers aged 18 to 34 years old. UGG is having tremendous success attracting new younger consumers. While Fluff product may have been the primary attraction to the brand for 18 to 34-year-olds, we're excited by how many of these customers who bought Fluff also purchased the recently launched Classic Clear Mini. Since its release over 60% of the Classic Clear Mini purchases online have been made by 18 to 34-year-olds. This multi category produced activity from younger consumers speaks well to the brand's ability to capture share of closet with fashion minded consumers. Helping to amplify these new product introductions with their intended audience, the UGG DTC team has collaborated with key wholesale partners to develop strategic launch plans for special products. During the quarter, these included teaming up exclusively with the Victoria's Secret Pink Ambassador program to release the Fluffita and launching the UGG brand's first ever ready-to-wear apparel collection in partnership with Nordstrom. Ready-to-wear, which we sometimes refer to as RTW, is the UGG brand's first apparel expansion beyond loungewear an into street wear fashion. The RTW collection features cozy fleece, Sherpa [ph], full fur and Sherling wardrobe items. Highlighting the strength of our brand, demand for our products, and quality of our partnerships, Nordstrom featured the RTW collection on their website landing page, which was the first time UGG earned that designation outside of the forward category. In addition, our ready-to-wear and retail teams have worked closely with Nordstrom to create a specialized shop-in-shop concept to feature the collection of both Nordstrom New York City flagship in December as well our own New York City flagship which opens on November 19. While ready-to-wear is not expected to drive significant revenue volume this year, sell-through has been impressive and we're encouraged to see cross category purchasing of ready-to-wear and footwear products. Given the positive response from primarily younger consumers, we feel this speaks well to the long-term lifestyle opportunity for UGG and our teams are already working to expand ready-to-wear with additional products and partners. Continuing the theme of UGG diversification and cross category purchasing, I'd highlight that men's and kids product contributed to the majority of the brand's incremental dollar growth in the quarter. Men's has had a strong start to the fall season. Neumel sell-through is up over 150% versus last year and heritage slipper styles such as the Ascot, Tasman and Scuff remained top sellers. With the success of the fluff and the increased fashion ability of the slipper category, UGG is releasing a men's specific version of Fluff very soon, so be on the lookout for that. As mentioned on our first quarter call, the UGG kids business is benefiting from the successful takedown product in both women's and men's. The Neumel Fluff Yeah Slide and the Classic Clear Mini were all part of the top-5 kids style in the quarter and we will look to further capitalize on this trend during holiday. From a regional standpoint, we continue to see bifurcation between the U.S. and international regions. Within the U.S. UGG brand heat is reaching new highs as the brand has increased customer acquisition by 187% and customer retention by 155% versus last year, with majority of the growth coming from younger customers. In fact, 18 to 34-year-olds represented 40% of online purchasers in the U.S. during the quarter as compared to under 30% last year. Complementing the UGG brand's direct to consumer success, our wholesale partners are also experiencing record levels of demand and product sell-through rates, which may lead to some scarcity in the third quarter as reduced inventory levels are consumed. Internationally, as we have mentioned in previous calls, UGG remained in the midst of a multiyear reset in EMEA and the brand is also in the early stages of localizing marketing content for the Asia-Pacific region. In Europe we're seeing positive signs where the brand is beginning to experience adoption of Fluff product in addition to some small growth within men's and kids footwear. We are also intentionally reducing the amount of core classic product in the region, which remains a strategic headwind. These are important shifts as we work to rebuild brand heat and diversify the European region away from core product and build a healthier product mix, akin to the successful transition we have made in the U.S. Beyond building a more balanced assortment, UGG is working to amplify the EMEA region's business online. To help drive digital conversion in EMEA, we recently implemented our global E project, which improves customer access and ease of use by offering additional languages, currency, and local payment types. The launch of global E [ph] combined with the introduction of UGG rewards in Europe is already helping attract new customers as UGG experienced a 135% increase in customer acquisition during the second quarter. In the Asia Pacific region, we've made strides by partnering with top tier local celebrity, Xiao-Dong Yu, who carries fashion credibility with a fan base primarily aged 20 to 30 years old. We've also developed a market relevant product collaboration with designer Feng Chen Wang, famous for her deconstructive approach as featured in Vogue and GQ. These initiatives are aimed at improving brand perception with Chinese consumers and bringing attention to new products. We're encouraged by the region's positive reception to new products like the Classic Clear, Fluffita and Disco Slide, but there is still plenty of work to be done to build brand E. We are optimistic about some early indicators in the UGG brands international business, revenue declined as expected for the first half of fiscal 2021, primarily due to efforts to reduce core product in the marketplace. While we don't anticipate meaningful improvement during this year of transition, UGG is making important progress and building a new foundation of diversified product acceptance, localized market relevance, and strategic partnerships, all designed to build a healthier brand with the ability to deliver growth over the long term.  The UGG brand's domestic success is built on this model of fashion credibility through authentic collaborations, social influencers and PR seeding, and we believe this approach will translate well to our international markets. First half performance gives us the confidence that we're on the right path of exploiting the strategy, building towards next year and beyond. Moving to Koolaburra, performance in the first quarter resulted from increased market share with top wholesale partners as well as improved category diversification through the expansion of men's and kids product. Last year Koolaburra established itself as the top brand in the sub $100 category which competes within the family value channel, and will look to maintain that position by building incremental market share this holiday season. While footwear remains the primary focus, Koolaburra continues to expand its lifestyle appeal. This fall the brand has partnered with Kohl's and QVC to develop a licensed loungewear collection, which comes on the heels of last year's successful collection of home licensed product. Both UGG and Koolaburra are well positioned to drive demand with their respective customer bases during this holiday season. However, I would like to remind everyone that we adjusted certain inventory buys at the outset of this year to mitigate the effects of COVID-19 in our business and this will limit the upside for both UGG and Koolaburra this holiday. However, if either brand fails to capture incremental upside due to these inventory constraints, we expect this will provide a clean marketplace for fiscal 2022 Shifting to the Performance Lifestyle Group, which is comprised of HOKA, Teva and Sunak. Starting with HOKA, performance was driven by increased adoption of our products through greater brand and product awareness, combined with compelling product refreshes, and a fast replenishment cycle. Among Deckers investments over the past few years, broadening the HOKA brands appeal beyond core runners has been a primary focus. Through market leading innovation, the HOKA team has refined products and expanded categories to attract a larger audience, while also maintaining the brand's authentic performance DNA. During the Quarter HOKA launched updates to several key franchises, each infused with both innovation and design upgrades, including the Clifton 7, Clifton Edge, Rincon 2, and the BONDI 7. Regarding the Clifton franchise, these styles have received considerable positive PR, which included features in Vogue, Gear Patrol and GQ, and SELF's 2020 Certified Sneakers Award. For the Rincon, originally introduced in July of 2019, the style has quickly become a top five seller for HOKA. The second edition of the Rincon has been so well received that it recently won Runner's World, Best Value Award, in their autumn, winter 2020 shoe guide. And lastly, in terms of notable product refreshes, the BONDI 7 hit shelves in September and features the brand's most inclusive size range, helping to expand the addressable consumer base for HOKA. Since its release online, the BONDI 7 has been the HOKA brand's top selling style. Propelled by these product updates and innovations HOKA domestic wholesale returned to deliver meaningful second quarter growth after the first quarter was disrupted by pandemic induced store closures. As mentioned in our first quarter called, HOKA delayed certain product launches to allow wholesalers to move to existing product, which provided an extra benefit to the brand's second quarter wholesale revenue growth. According to the NPD Group's retail tracking service, HOKA was able to both grow dollar volume and increase market share from 16.8% in August to 20.5% in August 2020, even though overall dollar sales of adult running shoes in the U.S. run specialty channel declined in August 2020, as compared to last year. The premium service atmosphere of Run Specialty stores remains an important acquisition vehicle for the HOKA brand, especially when considering the higher conversion rates experienced when customers try on our products. Globally, HOKA customer acquisition and retention online increased 81% and 92% respectively, as compared to last year, even though most of the brand's wholesale doors were open during the quarter. Part of these increases were due to the whole marketing team's efforts to optimize digital media targeting to acquire 18 to 34-year-old consumers. By strategically prioritizing this audience, HOKA experienced a 124% increase of consumers aged 18 to 34, led by recently released styles such as the Clifton 7, Clifton Edge and Rincon 2. Importantly, HOKA is driving direct-to-consumer growth across the globe. While still very small as compared to the U.S., international HOKA DTC has increased more than 150% in the first half of this year. Growing the brand's global online business is especially important as the inability to hold in-person events persist. We're dedicating marketing spend to build a HOKA audience online and stay relevant with existing consumers, through compelling product innovation. As we said in our first quarter earnings call, the $500 million milestone for HOKA is much closer than we previously anticipated. And with the brand heat in demand we're experiencing right now, HOKA has potential to reach $500 million by fiscal year end. The rapid acceleration of HOKA reaffirms our confidence in the brand's aspirations to eclipse the $1 billion mark over the longer term. Turning to Teva, growth in the brand was fueled by a 78% increase in acquired customers online. Teva is turning out to be the go to brand for the modern outdoor consumer, highlighted by the brand's founding roots in the Grand Canyon. Year-to-date through September, Teva maintained its position as the top outdoor water sandal brand in the U.S. in terms of market share, increasing market share over the last year in each of the past nine months according to the NPD Group's retail tracking service. Younger consumers have been the driving force behind this growth in Teva and the brand has experienced a 76% year-over-year increase in purchasers aged 18 to 34 years old, which was already the brand's highest indexing age bracket. Looking to fall, Teva is focused on capturing continued wallet share from this demographic to the brand's expanded hike and camping collections. Teva is already experiencing a surge in demand for the brand's Ember [ph] franchise, both online and with key wholesale partners such as REI, where product will be featured across all doors in their fleet. For Sanuk, brand performance was hurt by a soft department store channel. However, we were encouraged by the recovery within surf specialty as coastal towns saw an increased outdoor participation. Importantly, Sanuk posted a second consecutive quarter of robust direct to consumer growth, which was helped by a 40% increase in customer acquisition online. We are excited to receive feedback from the brand's online audience as Sanuk will be introducing new product innovations in the coming months. With respect to channel performance in the second quarter, all five of our brands experienced exceptional growth online driving our mix of DTC revenue to increase from 18% last year to 28% this year. This is despite the significant improvements in our wholesale business and inclusive of the recovery efforts within our own retail stores, as compared to the disruption experienced in the first quarter. From a comparable sales perspective, direct-to-consumer increased 86% versus last year. Approximately 95% of our own retail stores were open for the entire second quarter and as of this week all stores are open. In total, global direct-to-consumer revenue increased 74% versus last year's second quarter. Performance was driven by continued customer acquisition online, and a sequential improvement in retail performance as compared to the first quarter. Global wholesale revenue in the second quarter increased 2%, as compared to last year. Growth in the quarter was primarily driven by HOKA, but mostly offset by a decline in UGG. The decline in UGG wholesale revenue differs from a regional standpoint, international UGG wholesale revenue declined due to the ongoing marketplace initiatives previously mentioned, while domestic UGG wholesale revenue decreased, as both pre recorders were conservatively adjusted at the height of the pandemic, and UGG has successfully shifted open a buy with retailers toward lower priced products such as slippers, Fluffs and kids footwear. The UGG wholesale revenue decline in the second quarter was somewhat tempered by our global effort to shift Q3 shipments forward, allowing our distribution center teams to focus on DTC fulfillment. To summarize, we are extremely pleased with our brands performance and operational execution in the second quarter. With the demand we're experiencing in our brands, we're anticipating operational challenges related to DC capacity, inventory, timing and availability, as well as third party shipping logistics that will limit the upside of our brands in the third quarter. Though less than ideal circumstances, I'm confident in our team's resilience and ability to manage the effects in our business, while protecting the sanctity of our strong brands. I'll now hand the call over to Steve to provide more details on our second quarter financial performance, as well as some additional thoughts on managing the balance of fiscal 2021. Steve?
Steven Fasching: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Looking back at the past six months, we are proud of how our business has performed over the opening half of our fiscal year. In the midst of a global pandemic, while consumer behaviors are rapidly shifting with changing lifestyles, our brands and product offering have been placed in a unique position. And as demonstrated by our results, our product proposition is resonating with consumers, helping to drive an exceptional quarter. In particular, UGG has benefited from consumers working and learning from home, as the brand has been known to provide consumers with a feeling of comfort and security, and at the same time, HOKA benefited from its increasing awareness and positioning within the expanding active category. These trends helped drive attention to the work our brands are doing, and created awareness of our innovative line of products. While much of the current environment remains uncertain, we continue to focus on delivering great products that amplify our brands and meet consumer demands. Now for more detail on our second quarter results, revenue in the second quarter was $623.5 million, up 15% versus the prior year. Performances compared to last year was primarily driven by global HOKA growth of 83%, which experienced balanced gains across all regions and channels, but also benefited from first quarter product launches that were delayed to the second quarter and global UGG growth, which was up 3% versus the prior year to $415 million. This increase for the quarter was driven by robust global direct-to-consumer growth of 69% as well as approximately 25 to 30 million of earlier global shipment of product to wholesale and distributor accounts as we worked to decrease some of the logistical load on Q3. Although as expected, the overall wholesale UGG business experienced lower revenue for the quarter versus last year, as many wholesale partners planned more cautiously this year due to uncertainty at the onset of the pandemic, as well as the impact of our international reset. Gross margins in the second quarter were up 80 basis points over last year to 51.2%. Gross margins increased due to favorable channel mixes, DTC increased as a proportion to the total business, favorable brand mix with the sizeable increase in HOKA volume and benefits from favorable exchange rates. SG&A dollar spend was $190.4 million, up 8% from last year's $175.9 million. The increase was primarily driven by higher marketing and warehouse costs that were partially offset by savings from travel and retail expenses. This all resulted in an earnings per share of $3.58, which compares to $2.71 in last year's second quarter. The $0.87 improvement versus last year was primarily driven by a higher proportion of DTC and HOKA business with offsets from lower UGG wholesale revenue in greater marketing spend and warehouse costs. Our balance sheet remained strong and as of September 30, cash and equivalents were $626 million, up from $178 million at September 30 of last year. Inventory was down 13% to $484 million from $559 million at the same time last year. And we had $9 million in short term borrowing under our existing credit line as compared to $13 million last year. Our existing credit lines have an available balance of $463 million and during the quarter we did not repurchase any shares. During this period, we historically provide an update on our sheepskin pricing. We continue to see stable prices in the sheepskin market, and we expect no change in our sheepskin costs for fiscal 2022. Please note, this does not constitute gross margin guidance for next year, as our sheepskin costs are only one component of our gross margins. As we've now completed the first half of fiscal 2021, we remain disciplined in our approach to planning the second half of the year as we are aware of the unique circumstances surrounding the upcoming holiday season. We are mindful of shipping constraints during the upcoming peak, including not only our own operations, but also the operations of third party shipping and logistics services that we utilize. The logistics infrastructure, both internal and external, will continue to be tested by current challenges paired with unknown pandemic developments, which could be significantly impacted by a second wave of the disease, or any impacts from government orders or restrictions. While remaining vigilant, we will tightly manage the business and drive opportunities where we see potential for success, all with our primary focus on the long-term health of our business, and a continuation of driving success through our strong brands and innovative product offering. Looking to the back half of fiscal 2021, we're conscious of the historical size and relevance that our third quarter represents to full year revenue and earnings. In a typical year, the three months representing our third quarter equates to more revenue than we've recognized over the first six months. This dynamic combined with the extraordinary circumstances of the pandemic place additional pressure on our third quarter this year, and may lead to reaching capacity thresholds that have yet to be experienced year-to-date. These capacity thresholds will be tested at our retail stores. Given that the October through December in store purchase volume typically represents two to three times the volume of any other three-month period. Additionally, while we are comfortable with current inventory levels in a year where we tempered inventory buys at the outset to reduce risk, we may see demand outpace supply with certain product. In these cases, we will be challenged with meeting the in-season demand, but at the same time, it will continue to drive brand heat, encourage full price selling and result in a clean marketplace for the fourth quarter and beyond. With all that, said and given the continued uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we will once again not be providing specific guidance for fiscal year 2021 at this time. However, I will update some of the major themes of our business. For context, we observed complex pandemic impacts in the first half of the year, including some tailwinds from the acceleration of e-commerce, brand heat and attention resulting from changing consumer trends, extended consumer adoption of categories providing the unique comfort of UGG and heightened consumer awareness of HOKA. While we anticipate that some of these trends may continue to provide opportunities, they may be dampened by the headwinds yet to be experienced, that are particularly relevant during our peak season in the back half of the year. Specifically, pressure from shipping constraints with third party providers, higher costs associated with our own warehouse operations in the current environment, product scarcity on key styles that are selling faster than anticipated, and increased marketing cost to capitalize on the momentum of our brands and stay top of mind with consumers. With these considerations in mind, we are approaching the back half of fiscal 2021, with the possibility that UGG revenue may fall below last year levels if the brand is up against potential capacity constraints, some earlier shipments into Q2, retail traffic pressure and continued work with our international business reset. And as Dave mentioned, we continue to see growth with HOKA, but at a lower rate than experienced in the first half, yet on the path to $500 million. And we anticipate higher expenses resulting from marketing spend to keep our brands top of mind, warehouse costs for safety measures and higher wages and increased IT expenses as we build out appropriate support systems for our accelerating e-commerce platform. Before I hand the call back to Dave, I would like to say how pleased we are with the results of our first half. As it gives us confidence that the organization can manage through the current near term challenges, while remaining committed to our long-term vision. Our brands are in a great place. The company is well positioned, and we are excited about the opportunities that lie ahead. Thanks, everyone. And now I'll turn the call back to Dave for his closing remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Steve. As I reflect on the unique first half, I'm proud of our organization's collaborative efforts to prioritize the consumer and deliver results. Our brand teams have done an excellent job delivering compelling and innovative products. Our omnichannel organization has been the engine driving product messaging, executing sales and providing analytics to inform future brand success, but paramount to the first task success this year has been our operations teams with heavy lifting being done by our product development teams, distribution center employees, customer service specialists, and all other individuals working throughout our supply chain. A huge thank you to every one of our employees for their continued execution of our strategies during these very challenging times. And along with performance, it is our organization's belief that we have a responsibility to continue to do business in the right way and Deckers continues to drive forward on ESG initiatives. I'm pleased to report that we've recently been recognized by Investor's Business Daily as the 15th ranked company in their top 50 best ESG companies list for 2020. This is an improvement from our number 20 ranking last year, and I note that we are the sole footwear or apparel company included in the top 50. To that end, I'm excited to share that our creating change FY '20 annual corporate responsibility report will be released tomorrow, highlighting the tremendous progress made by our global organization in FY '20. The report will be posted on our website and I encourage you to check it out. On that note, and in the spirit of making a positive impact, earlier this month Deckers held its first ever Art Of Kindness Week, which was an organized effort to encourage employees across the globe to give back through volunteerism. Collectively, I'm proud to report that our team's contributed more than 2000 hours to assist over 200 organizations, ultimately reaching many individuals who need help in these trying times. To remain focused on these types of efforts in the midst of a pandemic, while driving business growth is a testament to Deckers values and approach. It is these values exemplified by our dedicated employees and top performing brands that just yesterday earned Deckers the honor of being named Footwear News Company of the Year for 2020. I'd like to thank and congratulate our employees on this well deserved achievement. In closing, I have a high degree of confidence in our strategy, portfolio of brands and top tier operating model to navigate through these short-term challenges while also investing in our digital transformation to support growth over the long-term. Thank you to our shareholders for your continued support. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Camilo Lyon with BTIG. Please go ahead.
Camilo Lyon: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys and great job on the execution.
Dave Powers: Thank you, Camilo.
Camilo Lyon: I wanted to first ask about your relative inventory position. I think Steve, you said you feel comfortable with your inventory but demand trends could exceed supply. And you're noting that as a cautionary point to watch out for. I’m wondering what category specifically you’re anticipating being under inventory then? And do you have the ability or have you tried shifting purchasing behavior or intent to comparable categories or skews that are in better stock, in a better stock position?
Steven Fasching: Sure, Camilo. I'll go first and then maybe Dave can jump in. Absolutely kind of what you said we are taking a look at. So with inventory down 13% we are comfortable with where we have inventory. As I said, at the onset of the pandemic, we did make some strategic reductions in styles. What we've seen really over the course of the last six months is an acceleration on certain styles, specifically, kind of slipper/sandal categories, we've done very well. And as a result of that we have run short. Now, in the time since then, we have looked to bring more inventory in and we're in the process of doing that. So, we intend to bring more inventory in this quarter, as well as Q4 that will help kind of fill out some of those shortages on styles, colors, sizes. But if there's disruption that will create some challenges logistically, so we're doing a lot to overcome that. We're bringing things in kind of as quickly as we can with those identified styles and where we may be short, we are steering customers to styles that we have more in stock on. So all of the above, right? We want to take advantage of the brand heat that we have going, the consumer demand that's out there for these styles. We want to use that then as an opportunity where we have scarcity to push him into other products that we do have in style.
Dave Powers: Yes, that's exactly right and we're seeing the consumer shift to other products and other categories. But generally speaking, whether it's slippers, classics, fashion boots, winter boots, we're seeing strong sell-through particularly in DTC but also at wholesale of all the categories, including ready to wear. So the demand for the brand, at a high level remains very strong, as you see in the accelerated interest over the quarter. Younger consumers are adopting the brand at new levels. We've increased our rate of 18 to 34-year-olds by over 180% for the quarter. And we're chasing the inventory where we can. So we feel confident that if there's no logistics disruptions, we'll be in good place. I think it's a healthy place for our brand to be in this chase mode. And, while we're focused on delivering Q3, we're really focused on the long term health of the brand, and the setup that this demand and healthy marketplace means for us over the long-term. We're just seeing a lot of potential right now.
Camilo Lyon: That's great. Just two follow [indiscernible]. Steve, you mentioned last quarter that you were anticipating cancellations to outpace pre orders, is that still the case? And then on a longer term basis, Dave, maybe we would love your insights into this, you are looking to reach at least mid teens, probably 15, maybe a little bit above 15% EBIT margin this year, very strong operating metrics there. Clearly, you've taken the brand to the next level with new demographic coming in. Where do you see the long-term margin opportunity? Can this be a high teens or low 20s business over time?
Dave Powers: I'll go, so this is Steve, I'll go first. Really kind of as we think about where we're at, on the inventory and cancellations, it's why we're not giving guidance, right? We don't know what's going to happen, what kind of at wholesale. If everything holds up, can you, we won't have the cancellation issue. If things get more challenging from a logistics standpoint, some retail is closed, there may be cancellation. So that's really what we want to see kind of over the course of the next couple of weeks. I think it's too early to tell, and kind of why we're holding off on guidance.
Steven Fasching: Yes, exactly. To your question on kind of longer term, we're looking at this right now. We just had a conversation with the Board a few weeks ago. I guess the best way to think about it is we're committed and we've proven that over the last three plus years to this mid teens operating margin. But there is going to have to have to be some investment in the next coming, one to two years to be able to take advantage of the opportunities that we're now seeing. Our long-term strategy through COVID has actually probably been accelerated with the shift to e-commerce, younger consumers coming in, the increase marketing spend. But we're going to need to invest in, further capabilities to optimize that e-commerce engine even more than we already have to provide better dead data and analytics, capabilities, systems improvements, and just continue to fuel the growth of these brands through marketing, our marketing is paying off tremendously right now and we increased our marketing spend over the past quarter by 30%. So this is one of those situations where, the engine is firing on all cylinders, but we need to keep it going. So I would say we're, you can count on us to deliver on mid tier operating margins, whether we get up, above 16%, 17%, 18%. The opportunity is there but it all depends on how fast we're going to have to invest in the mid-short to mid-term to be able to keep the top line going at, what we're shooting for is high single digits, double-digit percent growth over the next few years.
Camilo Lyon: Got it, sounds good. Good luck in the holiday. Take care.
Steven Fasching: Thanks, Camilo.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Camilo.
Operator: The next question comes from Paul Lejuez with Citi Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Hey, thanks, guys. I'm curious if you're already seeing some of these constraints happening in your business or have you been able to manage through them this quarter thus far? And then I guess, I'm kind of also curious on the marketing side. Does it make sense to spend as much marketing as you are given you're concerned about potentially not being able to meet demand, the risk perhaps disappointing some customers if you can, in fact, meet that demand? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yes, I would say so far, the teams have done an incredible job which I referenced in the script on managing our distribution and our logistics to date. We've had to put in place social distancing measures. We've had to pay more to employees for hazard pay, et cetera and recruiting has been a challenge. So they've done an incredible job working through this and working with the order book and the sales team to balance deliveries. So far, we haven't seen major disruptions, but the level of put through that we're going through right now is nothing compared to what's coming in the next couple months. And so that's really when the capacity of taking inbound deliveries that are in some cases delayed because of logistics from Asia Pacific, into the DC and at the same time turning around and putting product into the marketplace. That's where the pinch could come in the next couple of months and that's what we're really mindful of and planning for. So haven't seen major disruptions yet, within our control. We have seen them in logistics, but we're feeling confident of our ability to manage through it, but as Steve said, there's still so much uncertainty coming up ahead of us. With regards to kind of marketing, we are very surgical in our marketing, now. We have a center of excellence on digital marketing and spend around the world and we, navigate based off return on spend by brand channel and region. And so, we're cautious of the fact that where there may be constraints on upsides due to marketing, and we're putting our marketing dollars in places where we know we'll get the payoff such as HOKA to continue to grow that brand and you saw the 80% plus percent growth in Q2. In different markets, we're releasing some money to continue to assist international and the transition of the UGG brand and just, we're testing at the same time. So the marketing is paying off. We're adopting a younger consumer. We're getting multiple purchases from a younger consumer within the quarter. Normally, we wouldn't see purchases for UGG products more than once a year, traditionally a classic style. But now we're getting people, many consumers that bought the Fluff earlier in Q2 came back and purchased the UGG Clear. So the marketing is paying off. It's driving overall brand and awareness and buzz about the brand. I don't have a lot of concerns about missing sales and wasting marketing spend. I think we're very efficient on that and very targeted, and so far, it seems to be working really well.
Steven Fasching: Yes, and I think, Paul, just to add on that, I think the other thing on the constraints is really third party logistics, so we are hearing from third party freight companies logistics constraints. And that's going to be really universal. So that is one thing we're keeping a close eye on. So one is kind of constraints within really what we control, but also what's outside of our control. And we are seeing signals around that. So that's something that we're going to watch carefully, and look to find alternatives to work around some of those situations. Kind of on the marketing, just to add to what Dave said, where we are marketing to certain styles that may be low on inventory, there is an opportunity to shift some of that marketing. So to the first question to Camilo said, we can start to shift some of that marketing to product that we have in stock. So we have an opportunity to kind of move that in stock. And then I think the other important component is really our international reset. We can use money. So this is not just about domestic, it's about how we can accelerate some of our international reset, and deploying some of that marketing money around to kind of repositioning our brands and products and awareness in the international markets.
Dave Powers: Yes, and as we said in Q1 call, and we'll continue to stay focused on, we want to take this opportunity to steal market share wherever we can. So we want to stay aggressive on marketing, continued to drop innovative, exciting products in the marketplace, bringing in younger consumers and we're going to have to continue to spend marketing dollars to do that. But it's really now about scaling the global opportunity based on the success that we're seeing in the domestic market.
Paul Lejuez: Got you. I'm just like I just got 4% of the ready to, what percent of the UGG business is ready to wear and same question for HOKA, what percent of the power?
Dave Powers: Yes, so ready to wear for UGG is less than 10%. It's mostly high single digits right now. It's a small business right now, but this ready to wear launch for us was really a test, a proof of concept test and the results have been phenomenal. The price points are perfect. The styling and the detailing is resonating with a younger consumer. And we launched it primarily in DTC and with Nordstrom and it was the first time, Nordstrom’s ever put us on their landing page for apparel. They're incredibly pleased with the sell-through. We've had a lot of accounts calling trying to get their hands on the product. So for us what this means is there's just a lot of opportunity on this category in the next three to five years. So now we're just another opportunity for us to invest in design and creative talent and go-to-market talent for that category. So small, but very exciting from a launch perspective. HOKA apparel is even smaller. That's really early stages of development there. We are working with some folks externally to bring in some more talent to ramp that up. But the $500 million, the $1 billion numbers that we've put out there, we don't believe those need an apparel business to hit those targets. So it would be incremental to that. Those kinds of numbers at this point, but early days of HOKA, it's less than probably 3% of total sales.
Paul Lejuez: Got it, thank you. Good luck guys.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Steven Fasching: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Next question comes from Jonathan Komp with Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Yes, thank you. Just a follow up on the -- all the commentary you've given on UGG, which is really helpful thinking about, the third quarter and really the second half of the year, are you saying, Steve, when you look at the scenarios and some of the planning, are you saying there's no scenarios where UGG can be flat or up for the period or just trying to gauge the degree of the constraints that are out there relative to potential scenarios? And did you call out any explicit costs that we should be thinking about for some logistic impacts?
Steven Fasching: Yes, so Jon, again, we're not giving guidance. What I wanted to call really to attention is, we're dealing -- we're kind of in the middle of a pandemic we're dealing with constraints. And so we have seen growth in the first half. As I mentioned, and mentioned on last call, we're looking and did successfully move some product in Q2 that would traditionally go in Q3. And so it really depends. And again, it kind of this is again, why we're not giving guidance is, it depends on what happens. If it's a clean Q3, but given everything we're seeing, it's hard to see no disruption in Q3, that's how we're kind of looking at UGG and planning for it. So, that's -- I just want to provide a little bit of caution as we think about it, there's been some shifting in product. We have, because of the onset conservative cuts that we made in terms of inventory, we're up against some constraints on inventory. So we're going to do the best that we can, but it's going to be work, and we're working against some external factors that we're going to have little control over.
Dave Powers: Yes and then the setup for q4 and spring product looks promising as well. But it all depends on how we're able to get through q3 before we get to that point.
Jonathan Komp: Okay, that's really helpful. And maybe a broader question on HOKA. I know you've talked about this $1 billion plus aspiration for a while. Just thinking about, at least that incremental $500 million compared to this year, nearly a quarter of your total company sales today. Could you just talk through, what are the margin implications of that, given the mix shift that will drive toward HOKA even further over time?
Dave Powers: Yes, I'll go first. What we've said historically, in its channel, compared to UGG, it is a little bit better. And so as the proportion of HOKA the gross margin implications are that, if we don't get into situations where we're having to discount, again we're dealing with a brand that is on fire, growing 80% of course [ph] which is crazy. We can hold full price selling. So as long as we can do that margins are by equivalent channel compared to UGG slightly better, but at the same time, then we're also spending more on marketing. So as a brand that is still being discovered by many, we spend considerably more on developing HOKA and brand awareness and consumer awareness with that brand. So from a gross margin standpoint, as long as the brand is hot and continues to grow like it is, and there's little promotion around that brand, it is incrementally positive. But at the same time, we're also investing considerably more in developing that brand and building that brand.
Jonathan Komp: Okay, that's really helpful. Thank you. Good luck for holiday.
a Dave Powers: All right.
Steven Fasching: Thanks, John.
Operator: Next question comes from Tom Nikic with Wells Fargo, please go ahead.
Tom Nikic: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my question. You spoke a lot about, capacity constraints, both internal and external. And it kind of seemed like, for the most part, you were speaking in reference to UGG. Do these same constraints or anything like that apply to HOKA. And, it would seem to, you have to get the $500 million this year, you don't need, the growth in the back half of the year for HOKA would be much slower than it was in the first half. So is there anything preventing you from far exceeding up? I know 500 million is a big number. It's a big gross number. But I mean, it kind of seems like with the momentum and the brand and the growth rates that you've been seeing, even in the midst of the pandemic, that, it could even be better than that.
Dave Powers: Yes, I think I'll jump in on that. So keep in mind that, some of the deliveries and the business that we had intended to do in Q1 for HOKA ended up happening in Q2, because the wholesale being closed for most of the Q1, so hence, the 80 plus percent growth. But from an internal perspective, we don't have a lot of constraints on HOKA, the inventory, we're chasing the inventory as fast as we can, we're in pretty good shape heading into the back half of the year and inventory in HOKA. And the demand is still there, it's really relying more on kind of the macro environment, and an external factors for us.
Tom Nikic: Got it, and…
Dave Powers: Sorry, just the biggest challenge that we're facing is just the, it’s really last seven to eight weeks of the quarter on UGG where DTC ramps up dramatically. And at the same time, we're inbounding product and shipping out to wholesalers. It's that period of time where that's where we're exercising caution here, because there's so many different factors that could implement, get in the way of that being successful. But that's an UGG dynamic, less so on HOKA.
Tom Nikic: Understood, that's helpful. And you know on UGG and I know, maybe this is a tough question to answer at the moment, but obviously, there's been a lot of noise lately, even pre COVID, with the brand reset in Europe and stuff like that, when sort of everything is normal, when we're past COVID, when the international reset is done? Like, what kind of growth should UGG be generating? I mean, is this a mid single digit grower or is it something better than that? Something worse than that? I mean, I'm just kind of wondering, like, in a normal environment, like, how should we think about UGG over the long-term?
Dave Powers: Yes, it's a good question. I would say it's probably low single digits, under 5%, but healthy, sustainable, full price sales growth. And what's encouraging for me right now is to see, again, how many new young consumers have now adopted UGG into their consideration set, and they're choosing to come to our website, they're looking for new product, they're bright, they're buying from our websites more than once in a quarter across categories. We even see a healthy mix of consumers who bought footwear and ready to wear. We haven't seen that before. And so I think, if you look at the success of the Fluff franchise in the slipper or sandal, hybrid phenomenon that we've created, there's still a lot of longevity in that trend. It's less about being inside in slippers, and it's more about fashion. The amount of new consumers we have in our database and our ecosystem that we can now manage for an optimized the lifetime value of those consumers. The excitement that's happening in men's, we're launching Fluff product for men's, in the next couple of weeks with an exciting ambassador that you'll see shortly, the ready to wear opportunity. And if we can get international through their transformation and heading to positive territory again, you could see this as pretty healthy, sustainable, long-term growth. And we're optimistic but where the brand is, it's the healthiest and most exciting I've seen it since I've been here over eight years and so we feel good about the potential going forward.
Tom Nikic: Right, yes. Thanks very much. And best of luck this holiday season.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from John Kernan with Cowen. Please go ahead.
John Kernan: Yes, excellent. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on all the momentum.
Dave Powers: Thanks.
Steven Fasching: Thanks, John.
John Kernan: I wanted to ask you on the mix shift to DTC and HOKA obviously drove tremendous gross margin expansion in the first half of the year and also drove a lot of SG&A leverage. The DTC and HOKA shift, seemingly should continue into the back half of the year. How should we think about your margin structure in the back half relative to the performance you had in the first half, both on the gross margin and SG&A line?
Dave Powers: Yes, I'll take that one. Again, we haven't given guidance. But I think the way to think about really kind of the back half is you start getting up against the kind of bigger numbers. So Q1, Q2 are huge on a percentage basis, because those tend to be kind of smaller quarters. And now as you get into really the back half, you're up against kind of bigger numbers. So the expansion that you saw in the first half is not necessarily indicative of what you'll see in the second half. Clearly, we're going to have similar impacts from the changing dynamic. The impact will not be as much as what you saw, really, in the first half.
Steven Fasching: The strength of DTC, upside from a percent growth perspective is more dramatic in UGG, HOKA is more just kind of holding steady as the trends that they've been on. But the UGG business from a DTC perspective is super strong.
John Kernan: Got it. Certainly a lot of momentum, maybe just one more follow-up would be when you think about that $1 billion run rate of sales for HOKA, what are you most excited about, from a category level and geographic level to get you, to give you that confidence and is doubling that business?
Dave Powers: Well, I think, you know, it's obviously still founded in core authentic running and continuing to be a leader in that category. In some cases, we're seeing, we're number two, in some cases, number one market share already, but the difference between us and the number one, market share holder, which tends to be Brooks, generally speaking, we could almost double our market share, and still be neck-and-neck with Brooks. So there's still a lot of opportunity in the core run specialty channel. The two things that get me most excited are just the expansion to a broader set of consumers. So it's, more, consumers that aren't just buying it just for running, it's everyday athletics or lifestyle. And we're starting to see, that broad base of consumers being attracted to the brand, for the performance attributes that it provides. We still want to keep our distribution tight. We're focusing on our tight ecosystem of very selected wholesale partners key accounts, and then driving e-commerce. So we can optimize that business for the long term. But I think the real unlocked to the $1 billion is continued acceleration of our EMEA business, particularly online. We've made quite a few investments over the last year to allow the e-commerce business there to flourish, and we seeing positive results on that, but it's still small compared to the US. And then I think when you think beyond $1 billion, it's really Asia Pacific, and we're just getting started in China. Obviously, that's a massive opportunity for us. But, we think we can get to that $1 billion mark with real strong growth continuing in the U.S. and accelerated growth in EMEA and then beyond that is just, even more upside once we get into those territories in Asia Pacific and newer categories.
John Kernan: That's excellent, congrats on all success.
Dave Powers: All right, thanks, John.
Operator: The last question today will come from Sam Poser with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser: Thank you. I'm honored to be last. Guys, can you adjust some housekeeping and then I have some more detailed questions. Could you give us either the revenue or the revenue growth for wholesale by brand for DTC by brand for each brand, you gave UGG? Whatever it was, and the Can you give the rest of them for modeling purposes, please for the quarter?
Dave Powers: Yep, sure, Sam. So UGG wholesale for the quarter was $292 million, HOKA was $108 million, Teva was $18 million, Sanuk was $6 million all else was call it $28 million and then our DTC was $172 million.
Sam Poser: Okay, great. So I got a couple questions. Other than that, I guess you've talked a lot about the transformation going on in EMEA and APAC. What, I mean, as you see it today, what's the timetable for being, sort of -- for being at a, the, let's say, the beginning stage of how the us, turn when the U.S. turn really kicked in, which would be a few years, a couple years ago.
Dave Powers: Yes, in my sense, it's been obviously challenged because of the COVID situation, both in Europe and Asia Pacific, particularly China. That being said, we have seen some signs of promise with category adoption. So the phenomenon of the Fluff franchise in the U.S. hasn't really hit Europe or China yet. But in the last weeks of the quarter, we're starting to see some excitement around those categories, younger consumers positive strong sell-through of those categories, but also the brand. So, the increased marketing, the focus on PR, and collaborations, the new ambassador that we signed in China, those are all so far showing positive results, not big enough to move the total country needle because we still have some scarcity, work to do as far as resetting the classics business. But people are starting to see these, the UGG brand as a more fashion relevant brand than they have in the past. So I would say you'll start to see return to growth probably next fall in those markets and gives us, an indication of where we can go from there. But I think the work that the teams are doing right now, and the way we're shifting investments in our approach to be tailored to each of those markets, is working well. The teams are doing a great job. And I think you'll start to see, like I said that return to growth probably next fall into the FY '22 and beyond.
Sam Poser: Thanks. And then you had talked earlier or on previous calls about the test with HOKA you were doing with Dix, could you give us an update there and how they're managing it and what the plans may be? And then lastly, and I've got others, but lastly, you're talking about the New York flagship I saw 58 Street close. Where is this store going to be?
Steven Fasching: Yes, I'm trying to remember what your first question was.
Sam Poser: Dix.
Steven Fasching: Yes, Dix. Yes, so yes, the 11 store test has been going very well. They're very pleased. The sell-through has been strong. We tested with them, it was like three or four years ago, a small test and the results were not good. It's a whole different ballgame now. So again, we're managing that relationship, closely pleased with the results and what they're selling. We're not looking to expand dramatically with those with that account just yet. Again, it's just very strategical and methodical approach as to how and if we go much bigger in Dix, but so far, the results are very promising. In down the road, we're also exploring opportunities with the Footlocker banner as well, early and ongoing conversations there yet, but still, really cautious about the timing of when we go into those new accounts.
Sam Poser: And then the New York store?
Steven Fasching: Yes. So it's on Fifth Avenue.
Dave Powers: I don't have, yes, we don't have the exact.
Steven Fasching: It's right across from the NBA store on Fifth Avenue. Tremendous location, highly visible two floors, lots of windows, great foot traffic, both local and tourists going by there. It's our largest store ever. Two floors and it's going to showcase all the ready to wear a new store design be much more fashion, focused than we have been in the past, lots of color and excitement. And then some great storytelling an experience for the brand with an elevated service model for omnichannel capabilities and testing a lot there and then a new mobile POS system to go along with that. So there's a lot to be excited about. Obviously, the timing, we wish was better. But this will be a catalyst for the brand globally. And we'll be looking to roll out the new store concept to key partners and other flagship locations, as time permits over for the time is right over the next coming years. But, there's great storytelling that we're going to be able to do and I'm excited for everybody listening and the consumer to go in and experience the other ready to wear collection and a new look for the face of UGG.
Sam Poser: Thanks, can I have one more?
Dave Powers: Yes, the opening date on that is November 19, Sam.
Sam Poser: Thank you. Just to confirm. So your DTC, UGG DTC business in Q4 is going to be hampered by, is it hampered by store traffic or is it going to be hampered by product availability and the amount you can ship because of will it be capacity constraints in stores that can't be overcome by e-commerce or what's going on in the distribution center or both?
Dave Powers: Yes, just so I'm clear on that, Sam when you said Q4, you mean our Q3.
Sam Poser: I'm sorry. Q3, the December 4.
Dave Powers: Yes, it is. Yes, it is really more just about constraints. So one will be from a, from retail how much traffic is allowed in stores, some of the mall based stores? What do the malls look like? Can people get in? So that's going to be kind of the one constraint. And then I would say, as I mentioned before, just externally, it will be what shipping capacity looks like. So the more we can direct e-commerce, and the more we can capture early is beneficial, right? It helps us navigate, I think some of the what I'll say are macro level constraints that are more out of our control, we're doing the best that we can kind of that's under our control, which is really about inventory management, bringing more product in this year than we did a year ago, and a quarter where we have constraints as we have lower inventory going into Q3. So those are all the things that we're working with, and trying to get to the consumer the demands there. They're showing up online. We are confident in our ability to kind of fulfill that if there are not constraints in place, but we know there's going to be some, so…
Steven Fasching: Go ahead, Sam.
Sam Poser: Do you think you can be -- I mean, do you, when you set UGG overall, is unlikely to be up in the quarter is that more of a wholesale issue or more of a direct-to-consumer issue or do you expect direct to be up just it can't be up as much as Q2 -- nearly as much as Q2 because of the average numbers.
Dave Powers: Yes, so it's more wholesale focus, just be able to get inventory through the pipeline and chasing inventory. DTC, we still think we'll be able to have -- show some growth there. We're up against big numbers last year. If you remember, last year was a very strong quarter for us, particularly in DTC and stores. So that velocity is going to be hard to comp, but we're confident that DTC continued to be strong. And the last thing I'll say, before we end the call, and all this is 15%. growth in this environment is exceptional, but I can't stress enough how hard it is, and how hard people are working to ship to be able to cover this kind of increased demand and our distribution centers and our online businesses and chase this inventory is really hard to do. And I give our teams a ton of credit to be able to do that. And we're heading into, the biggest, you know, in some ways, the demand for our brands has never been stronger, but we're heading into the most uncertainty we've ever faced. And we have more demand on our website in our straining our systems than we've ever seen before. We're handling it extremely well so far. But like I said, when we get into these last few weeks of November into December, and that pinch point, for getting product to consumers, that's the area that we're really cautious about. Because this is hard work and being able to ship this quickly with those kinds of shifts in consumer demand is a strain and we're handling it well. But that's where we're focusing on providing some caution there.
Sam Poser: Thanks so much and continued success.
Dave Powers: Thank you, Sam.
Steven Fasching: Thank you, Sam.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session and also concludes our conference. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-07-30 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands First Quarter Fiscal 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you queue-up for question. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I’ll now turn the conference over to Erinn Kohler, VP of Investor Relations & Corporate Planning. Please go ahead.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding the impact of COVID-19 on our business and operations, business partners and industry, changes in consumer behavior in the retail environment, strength of our brands and demand for our products, changes to our product allocation, distribution, and inventory management strategies, changes to our marketing plans and strategies, investments in our business and our anticipated revenues, product mix, gross margins, expenses, liquidity position, and our potential repurchase of shares. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management’s current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed, or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings including in the Risk Factors section of its Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I’ll now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks Erinn and good afternoon, everyone. On behalf of the Deckers organization, I hope everyone is doing well and staying safe. As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to have devastating effects around the world, we remain committed to prioritizing the health and safety of our employees, customers, and the communities where we operate. On our May call, we detailed our strategic approach to managing the business through this pandemic. I believe the work we have done so far this year and over the past few years has created an important foundation. Though we still expect there to be additional hurdles to overcome later this year as we approach the peak season for our largest brand. Before I share our results for the quarter, I'd like to express my sincere gratitude to our employees for their continued commitment to working through these challenging circumstances, helping to deliver a solid first quarter. For the first quarter of fiscal year 2021, revenue was up 2% versus last year to $283 million, gross margin increased over 300 basis points to 50.3%, and we delivered a loss per share of $0.28. Many of the trends we outlined at our May call remained largely consistent through the balance of the first quarter. Our direct-to-consumer business was robust throughout the quarter, driven by triple-digit online growth in both the UGG and HOKA ONE ONE brands. However, this was mostly offset by the headwinds experienced from both owned retail store closures, as well as some wholesale doors remaining closed during a portion of the quarter. Our first quarter performance benefited greatly from the organizational foundation we've invested in over the past few years. In addition, certain areas of our business benefited from the shift in consumer behavior as a result of the pandemic, with our ongoing key strategies amplified and accelerated by some of those trends. Omnichannel capabilities have been a key area of investment. With a distinct focus on bolstering our e-commerce competencies where we've added new targeting efficiencies, analytical tools, upgraded talent and enhanced global accessibility with our online platform. Thanks to these investments, our digital marketing and e-commerce teams are able to efficiently and effectively transition content to authentically realign with the new marketplace realities created by the pandemic, including efforts to engage with consumers to virtual events and programs. UGG was able to adjust its plan for Pride to create a virtual prom for all event in partnership with Tommy Dorfman. HOKA had originally planned a series of in-person events surrounding the launch of the Clifton Edge. But the brand transformed those plans into the virtual challenge in partnership with Strava. As our brands adjusted plans for in-person events to virtual, they also shifted marketing mix towards the top of the funnel in an effort to reach a new and diverse set of consumers. These are just a few examples of how our brands were nimble in optimizing sell-through of the powerful product and narrative by modifying their marketing plans amid changing marketplace conditions. Beyond our investments in digital and PR, another key area of focus has been reducing the company's reliance on core UGG product. UGG has successfully diversified its product mix through investments in innovation and design to build a counter-seasonal assortment that complements the core product offering, while continuing to manage the brand's domestic allocation and segmentation strategy. And lastly, we have invested and will continue to invest in the HOKA brand to drive global growth and build on the brand's momentum to increase brand awareness and consideration. The strength of our e-commerce and digital marketing platforms, fueled by adaptive marketing tactics, created demand for counter seasonal UGG products and continued HOKA momentum, driving Decker's success in the first quarter. Shifting to the brand highlights from the quarter, starting with the Fashion Lifestyle group. Global UGG revenue in the first quarter was down 10% versus the prior year to $125 million, driven by a 49% decline in wholesale, which was primarily caused by the COVID-19-related wholesale door closures. Partially offsetting the decline in wholesale, The UGG brand experienced a 53% increase in its direct-to-consumer business as e-commerce was able to more than make up for the lost volume from our owned retail store closures. Online strength was fueled by an accelerated shift to consumer demand to online platforms and supported by the investments we have put behind our e-commerce business, resulting in a triple-digit increase in both acquired and retained consumers as compared to last year. We understand that some of these newly acquired individuals likely previously engaged with the UGG brand through a brick-and-mortar experience. But we welcome the shift in consumer purchasing to our online platform and will continue investing in the channel. Correlating to the sizable customer acquisition, the brand saw a substantial acceleration of UGG loyalty enrollments in the first quarter as compared to last year. We are especially encouraged by the UGG brand's incremental loyalty additions as members typically purchase the brand more frequently and are more likely to purchase multiple product categories. For the first quarter, loyalty members accounted for nearly 40% of direct-to-consumer revenue, which compares to 28% for the same period last year. From a regional perspective, the domestic UGG business maintained the momentum experienced throughout fiscal year 2020 with revenue growing in the first quarter of fiscal 2021 as compared to last year. Domestic performance was fueled by 18 to 34 year-old consumers purchasing online as ugg.com saw a significant increase in consumers within this age group, representing over 40% of total online purchases in the quarter. Internationally, UGG declined versus last year primarily related to COVID-19 store closures, the multiyear marketplace reset in Europe, and the brand having a smaller e-commerce presence relative to the U.S. market, making it more challenging to offset the volume loss from retail stores. In terms of product highlights, the UGG brand experienced global success with its slipper business through innovation of emotional and comfortable product that resonated with a broad range of consumers. We believe the gains in UGG slippers were due in part to COVID-19 related to work-from-home mandates as people seek out casual and comfortable shoes to wear in their homes in addition, the Fluff franchise's continued expansion and momentum. The Fluff Yeah style is the brand's top ranked style in terms of revenue in the first quarter for the second year in a row. And its companion style, Oh Yeah, was number two in its introductory season. Both styles are resonating well in driving meaningful growth in both women's and kids sizing, suggesting somewhat of Mommy and Me trend. In fact, the Fluff and Oh Yeah styles drove nearly half of the total purchases by 18 to 34-year-old consumers. We believe that this hybrid slipper/sandal phenomenon that UGG created is here to stay, as the brand continues its cycle of innovation to deliver authentic product updates for new and existing consumers. Beyond the Fluff franchise, many of the heritage slipper styles such as the Scuff, Coquette and Tasman experienced nice growth, which we believe was both incremental as well as some pull-forward demand from later in the year. We were excited about the UGG brand's recent performance with spring and summer product, especially given the brand has not typically been top of mind for the consumer this time of year. According to Google Trends, UGG experienced a 76% increase in search interest during the first quarter, underscoring the progress the design team has made developing a product that resonates with consumers during the spring and summer months. The UGG team is targeting the conversion of newly acquired consumers to repeat purchases throughout the balance of fiscal 2021. Turning to the Performance Lifestyle Group, which is comprised of HOKA, Teva and Sanuk. Beginning with HOKA, global revenue for the first quarter increased 37% versus the prior year to $109 million. HOKA was able to grow both wholesale and direct-to-consumer channels, primarily due to the size and strength of its domestic e-commerce business as well as the rapid expansion of distributor volume internationally. Expansion of the HOKA brand internationally has been a great indicator of the accelerating consumer appetite for HOKA outside of the U.S., specifically within Europe. We feel the brand is resonating due to the frequent introduction of compelling product and powerful story talent globally. Digital growth in and customer acquisition have been a focal point building the HOKA ecosystem over the past few years. With the accelerated shift to online purchasing, our investments in digital had become even more critical. During the quarter, HOKA direct-to-consumer experienced triple-digit revenue growth, aided by a similar triple-digit increase in customer acquisition as compared to last year. Like UGG, we believe some of the online consumer acquisition may be attributable to consumers who have purchased HOKA before at wholesale, but due to store closures, have now migrated to our website. Given the brand's marketing strategy has traditionally included in-person-based activities, we're thrilled by the HOKA team's ability to accelerate online engagement and further cement the brand's digitally led approach. There have been numerous initiatives to help drive digital engagement with the HOKA brand in the first quarter, including the brand sponsorship of the virtual IRONMAN racing series as well as the HOKA partnership with Strava to create the Ekiden challenge. In continuing its sponsorship at the IRONMAN racing series virtually, HOKA was able to stay connected with its core consumers and potentially reach a new audience who may be following Ironman events while most other sports are on hold. Ekiden is about moving forward together and bringing out the best in each other. It's a relay-style running race that originated in Japan. Over 400,000 people across the globe participated in the Ekiden challenge, which helped create a new method of connection with consumers in the absence of in-person events, and afford HOKA the opportunity to learn more about its consumers. The challenge was designed to coincide with the launch of the Clifton Edge, which is the latest innovation from HOKA, and has seen strong consumer demand since its introduction in early July, particularly in Europe. The HOKA brand proved to be in a position of strength during a period where many brands struggle to grow, proving the brand power it is developing. We'll look to continue fueling the HOKA brand's momentum for the balance of fiscal 2021 and beyond. Moving to Teva. Global revenue in the first quarter was down 8% versus the prior year to $35 million. Teva performance included a notable acceleration of its direct-to-consumer business in the back half of the quarter. For the quarter, DTC represented 39% of the Teva brand's revenue, which was up from 19% in the previous year. And the overall revenue declined in the quarter, the brand experienced global growth with its universal franchise styles that now feature straps made from recycled plastic. For Sanuk, global revenue in the first quarter declined to $13 million. Similar to Teva, Sanuk is amplifying its focus on sustainability. Subsequently, at the end of our first quarter, Sanuk introduced its new SustainaSole collection. The collection is the brand's most eco-friendly shoe to-date, featuring recycled materials throughout the entire construction of the shoe. With respect to channel performance, overall, we saw significant strength with our online channel in the period, while physical retail experienced disruption from the pandemic conditions adversely impacting both owned retail and our wholesale business. Global direct-to-consumer revenue increased 74% versus last year in the quarter. Direct-to-consumer gains in the first quarter were driven by the strong consumer demand of our brands online, in particular with both UGG and HOKA more than doubling e-commerce revenue year-over-year. Again, we believe a portion of this incremental online demand continues to be spurred by consumers actively seeking products that provide comfort for the work-from-home environment, combined with an interest to exercising the outdoors. Due to the meaningful disruption of our retail store base throughout the quarter, we are not reporting a comparable direct-to-consumer sales figure. Global wholesale revenue decreased 27% versus last year for the first quarter. We experienced lower wholesale revenue across all brands in our portfolio, except HOKA, which was able to offset a domestic decline with higher international revenue. The pressure experienced in wholesale was primarily the result of pandemic-induced store closures across the globe. However, despite the decline of wholesale revenue, our partners also experienced growth within their e-commerce channels, which suggest our brands are taking market share from the competition. According to NPD's retail tracking service, for the months of April through June, each of our brand growth rates were more favorable than the overall marketplace. Before handing off the call to Steve, I'd like to give an update on the status of our operations and highlight a few dynamics to consider for the balance of fiscal 2021. Our Moreno Valley distribution center continues to operate at a limited capacity, due to increased social distancing measures, taken as a precaution to maintain employee safety. Our Moreno Valley DC team and third-party logistics partners continued to work through the challenges associated with shipping higher levels of product sold through our e-commerce channel, in addition to the increasing volume of wholesale shipments, as we head into peak season. As a result of these conditions, we anticipate higher costs associated with employee safety and increased payroll costs related to DC employees. We continue to adjust our retail store fleet operations in compliance with updated and ever-changing health and safety standards. To provide some context for our retail store operations during the first quarter, approximately 20% of our stores were open for the entire 90-day period. The average store was open for roughly half the quarter. As of this week, approximately 95% of our global stores are open, but in most cases operating at a limited capacity. Given the ongoing and uncertain pandemic conditions, which include meaningful local and regional differences and restrictions imposed on retail store operations, we foresee potential risk of additional store closures or limitations during peak periods. Similar to our owned retail stores, many of our wholesale partner stores were closed for much of our first quarter, but have since reopened with limited operations. We have continued to work closely with our wholesale partners to identify areas of risk and make the relevant adjustments to our order book. Given the significant portion of business remaining in this fiscal year, as well as the uncertainty around economic conditions and consumer sentiments, we still anticipate cancellations to outweigh the orders. In terms of our sourcing, during the first quarter, we operated with reduced capacity due to the implementation of social distancing measures and we continue to experience travel restrictions between country borders and production facilities. However, these disruptions have been mitigated thus far and at this time, we are not experiencing any major sourcing disruptions. Given the first quarter is historically very different from our other three quarters in terms of channel and brand mix, and the first quarter was especially unique this year due to the marketplace conditions resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic, we know that this will not be a typical year. I'd like to take a moment to recognize some of the dynamics we are observing and that should be considered for the balance of fiscal 2021. In the first quarter just completed, approximately 49% of revenue came from direct-to-consumer, heavily weighted towards e-commerce, which is significantly above last year and our typical quarter; 38% of revenue came from HOKA, which is well beyond last year and the average quarter and less than half of the revenue came from UGG, which typically represents over 70% of total company revenue on a full year basis. While we expect direct-to-consumer and HOKA revenue to increase as a proportion of our total revenue in fiscal 2021, we do not expect to repeat the levels of penetration experienced in this first quarter. Additionally, though we're optimistic about the UGG brand's start to fiscal 2021, the brand is a long way from its peak holiday time frame, which we are expecting to be highly competitive and feature increased level of promotional activity across the marketplace. Starting in the second quarter, wholesale is expected to become a more impactful portion of the UGG brand revenue, especially as we move some customer shipments forward to help alleviate potential pressure during the third quarter at our distribution centers. Given the number of unknowns, we continue to approach the UGG brand's peak season with appropriate caution. To summarize, our portfolio of brands delivered an excellent quarter and an exceptionally challenging environment. I'm proud of our teams for their dedication and discipline to achieve our best first quarter result of the past nine years. Despite the first quarter traditionally being our lowest revenue quarter, I'm encouraged by the resiliency of our brand and look forward to building on that momentum for the balance of fiscal year 2021 and beyond. The ongoing pandemic will undoubtedly present adversity throughout the year, but I'm confident in our team's ability to manage the effects on our business. With that, I'll now hand the call over to Steve to provide more details on our first quarter financial performance and provide some additional color on our strategy to manage the balance of fiscal 2021.
Steve Fasching: Thanks Dave and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave just detailed, we are extremely pleased with the organization's performance amidst tough marketplace conditions. And as of June 30th, the organization maintained its strong liquidity position above $1 billion aided by the performance of our portfolio of brands that drove positive cash flow for the first quarter and is inclusive of untapped credit revolvers, totaling $470 million. Our strategic approach to managing through the pandemic and its economic impact served us well in the first quarter. We will stay the course and continue managing our business tightly by leaning on our strong operating model, while also fueling our brands to drive competitive gains in market share. Now for our results. First quarter revenue was $283 million, up 2% versus last year, and slightly above the trends we outlined for the first half of the quarter on our May earnings call. As compared to last year, revenue growth was driven by HOKA, which increased $29 million over the same period last year. Offsetting the HOKA brand growth was a $14 million decline in UGG, a $5 million decline in Sanuk, and a $3 million decline in Teva as compared to last year. Given the difficult marketplace dynamics during the first quarter, we were pleased to see our online channel's ability to capture consumer demand as physical store locations largely remain closed. In addition, our online results benefited from efforts to drive consumers to our compelling product offering in our historically smallest revenue quarter. Gross margins in the first quarter were up 330 basis points over last year to 50.3%. This result was aligned with our view of the business as a favorable shift in channel mix resulted from reduced wholesale volume, including a reduction of closeouts and an increased penetration of e-commerce. We also benefited from the HOKA brand's growth and its corresponding increased mix of total company revenue. Moving to SG&A. Our dollar spend was $150.3 million, down 7% from last year's spend of $161.4 million. The decrease versus last year was driven by variable category reductions with the bulk of the year-over-year savings attributed to reduced travel and shifting a portion of marketing spend to later in the year. The combined effect of these items represent approximately $10 million of reduced operating expense in the quarter. Income tax benefits were lower than last year due to a smaller net loss this year and a discrete tax charge in the current quarter with last year benefiting from a one-time tax refund. Our first quarter performance resulted in a loss per share of $0.28 as compared to last year's loss per share of $0.67. The $0.39 improvement versus last year was driven by higher revenue mix of HOKA including benefits from a greater portion of DTC sales, higher revenue and profitability from our domestic UGG business as DTC performance was able to offset declines in wholesale, variable expense savings primarily related to travel and marketing with partial offsets coming from lower UGG international wholesale revenue, year-over-year declines in Teva and Sanuk, no tax benefit this year, and reduced interest income compared to the same period last year. Our balance sheet continues to remain strong. And as of June 30th, cash and equivalents were $662 million, up from $503 million at June 30th last year, and up from $649 million at March 31st of this year, making the first quarter net cash positive. Inventory was down 8% to $435 million as compared to $473 million last year. Inventory levels were down partially as a result of the intentional phasing of later receipts in order to more closely align with the timing of anticipated demand as we move into later quarters. And we had no material short-term borrowings under our existing credit lines, which have an available balance of $470 million. We did not repurchase any shares during the first quarter as we paused share repurchase activity, placing an emphasis on liquidity and cash management. Share repurchase activity remains paused for future periods, although we may commence future repurchase activity under our existing Board authorization as management deems appropriate. Finally, given the continued uncertainty caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, we will once again not be providing specific guidance for fiscal year 2021 at this time. However, I will reiterate the major themes of our business and briefly outline our management thinking. We continue to approach fiscal year 2021 with expectations that total company revenue will decline year-over-year, though we believe HOKA will still experience growth, albeit at a lower rate than the brand's 37% increase in the first quarter. The Fashion Lifestyle Group will face headwinds related to further international softness and additional wholesale cancellations. And as our wholesale business approaches our peak period and we begin shipping higher volumes of product, it will be increasingly difficult for our e-commerce business to compensate in the same proportion we saw in Q1 with the continued disruption of the retail landscape. Our gross margins, while we saw a meaningful improvement in the first quarter, we don't anticipate these channel and brand mix dynamics to continue for the balance of fiscal 2021 as the wholesale and distributor proportion of the business will increase. And we may also see promotional pressure in the marketplace as we move into the peak holiday timeframe. Expenses will continue to be managed tightly as we work to preserve liquidity, but we will use the success we are seeing to dial marketing up as appropriate to continue driving consumer engagement. And we will face higher costs related to distribution fulfillment as additional safety measures and higher labor costs will be incurred. So as we look at the remainder of the year, we recognize there will be continued challenges ahead resulting from the new realities created by the COVID-19 pandemic. We are managing through these challenges that include social distancing measures in place at our Moreno Valley and third-party logistics distribution centers. Our critical focus is on maintaining employee safety as we are addressing increasing demands on our fulfillment capabilities. This will ultimately result in the organization facing higher expenses to ship less product. To help mitigate some of the workload impacts related to these challenges, we are partnering with wholesalers to potentially ship some product earlier, which could result in the cadence of revenue looking different than previous years. Additionally, given the ongoing economic pressure, we do not yet know how our core product will sell in this environment. Consumer sentiment looms large as a tough variable to predict in this uncertain economic environment. With higher unemployment, uncertain government action and the potential for further shutdowns, we remain cautious in our approach to planning the UGG brand peak season. I'd also highlight that UGG is still facing brand heat challenges internationally, and our actions to reset the European marketplace will continue to be a drag on fiscal 2021 revenue. With the first quarter now behind us, we are encouraged with our performance and are still in a position to play offense with our healthy and in-demand brands, but will remain diligent and course correct where necessary. As we stated on our May earnings call, the strategic approach we have outlined to manage our business through this pandemic is expected to result in short-term pressure on operating margins, but we maintain belief that this strategy will best enable our brands to emerge in a position of strength as we move beyond the pandemic. Thank you. And I will now turn the call back to Dave for his closing remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks Steve. As I reflect on the quarter's performance, I remain encouraged by the power of our brands and their ability to capture consumer demand online. While myself and the management team are aware of the tough road ahead, we believe the foundation of our operating model provides our organization a unique opportunity to build market share as others are forced to take a more defensive approach. We plan to build on the first quarter success of our e-commerce and digital platform to accelerate gains in the channel, continue fueling the HOKA brand momentum, and build awareness through digital engagement with consumers, protect the marketplace management progress we've made in UGG by leaning into key styles and converting newly acquired customers to repeat purchases, and stay true to the Deckers organization values by innovating and developing creative solutions to challenging marketplace conditions. Our company brands and balance sheet are well-positioned to manage through this crisis. We will remain flexible to adapt to changing circumstances and make decisions in the best interest of our brands. I'd also like to take a moment to recognize our longest tenured Board member, John M. Gibbons, as he plans to retire in the current quarter. I want to thank John for his 20 years of service on our Board of Directors. John's contributions including his time as our Chairman and his leadership of the Audit Committee have helped build the successful organization that we have today. John's leadership will be missed, and I'm thankful for his continued friendship. As we make this announcement, John asked me to express his gratitude for the trust and support of Deckers' stakeholders throughout his many years of service to the organization. We wish John the best in his retirement. Before I hand off to the operator for Q&A, I'd like to acknowledge the social movement happening across the United States over the past few months. The foundational belief of the Deckers organization is 'Better Together.' Our core values compel the organization to seek an active stance against racism, discrimination, and intolerance of any form. Deckers is an anti-racist organization, and we are actively taking steps to become better allies through continuous evaluation and improvement of internal practices, investments in education, and continuing to build a more inclusive workplace. Thank you to all of our employees for their exceptional efforts and commitment to our strategies. On behalf of Deckers, I hope everyone stays healthy and safe. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: We will begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Camilo Lyon from BTIG. Go ahead.
Camilo Lyon: Thank you. Good morning -- good afternoon everyone. How are you?
Dave Powers: Good.
Camilo Lyon: Doing well. So, thank you for all the details, and nice job on the quarter in a tough environment. I guess I wanted to first focus on last call, you talked about the mid-quarter performance. I believe it was down mid-single-digits. You ended the quarter down 10. And then you also talked about some forward shipments that were moved into this quarter. It sounded like as you're trying to alleviate some of the burden in your DC. Could you just articulate a little bit more around what happened in the quarter? And if at all, that's influencing how retailers are viewing their fall/winters orders with you, particularly domestically in light of the backlog, I think last time being flat.
Dave Powers: Right. Yes. So Camilo, I'll take that one. I think as we look at what happened in Q1 and on the UGG business, we were down. And that was really driven largely by wholesale being closed for the good, good portion of the quarter. And so we saw things really kind of ramp back up in business in terms of what we were seeing. I think that's what led to delivering the quarter a little bit better than kind of where we were at, call it, mid-May. So we finished the second half of the quarter a little bit stronger. The reference that we're making in terms of the second quarter, which is typically a high wholesale selling quarter, the cadence of that quarter tends to be more back half Q2 loaded. So that's really when we see historically the wholesale accounts beginning to take their orders. We've been working with them to -- in light of the social distancing and capability issues that we're going to have at our DCs, to take things earlier. We're beginning to see some of that take hold. So in Q2, we're beginning to see some wholesalers give us signals they're taking product earlier. We expect that to kind of continue through the quarter. And that's where it changes the shape of the quarter a little bit. So we'll see how that -- kind of how that plays out. It is all part of our strategy of taking some of the pressure off the peak period that will allow us to be more focused on fulfillment of our DTC channel as well as potentially if we're able to get follow-up orders on wholesale. So still a work in progress, I think we've seen a strong start to the second quarter. We know this year looks different than last. And we're just trying to smooth that out, where historically again, we see a lot of pressure on the back half of the quarter. We're trying to smooth some of that out to the earlier part of the quarter.
Camilo Lyon: Got it. That's really helpful. Thank you. And I guess the second question relates to really the expense management and the shifts on marketing. Similar sort of line of questioning, maybe if you can just highlight how much of that was marketing pushed out? My guess is that that's probably going to be concentrated in the second quarter, the second fiscal quarter or maybe early third quarter. But just a sense as to what that is. And from a higher level, the ability to take expenses down like this, is this something that you've realized that you have become more efficient with, that you can start to carry forward more going -- as we go through the year, this year, next year and years beyond to create a faster leverage point in the business model? 
Steve Fasching: Yes, Camilo, I'll take that one. So a few things just on marketing. The first thing that was really encouraging for us is we found that our demand -- the demand for our brands was very strong, particularly UGG and HOKA. And so we were able to actually pull back on some of the marketing spend as the demand for online business was already there. A couple of other things we did is we -- due to the social distancing, there was a lot of creative work that we would normally do in Q1 that we just weren't able to do in this environment. But we did shift a lot of the marketing dollars to top of funnel and more PR related and user-generated content. So I think the teams have done a phenomenal job being flexible and agile and really managing the efficiency and the effectiveness of our marketing spend. And I think that was demonstrated pretty solidly in Q1 with their ability to shift to be of the moment with the conversation that's going on amongst our consumers, to shift the marketing spend on a daily, sometimes hourly basis to maximize return. And then just be smart with where we're investing it, to make sure we're getting the spend and it's worth our time in Q1. And what we found is there were some opportunities to keep that powder dry for later in the year, particularly Q2 and Q3 with the strength and the demand of our brands during this environment. So we're going to continue to use that as a lever to adjust spend and profitability as we go forward. But as we've said before, we are going to continue to use this opportunity to invest in our brands and drive the power of those brands and growth with the goal of creating more awareness, consideration and acquisition and also taking share.
Dave Powers: And then just also, Camilo, on that point aside from the market, and we indicated that a large portion of the savings in the quarter was related to travel. We'll be able to continue to save that in the current environment, but it will be offset, as we talked about in the prepared remarks with increased costs related to our fulfillment and DC costs. So you're going to see, as Dave said, increases in Q2, Q3 related to marketing as we invest in that and redeploy some of those Q1 dollars. We'll see higher costs related to fulfillment and distribution center costs. And we'll have some savings related to reduced travel.
Camilo Lyon: Okay. So overall, we should expect to continue to see SG&A dollar growth for the balance of the year?
Steve Fasching: I think that's a fair way to probably look at it.
Dave Powers: Yes, in line with business trends, but we do have the ability in certain areas to flex depending on the business trend. But the one thing we do need to make sure we spend is on DC to be able to deliver product to our customers and to our accounts.
Camilo Lyon: Got it. And then just a follow-up on my first question, I don't know if it was addressed. Just was there any change to the order book as time unfolded since the last call and stores reopened and your wholesale partners got a little bit better sense of demand, not only in their own stores or their online channels, but demand for your brand?
Steve Fasching: Yes. So I would say, Camilo, first, the demand for the brand still remains very strong. We have seen some cancellations as people are, kind of, getting back to business and seeing selling conditions. We indicated that we expected to see some and we have seen that. So no surprises. The brands are still strong. We have seen some cancellations, which we expected.
Dave Powers: Yes. And just one other thing to be aware of it, lot of our partners sold through lot of inventory in their stores. So, folks that had omnichannel capabilities where they could ship from store. They depleted those store inventories. But since then, they've been slow to reopen those stores and some of them not opened at all yet. They haven't had to refill the inventory at a store level. They're maintaining, obviously their e-commerce business. But that's another dynamic that we're going to have to keep a close eye on as we move through the quarter. 
Camilo Lyon: Got it Thanks so much guys. Good luck.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Camilo.
Operator: Our next question is from Jonathan Komp from Baird. Go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Yes. Hi, thank you. I wanted to start there first on inventory just to follow-up. I want to ask about how you're feeling about the inventory levels across the product lines for UGG and HOKA. UGG maybe looks like a few areas online that are alight today. And just as a follow-up to the order dynamic, are you seeing retailers trying to shift some of the risk back to you in terms of hoping to chase business later in the year? Just any color there would be helpful.
Dave Powers: Yes. Sure, John. As we look at inventory, clearly we're pleased with an 8% kind of reduction coming from UGG, and that's really, as you said, kind of driven by the strong performance that we've seen online. So product resonating with consumers and selling through very well online. We have increases in HOKA as that brand continues to grow very rapidly. We want to make sure we have inventory to support the growing level of sales. So we've seen an increase in inventory related to the HOKA brand. With UGG, kind of in reference of where you're seeing some products in, this year, what we have done is intentionally shift more products to later. Last year, we were receiving products earlier. So from a timing perspective, we're going to see inventory coming in a little bit later this year versus last year. That's contributing to the improvement in lower inventory that we're seeing this year. So from an overall inventory position, we're comfortable with where we're at. We've got inventory to support the level of sales that we're delivering. And it's making sure we're bringing in where we see that pickup in sales. So that's been an area of focus. And in cases, we are bringing more inventory and to support the level of online sales that we've been seeing. So feel good about where we're at and we're continuing to manage it very closely. 
Steve Fasching: Yes. And then just to add in on the whole sale shifting risk to us. I mean we are seeing a bigger demand and drop ship, and that's something we're evaluating closely from a cost and effectiveness perspective. And then wholesalers are also cautious. So they're making sure that they're only bringing in inventory if and when they need it. Certainly, UGG and HOKA and even Teva are strong brands in their portfolios, and there's still a lot of demand. But they are being more cautious overall in managing their inventory levels between stores and warehouse for e-commerce. 
Dave Powers: Yes. And related to that, John, just on that too, as we talked about in the prepared remarks, we're working with wholesale accounts. So to your point, yes, some would like to defer. But given the current environment that we're operating and limited capabilities that we potentially have at DCs, we are encouraging wholesalers to take that product earlier because it will be hard. If they try to push it off to our peak period and we're fulfilling direct-to-consumer sales at the same time, it's going to be hard to do that. So we're working with them. We're getting positive, I would say, response in terms of a willingness to actually take some product earlier this year. 
Jonathan Komp: Okay, great. And then maybe more of a product focus for the second half of the calendar year here, just curious first on the core book business. Dave, if you have any thoughts to share on headwinds or tailwinds that you see as you look at the business, and then more broadly for UGG and HOKA, just some of the extensions more important lifestyle that you've talked about in the past on the apparel side. Could you just give an update on plans for both of those and what you're expecting?
Dave Powers: Yes, happy to. It's really interesting to see the shift in categories within the UGG band. And traditionally as you all know, we've been traditionally heavily reliant on the core franchise and obviously this time of year, the business is smaller and particularly driven by core. So we've seen a significant shift with the phenomenon of the Fluff franchise. I do think that UGG has somewhat created this slipper/sandal hybrid category that we're seeing tremendous success in. We're going to continue to drive that. We're chasing inventory in colors, there's an incredible amount of new product iterations and colors, continuing to drop throughout the quarter. We're expanding that into spring and summer next year. So that is a category that we're going to go after it aggressively and continue to dominate in that category. And what's great about it is, we're seeing a younger, more diverse consumer adopting that category, particularly online. So that's very encouraging. As you know, we've been working at spring and summer for some time now. We now have an ownable position in there that's resonating, particularly in the U.S. and starting to gain legs in international. The classics business is still important. What we have done with the back half of the year is reduced inventory in things like fashion boots. We're still expecting people to be working from home and going out less than -- more reliant on comfort at home. We do think that work for home we'll have a -- probably -- could have, I should say, a positive impact on the classics business. But people are more casual, and they just want to get outside. But we're continuing to manage the mix of categories and inventory and feel really good about the trends that you're starting to see within these new developing categories. As far as lifestyle, actually both HOKA and UGG did have good sell-through of their lifestyle product in this quarter, although, both are very, very small for us this time of the year. But we are encouraged by what we saw in HOKA with the catalog drop and the reaction to that and some of the products online. So there's a good sign of opportunity there for the HOKA brand. And then we have a significant -- our mostly significant launch, I would say, ever this fall for UGG with some new product that we think is going to be pretty exciting and compelling. And you'll see that in partnership with Nordstrom and select doors, in our flagship store that we'll be opening in the tail end of the calendar year on Fifth Avenue and certainly on our e-commerce site. So this year is only about test the waters, feel the kind of reaction we get from some of the new products in lifestyle for both HOKA and UGG, and then ramp up from there. But so far, we're optimistic about the potential and what we're seeing in the -- reacting to the consumer.
Jonathan Komp: Okay. That's really helpful. Thank you.
Dave Powers: You bet.
Operator: Our next question is from Tom Nikic from Wells Fargo. Go ahead.
Tom Nikic: Hey. Good afternoon, guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Dave Powers: Hi, Tom.
Tom Nikic: I want to ask about HOKA. You said that you would expect the growth for the balance of the year to be slower than what you saw in Q1, which sounds a little counterintuitive, given the pandemic impact in Q1. And I would think that in a -- more normal wholesale environment, you'd be able to do better with wholesale for the balance of the year. So is there any particular reason why you would think that HOKA would slow? And then also, just I want to ask about the test with the exporting good and how that's going so far?
Dave Powers: Yes. So, I think, at this point, we're very pleased, obviously, with the results of HOKA. This quarter performed better than we expected back in May, when we were talking about it. The success of the HOKA ecosystem, which we call it, which is really about balancing strategic access points for our consumer with key accounts and staying focused on a reduced tight distribution at wholesale and then really leveraging that to create awareness and excitement, but ultimately driving consumers to our website that we can cultivate for the long term. We're going to continue on that trend. I think, what you see in the rest of the year is reflected in how we've talked about it, is just the uncertainty that we see out in the environment with regards to wholesale. I still think we can drive excitement and revenue in e-commerce. But on a global scale, the wholesale is still the area that we're still cautious about. The brand has also delayed a couple of the product launches and to make sure that we can execute and keep the marketplace clean due to some of the store closures and wholesale. That's serving us well. So we're still optimistic. We're still planning on having a growth year, but we're just being a little bit cautious with the uncertainty on how things are going to pan out in the back half of the year for that brand. But still certainly, a strong important brand for our wholesalers, those that can open stores and have an online business, but continuing to drive the e-commerce business as a priority. With regards to DICK’S, it's going very well. It's in about 11 stores right now. That's one we're taking slow cautious approach with. We want to focus on high sell-throughs, quality sales with that partner. And again, it's something where you can continue to evaluate, but it's off to a good start. DICK’S is happy, we're happy, and we'll evaluate that within the mix of the ecosystem going forward.
Tom Nikic: Sounds good. Thanks very much and best of luck for the rest of the year.
Dave Powers: You bet. Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Our next question is from Sam Poser from Susquehanna. Go ahead.
Sam Poser: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. I hope everyone is great. A couple of things, one, can you give us -- you mentioned it was UGG. Can you give us the wholesale for the direct-to-consumer, year-over-year increase by brand, please, for the quarter? And then I have a couple more.
Dave Powers: The wholesale -- you said the UGG brand...
Sam Poser: You gave us the UGG wholesale, you gave us the wholesale increase in your prepared remarks. Could you give us the wholesale revenue increase for the balance of the brand? 
Dave Powers: Non-UGG brands is what you're asking for?
Sam Poser: Right. For Teva, HOKA Sanuk and the other and other, yes.
Dave Powers: Yes, sure. So HOKA was up 10% on the wholesale. Teva on wholesale was down 30%, right. Sanuk was down wholesale 50%. And other brands was small, I mean, nothing, small dollars.
Sam Poser: Okay. Thank you. And then can you give us a little more color on this UGG shipping shift? And are you -- and in order to get the retailer, are you having them take not only goods earlier in the quarter, but are you trying to have them shift some receipts from Q3 into Q2 as well? And are you working with them by giving them extended dating on that product in order so they go with it? 
Dave Powers: Yes. Yes. So what we're kind of yes to all of the above. What we're doing is within the quarter, we're trying to move things earlier, right, which we're working on and seeing some progress on that front. Additionally, as we get into Q3, we're encouraging them to look at taking deliveries in Q2. That's still work in progress. We're continuing to work on that. And where we're seeing a willingness to take product earlier, we're working with them to help facilitate that. And it really kind of depends on the circumstances in the customers, but where we can get them to take it earlier, we're definitely willing to provide and work with them and accommodating that.
Sam Poser: So if we think about the two quarters separately for UGG wholesale from a -- like from a year-over-year basis, do you expect Q3 to be like better -- like I mean, down because of the shifting down less than Q4 or up less, or however, you want to look at it, then I mean -- or sorry, Q2 up less than Q3 or not? How should we think about that sort of between quarters without telling us -- you don't want to guide. So -- but I mean should you think about Q2 on a year-over-year basis being better than Q3 or vice versa? 
Dave Powers: Yes. So, again, looking at the quarter I think without giving guidance, just how we're looking at it because we don't yet know how much traction we're going to get in terms of how much of that product may shift out of Q3 into Q2. Ideally, what we would like to see is more product than say, what you saw a year ago, kind of coming into Q2, which would be then lower for that business Q3. So that October through December quarter, the more we could get moved into Q2, our September ending quarter, we would like to do. We don't know how successful we're going to be at that. Clearly, wholesale customers want their product. We would like them to get it and make sure that they have it and they're ready for the selling season. So, I can't answer that question. That's why we're -- part of the reason we're not giving guidance, but we are trying to move more of that Q3 wholesale into Q2where we can. 
Sam Poser: And two more things, that's, one, because you want to make sure you can handle the direct-to-consumer during the holiday, number one. That's number one. And two on a separate issue, can you -- where are you on chasing that very strong slipper and slide business with UGGs right now? And just where are you with that? Because I hear the demand is -- you also talked about the demand there being very good.
Dave Powers: Yes. So just a couple of things on that, Sam. I can't underscore enough the importance of us focusing our Q3 DC efforts on our e-commerce business, despite that we expect to get an e-commerce in a short period of time, the last call it, six to eight weeks of the calendar year is going to be intense. And with social distancing challenges in our DCs, we really needed as many wholesale out quarters out as soon as we can. So, we're hopeful that our partners will be supportive of that, and we're seeing some success there. But this is such a hard year to call with regards to timing and what's going to happen in the quarter. So, we're doing everything we can to make sure that that happens. But we're really trying to make sure that we're ready and able to service the e-commerce business in that peak period because it's so critical and a lot of handling on the individual orders. With regards to the Fluff franchise, I'd say we're in pretty good shape. We were bullish on this from an order perspective. We've been supporting this category, seeing inventory going to buys from our categories into this as well as I said, there's a lot of newness coming in drops that will help fuel the excitement in demand. So, we do feel good about our position on that. Certainly, the demand is very high, and that's super exciting and we see that continuing not just in Q2 and Q3, but also intoQ4 as well.
Sam Poser: Thank you very much. Continue to success.
Dave Powers: Thanks Sam.
Steve Fasching: Thanks Sam.
Operator: Our next question is from Jay Sole from UBS. Go ahead.
Jay Sole: Great. Thank you so much. Dave, I wanted to ask you about HOKA. You mentioned you were pleased with some of the growth you saw in Europe. And some of the storytelling there was sort of a factor in that. Can you just tell us a little bit about those stores you're telling and given the size of HOKA in Europe now? And what you see the prospects are for future growth going forward?
Dave Powers: Yes. Essentially, what we're seeing in Europe is a few things. One is we do have an emerging and strong e-commerce business there, but it's still small. And in comparison to the U.S., e-commerce internationally is something that we're focusing on and really trying to build. The growth percentages there are very strong, but it's still smaller as the total business. We did mention distributors in the script. We have a very strong distributor in the northern part of Europe, and they've been less affected by the COVID situation, so their orders are still strong and helping in the quarter. But the brand is certainly resonating. We launched the Clifton Edge this last month. Europe was very successful with that launch, and there was great demand for that product over there. But essentially what you're seeing, globally really not just Europe, is executing on a playbook that the brand has put together. And what that really is, is reaching a diverse consumer through real-life stories of our users. And so we're championing individual athletes who are making bold statements in the world and in their lives and using HOKA to improve and change their lives. And we're letting them tell their stories, and we're partnering with people who do that for us. And so that's creating a great level of awareness across a broad range of consumers and tapping into an emotional connection that is really powerful. And we've said from day one, we'll let the consumers speak about the product and let them talk about how it's affecting their lives and the performance of it. And that's the formula that is resonating. So we're continuing to do that with Humans of HOKA, storytelling and tapping into the virtual Ironman and some of our athletes, and leveraging even some of the smaller running groups on a local basis to use their content and their storytelling to really spread the word of the brand and create the authentic and meaningful connection with the consumer that we're seeing.
Jay Sole: Got it. Thank you so much.
Dave Powers: You bet.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Lejuez from Citi Research. Go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Hey, guys, Paul Lejuez. Two questions, one, I guess can you talk a little bit about the state of HOKA inventory within the specialty channel and how your retail partners have been able to sell-through product as their stores have reopened? And then second, you did mention you expect further challenges as a result of COVID. Are there any that did not show up in 1Q that you're already seeing in 2Q in terms of challenges? Or was that more of a general statement being cautious? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yes. I'll take the second one first. I think some of the challenges that we thought we would see, we didn't necessarily see it. And I think what we are seeing, we talked about this in the script is I would call it, there's an acceleration to the Fluff franchise and HOKA and also Teva from the work in home -- work-from-home environment where people either from UGG perspective want to be comfortable and are seeking out footwear that is comfortable, but still stylish. But also, they're trying to get outdoors and be healthy again, whether that's running or whether that's hiking or camping or going on family trips and national parks. This has been an accelerator, I think, for both HOKA and Teva at the same time as UGG. So that's a dynamic that we saw emerging, but it prove to be a lot more powerful than we thought. And so I definitely think we're benefiting from that. But certainly, if we didn't have the product that the brand's created and the innovation that we put into the marketplace along with the emotional connection in the marketing, we wouldn't be able to capitalize on that. So I think the brands have done a phenomenal job of taking advantage of the situation, being sensitive to the moment and connecting with consumers on an authentic and personal level, and driving the health of the brand. As far as HOKA inventory in the channel, early on the HOKA team did a great job of pushing out deliveries, so that the wholesale partners could sell-through existing inventories. They wouldn't get stuck with it. And they have been very focused on executing a clean marketplace, high full-price sell-through, very little liquidation in the marketplace. And that is continuing. And I would say, the wholesale inventory situation for HOKA, as well as our other brands as well are very strong, very healthy and not a lot of markdowns. But again, we're cautious going forward because we think the environment is still going to be very uncertain. But right now as it stands, the marketplace wholesale inventory is healthy and strong. 
Steve Fasching: Yes. And Paul, also just to add on to that, I think kind of what we're talking about too, keep in mind the significant increase in volumes that we're starting to talk about. So one difference between Q1and kind of later Q2 and Q3, we start getting into significantly higher volumes. And so that's where we want to make sure we're in a position to be able to fulfill. So when you hear us kind of all the things that we're trying to do is trying to mitigate some of that peak demand period and reducing the load on our DCs. 
Paul Lejuez: Got it. Thanks. 
Steve Fasching: Yes. That's our biggest challenge, for sure. And then the other thing to just keep in mind that's important for everybody to understand is this mix of this quarter versus the rest of the year. It's going to be very different. So it's not only a very different quarter, it's the whole year in the mix of business and how -- and the cadence and flow of it is going to be something that we haven't seen before. But we're feeling good about how we're able to manage through that. 
Paul Lejuez: Got it. Thank you, guys. Good luck
Steve Fasching: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Our next question is from Jim Duffy from Stifel. Go ahead.
Jim Duffy: Thank you. A Few questions for me. First, on the topic of e-commerce business and the social distancing protocols start hitting operations, what are some of the other things you guys are doing to help through core capacity as you get into that peak season? And I'm curious does it make sense to incentivize consumers to purchase earlier as well? 
Dave Powers: Yes. We're -- the supply chain teams have been an exceptional job at managing not only the flow of product from a production standpoint, but also working with our partners and the sales teams on D.C. bypass. So the increase that we're seeing in D.C. bypass versus last year has been significant and meaningful, so that's been super helpful. Partners are willing in some cases have shown to be able to take some inventory earlier. And so those are the tactics that we're using. As far as incentivizing consumers to shop earlier, I think with new introductions of product, they're doing that. And I think when we get into kind of core classics business that is real business driver in Q2 and Q3, we can look at that, but we certainly don't want to get promotional or do incentives that are going to damage the brand or margins at the sake of getting people to shop earlier. But I think we'll get creative around it and just use the effective marketing and PR tools that we've developed to be able to drive excitement at the right times and try to get people to shop a little earlier. 
Jim Duffy: And then I also wanted to ask a question on HOKA global reach. It sounds like growth has been very strong with international distributors. Historically, international has been about half the global pairs. Are the international pairs is now higher than the U.S.? And then how do you split the mix for HOKA brands of international between Europe and other regions? 
Dave Powers: Yes. So from a unit perspective, I think where you're trying to go, Jim, is we're probably looking at equivalent units, right, that we have higher dollar revenue in the U.S. because of the distribution channels that we're using versus distributors internationally. We are seeing growth in both. So the international growth is coming on strong as units are catching up to what we're doing in the U.S. And then the second part of your question again was?
Jim Duffy: The mix of the international business that's from Europe versus other regions.
Dave Powers: Yes. So, Europe is definitely our strongest international region for HOKA. Japan, smaller market, doing very well and really just starting to get into China. So, Europe, by far, on the international front, biggest and most mature, but still growing very rapidly.
Jim Duffy: Thank you.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session. The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-05-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands’ Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions [Operator Instructions]. I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, VP of Investor Relations and Corporate Planning. Please go ahead.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you everyone for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical facts, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding the impact of COVID-19 on our business and industry, changes in consumer behavior and the retail environment, strength of our brands and demand for our products, changes to our distribution and inventory management strategies and our anticipated financial performance, cost savings and liquidity position. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management’s current expectations, and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Please note that throughout the discussion, there maybe references to certain non-GAAP financial measures for comparable prior year results. These non-GAAP financial measures refer to results before taking into account non-recurring charges that are not believed to be core to our ongoing operating results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not adjusted for constant currency. While we are not reporting any non-GAAP financial adjustments for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, a reconciliation between our reported GAAP and non-GAAP results for the prior year can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our Web site under the Investors tab. With that, I will now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone. As our fiscal year 2020 came to an end, communities around the world were experiencing impacts from the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. On behalf of the Deckers organization, I'd like to extend our thoughts to everyone affected by the virus and share our deepest gratitude to all the individuals on the frontlines of this crisis, especially the healthcare workers and first responders. I'd also like to thank all of our employees for their efforts during this unprecedented time. The entire Deckers organization understands that this is a very difficult time for many people. I'm proud of how our employees and brands have risen to the occasion to serve communities in need through programs such as our better together initiative that we launched to support COVID-19 pandemic relief efforts. Through monetary contributions, we're working to support small businesses in our communities and the individuals they employ. In addition, our brands are contributing in kind donations of product. To-date we've donated over 10,000 pairs of shoes to first responders and essential workers. At Deckers, we believe doing good is essential to the success of our employees, brands and organization as a whole. We'll continue to do our part and supporting those in need through these trying times. We're all in this together. Given the extraordinary circumstances, today's dialog is going to follow different structure than our past earnings calls. To outline, I'll begin with a discussion on how we're responding to and navigating through the crisis. Then give an update on the status of our operations, as well as walk through some of the trends we're seeing in the business through the first half of our first quarter. And finish with a condensed overview of our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020 performance, which will include some details on the pandemic’s effects in our business in the fourth quarter. Steve will then review the numbers in more detail and expand on some of our COVID-19 related action items. After that, we'll be happy to take questions. From a business perspective, the COVID-19 pandemic has had and will continue to have widespread effects across our entire industry. However, I believe Deckers is well positioned to weather these impacts with the foundation of the organization we have created over the past three years. We have built a resilient portfolio of healthy brands, delivered levels of operating profit that are top tier among our peer group and most importantly, we maintained a robust liquidity position of over $1 billion between our cash balance and available borrowings under our credit facilities. As we plan for fiscal year 2021 and beyond, our leadership team is focused on protecting the progress we made in our brands, as well as our position as a best-in-class organization. We've developed numerous scenarios in evaluating the pandemic’s potential impact on our business with an eye on the timing of when the consumer re-emerges into what we would call the new normal. Our scenario planning has produced action plans intended to mitigate related headwinds, while at the same time, comparing us to the future state of business, representing our brands to deliver a compelling experience and what we anticipate will be a much different consumer landscape and selling environment. With that in mind, we've taken the following actions to empower the Deckers organization to emerge stronger exiting the pandemic, including protecting our brands; maintaining the effectiveness of our organization and preserving our strong liquidity position; reallocating marketing spend to prioritize digital growth, while supporting strategic areas of brand level investment; and adjusting inventory buys to reflect more conservative scenarios of consumer demand with a focus on skew productivity and high velocity product turns; and learning from new ways of working, including working remotely and leveraging technology. In addition to these actions, we are holding frequent discussions with our wholesale partners as we work in tandem to support the health of our brands. We continue to monitor updates from health officials, expert agencies and local authorities to inform our decision making process. Steve will provide more details later in the call on how these actions inform our fiscal 2021 planning. From an operations perspective, our Marina Valley Distribution Center has continued to operate since reopening. This DC is operating at a modified and slightly limited capacity due to increased social distancing measures taken as a precaution to maintain employee safety. The safety of our employees is our top consideration as we make adjustments to our operations. As a result, we may experience some challenges as we approach peak months of shipping late in our second quarter and early in the third quarter. These are all factors relevant to our scenario planning. We are also making adjustments to the operations of our retail store fleet to appropriately accommodate updated health and safety measures in order to protect our retail store employees, as well as our customers visiting our physical locations. We are intentionally reopening at a measured pace and using the early learnings to shape our broader go forward strategy. Our direct to consumer leadership is empowering retail associates with educational tools and training related to the new working environment. With the small number of doors that we have reopened, we are encouraged to see consumers actively reengaging with the UGG brand stores. In terms of stores opened versus closed as of this week by region; about 20% of North America stores are open and operating in a very limited capacity; roughly half of our EMEA stores are open; approximately 20% of our stores in Japan are open; and all of our owned retail stores in China are open. Though, a portion of our stores have opened across the globe. most of them are closed for the majority of the 45-day period I'll be outlining momentarily. We'll continue to adjust store openings, as well as our warehouse operations based on the guidance provided by health officials, expert agencies, as well as federal, state and local officials. From a sourcing standpoint, we have a network of financially strong and well managed strategic partners, from material vendors to factories. With the help of our sourcing and material teams, we have worked closely with our strategic partners to ramp up quickly after the COVID-19 related closures. At this point, we do not have any major concerns from a sourcing perspective. From an employee standpoint, across North America, Europe and Japan, our corporate teams have temporarily transitioned to a work from home environment where possible by defined rules. I'm pleased with how our employees have stepped up and proven to be highly productive in this new and dynamic environment. We'll look to health officials, expert agencies and local authorities, to identify both the timing of when to return to offices and what adjustments will be necessary to provide a safe space, including the appropriate social distancing measures. I'll now walk through our first quarter fiscal 2021 performance to-date as compared to last year, which includes April 1st through May 15th. While these trends relates to what we are currently experiencing, due to historical seasonality of our business, this time period only represents roughly 5% of our annual sales volume. And thus, is not necessarily indicative of the dynamics that we anticipate for future periods. On that note, as we move later into the first quarter, our business becomes more wholesale weighted and marketplace dynamics for the upcoming months remain fluid. Overall, the business is trending down single digits quarter to date as compared to last year, with wholesale trending down in the mid-30% range and direct to consumer trending up in the high 40% range. Wholesale trends are being driven by store closures as many wholesalers are not taking new shipments of product while stores remain closed. We've remained in close contact with our wholesale partners as we work together to support our brands. Our brands are experiencing different impacts from the current wholesale environment. And this is the low period of volume for UGG and Koolaburra, while our HOKA ONE ONE brand is spread more evenly throughout the year. For Hoka, we've made adjustments to our product launches and inventory purchasing, to better allow our wholesale partners to capture consumer demand with existing inventory as they’re able to reopen stores and work to best leverage our online presence. For our direct-to-consumer business, as I mentioned, the majority of our 145 stores remain closed but we're seeing triple digit e-commerce growth, driven by full price selling at both UGG and HOKA, helping to offset some of the volume loss from retail. I would note that the first quarter is traditionally a lowest period of direct-to-consumer volume, and the mix of HOKA e-commerce is disproportionately larger than in total DC volume than in other quarters. We've been very encouraged by the consistently strong interest in our UGG and HOKA brands, as evidenced by Google Trends over the last two months. With UGG search interest up 73% over the last year and HOKA search interest growth being second highest among peer brands. We think this speaks well to the power of our brands, that consumers are actively searching and buying our products during a historically low period of consumer demand. We're also experiencing a substantial gain in new customer acquisition online, which has been great news as we know that customers entering our online database have a higher lifetime value and purchase frequency than those purchasing in stores. We're especially excited about UGG customer acquisitions as this is typically a lower volume period for the brand. And our strategy aims to convert these new customers into repeat purchases down the road in the holiday period. I would like to caution though, as we move into the second and third quarters, retail volume typically becomes more impactful to our overall results. And we do not expect e-commerce to fully capture lost retail sales volume in the event that stores remain closed or limited in operation. From a global brand perspective, our quarter-to-date performance by brand across all channels, compared to last year through May 15th include, UGG down mid-single-digits due to lower wholesale shipments, resulting from doors remaining shut, as well as the impact of our owned retail store closures. However, we are very encouraged to see the pent up demand being captured through our e-commerce channel. HOKA up in the low 30% range, and now 45 days in the small portion of the full year, we are going to continue filling the brand with a goal of sustaining growth above fiscal 2020. And Teva and Sanuk down in the low 40% and mid 30% ranges respectively, as these brands are experiencing a heavier impact due to the seasonality of their businesses, with Koolaburra representing an immaterial volume during this period of year. While we feel positive about the trends we're seeing in the business, there's still plenty of hurdles to overcome in a challenged consumer environment with social distancing practices in place and recessionary concerns that could pressure discretionary spending. Moving into our discussion on fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020 performance. Revenue in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020 was down 5% versus last year to $375 million with the shortfall driven by an approximate $25 million headwind from unforeseen COVID-19 impacts. As a reminder, we provided fourth quarter guidance on January 30th. And at that time, we had only anticipated preliminary estimates of COVID-19 impacts on our China business. To provide a little more color on how our performance was impacted by this event in the fourth quarter, our prior guidance anticipated China headwinds of approximately $5 million for the quarter compared to last year, mostly driven by store closures and our performance aligned with this expectation. As the pandemic spread to Europe, we saw significant deterioration of the quarter-to-date growth rate trend in the region, shifting from over 20% over last year at the end of February to just 6% over last year at the end of March. As the United States shutdown in mid-March, we have been trending around 3% over last year through March 15th and saw this decline to 8% below last year by the end of March, with combined impact of retail store closures, as well as reduced wholesale shipments. Despite the fourth quarter impacts, full year fiscal 2020 performance remained strong as revenue grew by 6% versus the prior year to $2.133 billion and earnings per share increased 9% versus the prior year to $9.62. Deckers’ fiscal year 2020 performance is a result of having great brands that have built lasting relationships with consumers and continue to build awareness and momentum through targeted focused investments, complemented by a disciplined approach to managing expenses. Turning to the brand highlights during fiscal year 2020, starting with the fashion and lifestyle group, which is comprised of our UGG and Koolaburra brand. For full year fiscal 2020, global UGG sales declined by 1% versus last year to $1.521 billion. Considering lost revenue on Q4 due to COVID-19, UGG would have been roughly flat last year, which is inclusive of a large headwind related to the European marketplace reset in progress. In contrast to the headwinds of the brands and international businesses, UGG grew by 5% in the United States for the second consecutive year. The UGG brand strength in the U.S. has been driven by; high levels of brand heat through PR and targeted marketing investments; driving brand search interest up 8% as compared to last year; winning with younger consumers as DTC purchasers aged 18 to 34 increased by 29% versus last year; increased loyalty membership and purchasing as enrollment in UGG rewards increased 60% and revenue from members grew 19% as compared to last year. with members spending more on average; and a diversified product mix as the Fluff Yeah and Neumel franchises, both drove significant growth. We'll look to build on the strength of our domestic business, as we whether the evolving economic and retail landscape in fiscal 2021, and look to capitalize on the brand strength as work from home becomes a new normal for many of our consumers. The UGG team has made compelling progress in the brand's domestic business over the past three years, and is focused on protecting the brand sanctity that they worked so hard to build. Moving to Koolaburra, global revenue in fiscal year 2020 grew by 58% versus last year to $70 million. The Koolaburra brand’s performance was fueled by another year of strong full price sell through and market share gains within the domestics family value channel. Koolaburra also experienced success with its licensed home business, and has plans to expand to licensed lounge wear this fall in an effort to further extend the brand's lifestyle appeal. Given the value proposition of the brand, we believe Koolaburra will be poised to capture demand from budget conscious consumers in the coming year. Moving to the performance lifestyle group, which comprised of the HOKA, Teva and Sanuk brands. Starting with HOKA, global revenue for fiscal year 2020 increased by 58% versus last year to $353 million. The HOKA brand far outperformed our expectations from the outset of this year. HOKA growth has been consistently balanced across the globe in the brands domestic and international businesses, and across both wholesale and direct to consumer channels. This balance has been achieved due to the team's dedication to what we refer to as the HOKA ecosystem, which provides a universally elevated consumer experience across all regions and channels of distribution. Leveraging the organizational expertise that exists in a multi-brand portfolio, the HOKA brand has quickly evolved its digital presence to become a core strength and represent the ultimate access point of the brand. HOKA digital has become a serious driver of both customer retention and new customer acquisition. Both retained and acquiring customers nearly doubled year-over-year in the HOKA brand’s global direct to consumer business. The HOKA brand success in fiscal year 2020 is a result of great heritage products, new product innovation and continuing refinements of the HOKA ecosystem attracting new consumers. HOKA has significant momentum. And while broader market trends may limit the brand’s incredible growth rate in fiscal year 2021, we're going to continue investing in HOKA to fuel our brand and consumer informed marketplace strategy. Turning to our Teva and Sanuk brand. Global revenue in fiscal year 2020 was $138 million and $51 million respectively. Both the Teva and Sanuk brands are attracting consumers with innovative product introductions that feature sustainability stories. This includes Teva's Strap in to Freedom campaign, highlighting new use of recycled materials now on nearly all the original sandal straps. Similarly, Sanuk continues to operate eco-friendly options, including their [Bead-in] collection. To amplify these efforts and embrace the ever changing serve specialty space, the Sanuk brand has recently streamlined operations to work directly with our internal innovation department, known as Deckers labs. By collaborating directly with Deckers labs, recreating cost efficiencies in the business, while also reinvigorating the Sanuk brand innovation engine. With respect to channel performance, global wholesale sales increased 7% for the full fiscal year. Fiscal 2020 performance was driven primarily by domestic strength in the HOKA, UGG and Koolaburra brands. Domestic wholesale has now grown over 9% for two consecutive years based on the strength of these brands. For the year, international wholesale increased low single-digits due to HOKA brand’s expansion, being partially offset by the ongoing European reset of the UGG brand that is similar to the strategy we successfully implemented in the UGG brand’s domestic wholesale marketplace. We also experienced negative pressure from foreign currency exchange rates. Global direct-to-consumer sales increased 3% for the full fiscal year, comparable sales for full fiscal year increased 5% versus the prior year. Please note that our GDV comp for fiscal 2020 has been adjusted to exclude the final weeks of March retail volume as a result of COVID-19. For the full year, DTC performance was driven by global growth of the HOKA brand, as the brand nearly doubled its e-commerce volume year-over-year and domestic strength of the UGG brand online. We've been intensely focused on enhancing the adoption of our brands online over the past few years, and this will be a primary focus in fiscal 2021 with the disruption of the retail landscape. With that, I'll hand the call over to Steve to provide more details on the fourth quarter and fiscal 2020 results, as well as some additional thoughts on fiscal 2021.
Steve Fasching: Thanks Dave and good afternoon, everyone. Before we jump into our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020 results, as well as an overview of our approach to managing the business in this unprecedented environment, I'd like to take a moment to highlight the strategies we've implemented over the past few years. The actions we've taken have built a more efficient business and created a strong framework and solid footing to navigate the current uncertainty. More specifically, we've implemented the UGG domestic wholesale marketplace management strategy; reducing the risk of excess inventory in the wholesale marketplace and lowering the risk of default with a smaller and healthier account base; built a strong partnership for the HOKA brand in the run specialty channel, driving awareness and customer affinity, while also capturing accelerated demand through direct-to-consumer; invested in digital infrastructure and marketing for all our brands to deliver a compelling consumer experience; shifted cost structure by reducing fixed costs and investing in variable categories; consolidated our factory base to work with financially strong partners with diversified operations outside of China; and made a targeted improvement to Teva and Sanuk profitability. The flexibility of our operating model is serving us well during these challenging times, allowing us to effectively navigate the current environment. We believe that our past and ongoing efforts provide the foundation to proactively manage through the COVID-19 disruption. We're working from a relative position of strength as compared to our peers due to the significant operating enhancements we've made over the past few years. Our actions drove improvements of over 600 basis points to our non-GAAP operating margin as compared to fiscal 2017, and more than doubled cash and equivalents to $649 million at the end of our year fiscal 2020. Now moving to our results. While we ended the year with revenue slightly below our January guidance, the main driver of the shortfall was the impact of the global pandemic in the final weeks of March. Despite these headwinds, Deckers still delivered a third consecutive full year of mid-single-digit revenue growth and top tier operating margins among peers. Our full year fiscal 2020 revenue came in at $2.133 billion, representing growth of 5.6% over the prior year. On a constant currency basis, revenue grew by 6.5% as compared to last year. The HOKA brand contributed the majority of the year-over-year increase, up $129 million with Koolaburra contributing an incremental $26 million over last year with Sanuk and UGG revenue offsetting some of the gains. Absent fourth quarter impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, we believe UGG revenue would have been roughly flat to last year. Additionally, with the results achieved, UGG brand revenue in the year was flat to the prior year on a constant currency basis. Overall, these results were below the high-end of our guidance range by $27 million, with fourth quarter revenue coming in at $375 million, down 4.9% from last year. The lower than expected revenue was predominantly driven by approximately $25 million headwind related to the COVID-19 pandemic. These headwinds were driven by approximately $20 million related to wholesale shipments as the final two weeks of March typically include high volume shipping of spring summer product, and we experienced disruption from both the temporary closure of our West Coast distribution center, as well as wholesale partners closing stores. And $5 million in loss direct-to-consumer sales as we closed the majority of our retail locations in mid-March. Gross margins for the full fiscal year was 51.8%, up 26 basis points to last year. The increase in gross margin was driven by margin expansion in our performance lifestyle group brands, lower UGG domestic wholesale promotional activity and less close out volume, partially offset by negative currency pressure from foreign exchange rate fluctuations, increased UGG brand promotional activity outside of the U.S. and channel mix headwinds due to wholesale dollar growth outpacing DTC. This result includes the strong performance of gross margins in the fourth quarter, which came in slightly above our implied guidance of 51.5% with outperformance largely driven by gains in our performance lifestyle group. From an expense standpoint, our full year spend was up 7.4% to $765.5 million compared to last year's GAAP spend of $712.9 million, and up 7.3% to last year's non-GAAP spend of $713.3 million. As a percentage of sales, expenses de-levered against the prior year, which was aligned with our guidance as we executed reinvestment plans behind our key initiatives, including investments in marketing to drive brand heat and awareness in HOKA, UGG men and UGG women's non-core styles, building our technology, tools and talent base to advance analytical capabilities and drive efficiencies in how we connect with consumers and using innovation to develop incremental opportunities that can add value to our brand portfolio. These results are inclusive of actions we were able to take during the fourth quarter in conjunction with the lower revenue we were experiencing. Additionally, in the fourth quarter, we benefited from the reversal of accruals related to performance-based compensation, as well as a lower tax expense resulting from jurisdictional mix and timing of certain tax items. Our effective tax rate for the year was 19%, which was largely benefited from a state refund and other onetime discrete items, which compares favorably to 19.6% in the previous year. The impact of these results drove earnings per share of $0.57 in the fourth quarter, ultimately delivering a full year fiscal 2020 earnings per share of $9.62, which compares to last year's $8.84 and our guidance range of $9.40 to $9.50. The $0.78 increase to last year was driven by higher sales and profitability in the performance lifestyle group and the fashion lifestyle group's domestic business, and benefits of share repurchases, interest income and the lower tax rate, with offsets coming from lower sales of UGG internationally due to the ongoing marketplace reset in EMEA and higher spend related to investment behind building technology tools and the talent base to advance our analytical capabilities. Turning to our balance sheet. At March 31, 2020, we ended fiscal 2020 with $649 million in cash compared to $590 million cash last year, with additional availability of $469 million to borrow on existing lines of credit. Inventories were up 11.8% at $312 million compared to last year at $279 million. Note that inventory growth over last year would have been below the rate of sales growth if not for the revenue impacts experienced in the fourth quarter due to COVID-19. And in looking at our inventory position, we are comfortable with the quality of our inventory on hand as the high proportion represents core product with low levels of markdown risk. During the fiscal year, we repurchased $190 million worth of shares. But as we did not repurchase any stock in the fourth quarter, we still have $160 million remaining authorized for repurchase as of March 31, 2020. And with the current near term uncertainty and emphasis on liquidity and cash management, we've decided to pause any share repurchase activity for the time being. Although, we may commence share repurchase in future periods as we deem appropriate. And for the year, these results once again returned invested capital above 20%. Switching gears to our global backlog, which includes bulk orders and represents an order book snapshot as of March 31, 2020. Backlog was up 4.6% versus the prior year at March 31, 2019. Given the current state of the economy, we do not believe backlog represents a true indicator of performance, and we are not planning our business based on backlog. Subsequent to March 31st, we have experienced some cancellations related to COVID-19 disruption. As a result, our total backlog as of mid-May, inclusive of all brands, has declined to be roughly flat as compared to last year. While we haven't seen a large amount of cancellations to date, we anticipate there will be additional cancellations and thus, are taking a cautious approach in planning the back half of fiscal year 2021. Overall, we are forecasting cancellations to outweigh reorders, the backlog does not include any indication of direct-to-consumer expectations. And as mentioned earlier, the retail environment remains unclear. Finally moving on to our forward looking expectation for fiscal year 2021. Given the ongoing and fluid economic environment related to the COVID-19 pandemic, we will not be providing specific guidance for full fiscal year 2021 at this time. However, I will outline the major themes and how we are managing the business in these uncertain times. While we are not providing guidance, we are approaching fiscal year 2021 with the expectation that total revenue will decline year-over-year, but we believe the HOKA brand will still experience some growth, albeit at a rate lower than we've seen in our first quarter to date trend. The fashion lifestyle group will face headwinds related to the continued international softness and wholesale cancellations. Inventory levels will be elevated as we carry core product from spring and summer season disruption, as well as delay product launches to protect the health of our brand. And expenses will be tightly managed as we look to conserve our cash balance. As Dave mentioned, we've already taken some actions to reduce expense in fiscal year 2021. But we've also developed a number of scenarios to adjust spending based on the timing of expected economic recovery and our operational performance along the way. We have had meaningful discussions with our key wholesale partners to help inform our partnership in planning inventory buys and peak season volume. We believe a conservative approach in fiscal year 2021 will set up a strong return to our operating model in year fiscal 2022. Prior to the spread of the pandemic, we have been planning a continuation of our operating model, which included increased investments in our key initiatives to drive further top-line growth. Now that we are operating in a much different climate, we've reduced planned expenses related to our priorities expectation of revenue growth, and plan to redeploy a portion of our existing expense base to areas with the highest return. More specifically, some of the adjustments that we've made, include reducing costs associated with travel and brand conferences; reducing SKU complexity with an edit to amplify strategy that drives savings in our supply chain; finding efficiencies in the workforce, including the implementation of a hiring freeze and foregoing merit increases; savings related to store closures and operating stores in a more limited capacity; and reducing or eliminating other discretionary expenditures. These adjustments give us the ability to dial up or back the planned marketing investments aimed at fueling global HOKA momentum, depending on the curve of economic recovery. Our focus is to preserve the sanctity of our brands, as well as the organizations we've built to support our strong operating model. This operating model is what allows us to make better decisions with an offense focused mindset, and will ultimately establish the foundation for success on the other side of this pandemic. With our healthy cash position of $649 million that includes no debt under our credit facilities as of March 31 2020 and $469 million available on our existing lines of credit, Deckers is in a competitive liquidity position and is poised to combat the economic pressures resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. Our focus is to make disciplined financial decisions in the best interest of the organization, while protecting the momentum and health of our brands. We are taking steps designed to put the company in a position to emerge from this crisis with a healthy balance sheet, including a strong cash position with the following considerations in mind; a current pause on share repurchase and disciplined inventory management, all paired with a focused investment in key drivers to ensure we capture demand where possible, ultimately emerging with continued strong brand positioning. Again, I'd like to reiterate that with healthy and in-demand brands, we are in a position to play offense and build on the momentum of our brands. Over the past few years, we've demonstrated the ability to course correct where necessary, and our fiscal year 2021 will be no different. As we execute our strategies, we may experience some short-term pressures on operating margins. But it is our belief that this strategy will best enable our brands to emerge stronger as we move beyond this crisis. With that, I'll turn it back to Dave for his closing remarks.
Dave Powers: Thank you, Steve. As I reflect on the year's performance, my key takeaway is recognizing the strength of our brand, along with an appreciation for their commitment to staying purpose driven. The power of each brand lies within the authentic connections they forge with their respective consumer base. Each of our brands remains open for business and are here to serve consumers during this uncertain time. Special thanks to our employees in the frontline, including our warehouse teams, retail associates and customer service agents, who continue to deliver and serve our customers in these extraordinary circumstances. As we look towards adapting operations to endure the near-term challenges, we're doing so with our sights on the future. We are evaluating our business strategically and intend to emerge from this pandemic with new opportunities and additional strength in the Deckers portfolio. As we navigate forward, I am confident that the Deckers organization will embrace challenges, adopting new ways to collaborate, thrive and inspire each other, as we build in our foundation to become stronger. Through it all, we will develop ways to improve our business, including innovations within our planning, production and the delivery of compelling product to the market. As we evolve these operations, we’ll be mindful to preserve the progress we've made and we’ll stay true to their underlying strategy. The Deckers organization will overcome near-term hurdles, while setting our sights on the goal of emerging stronger. With that in mind, we will continue to fuel the HOKA brand with digital marketing campaigns and virtual touchpoints to engage with consumers; focus on what matters in UGG, leaning into key styles and protecting marketplace management progress; enhance our e-commerce capabilities and digital presence in the omni-channel atmosphere, as we look to accelerate even faster during and beyond this crisis; and stay true to the Deckers spirit becoming better together as we evolve and innovate in the face of challenge, looking to continually develop and improve our operations and community. Overall, in the current environment, our company, brand and balance sheet are well positioned. We will manage the business with a high level of flexibility throughout the rest of the year. Thank you to all of our stakeholders. On behalf of the entire organization, I hope everyone is staying healthy and safe during these times. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Jonathan Komp with Robert Baird.
Jonathan Komp: I wanted to maybe just start off, broader question on the wholesale environment and you shared some detail there. I just want to get a sense of your handle on the state of things, inventory and even some of the discussion about orders, trends that you're expecting. Just any way to frame up the range of variants or any other color that you can give as you think about the balance of the year on the wholesale side?
Dave Powers: First of all, I also want to say, hope everybody on the call is safe and healthy with their families, and appreciate everybody listening in. We are and we have since over the last few years built very, very strong relationships with our key wholesale partners. And I will say the teams on a weekly if not daily basis are having conversations with these partners to navigate through this what’s happening in the business now. As you heard on the call, the script, the wholesale business right now is actually performing very well from a sell through perspective, and the order book is holding pretty well for the back half of the year. And what we're hearing from our wholesale partners from an UGG perspective is they're still confident that UGG is going to be a key brand for them in the back half of the year. We’ve heard that they need to be successful in the holiday timeframe as we all know. And the current trend is happening with Fluff Yeah program, Flipper and Neumel things are progressing well. So certainly there's challenges with store opening, but we are seeing in our business and also some of our key partners, very strong uptick in e-commerce, which is making up some of that loss in stores. And I think with stores opening hopefully here and key partners over the coming months, we'll see some improvements there. So the outlook right now seems very, very good confident about it. We're hearing from our partners that UGG is going to be a key brand in their portfolio for the rest of the year. They are making cuts and so we are just being mindful of that and monitoring it. But so far the first five or six weeks into the quarter, I think they’re [indiscernible] nicely for UGG and then same with HOKA. I think what we're finding is both HOKA and UGG are proving to be really important brand for consumers right now. UGG on the work from home comfort, lifestyle perspective, it's nice to know that when people think of comfort and home and casual, they do think of UGG first and foremost. And then a lot of consumers, as you all know, are doing home workouts and trying to exercise more. And so that trend is also continuing to keep HOKA as a critical brand. And I think you’ve seen that in the Google Trends data that came out that we referenced in the script. The brands are demand. We’re challenged with wholesale store openings at our own store openings. But we think the outlook where we stand today looks good.
Steve Fasching: And just to add on to that a little bit, because I think you were referencing, where we gave the quarter-to-date update and talked about wholesale being down kind of mid-30%, that's really because stores are still close. So with wholesalers that have a strong online presence, they are doing well and sell through is doing well and that's what we're seeing, that's where we're also seeing a strong e-commerce business on our side. So more so what we're seeing is the result of the wholesale being down is still stores being close with our wholesale accounts, but those that are doing business online are actually doing very well and sell through as well.
Dave Powers: Yes, and I think it’s key to understand this is a smaller portion of our total year. And so while the trends right now look good, especially in the context of the situation we're all in, it’s promising we have a long way to go. We don't know yet of reward we were going to get as wholesale is continuing to manage tightly over there.
Jonathan Komp: And then just a follow-up on HOKA and the kind of directional color around the growth you're expecting this year. Could you just expand a little bit more on the drivers that you see? I know you talked about pulling back on some of the launches, but maybe maintaining flexibility on marketing. And I know you have some new apparel product, limited portion in the marketplace. So maybe just comment a little bit more on the drivers you see there?
Dave Powers: Yes, I think it’s a couple of things that are happening for HOKA. One of the things we wanted to do, first and foremost, we want to protect the positioning and the strength and the distribution that Erinn has built over the last three or four years. That is first and foremost. We see HOKA being around for a long time, being very important brand in the industry for a long time. And we're taking a long range approach to this. So what the team did is pushed out some of the launches of products where that has allowed for our partners and our sales to sell through inventory products that’s already in the pipeline at full price. If you've been paying attention to the HOKA brand that are on the marketplace you will see there’s little to no discounting on the brand, that's because we managed inventory tightly. There's no reason to just kind of because it’s selling through well the margins are high and our partners are benefiting from that high average retail and margin. And then staggering some of the lunches throughout the year to be in line with where the demand is and the inventory level. The whole ecosystem, which is what we like to call, the combination of strategic partners in our online business is performing very well. And we're driving more business to our e-commerce site which is great because we're acquiring more consumers and that's driving up margins a little bit in short-term right now as well. So still optimistic, we know this is going to be a headwind for the brands. But right now full price selling is strong. We still see this as a growth brand, even though this year will be challenging and getting back to high level of growth coming from '22 and beyond. So the goal is protect the brands, maintain tight distribution, maintain full price selling, more of a pull model from consumers and continue to do that with powerful launches. And we have some great innovative launches coming through in the next eight to 10 months.
Operator: The next question comes from Jim Duffy with Stifel.
Jim Duffy: To start Dave, I wanted to ask, a few times in your prepared remarks, you mentioned planning for a new normal and future state of the business. Can you share in the post pandemic world and maybe how you're thinking about the new normal and future state of the business, specifically for the UGG brands and some of the things you're doing to prepare for that?
Dave Powers: Yes, you know we had a lot of conversations just around that what is the new normal. I think they're just trying to figure that out. And for us, there's a couple things. From a employee standpoint, we are seeing some positive results from the work from home scenario or situation, both in the ability to stay connected and make decisions faster, which I think is great and then beneficial to the team and also allows us to be more efficient in our spend and reduce travel. So there has been from an operation and employee workforce perspective that we will probably continue in the long-term, leveraging technology to reduce travel, using 3D and imaging for our failed samples and reducing cost there. There's a lot of good benefits. The things that we knew and we're working on but we've had the opportunity right now through technology to accelerate some of those things. From a business standpoint, like we've been saying for the last two years now, we see a handful of really strong strategic wholesale partners, leveraging them to access to consumer and across the different demographics of our consumer base and that's emerging, and then really continuing to fill our DTC business. And so we've shifted pretty dramatically the marketing efforts to be much more in tuned with what's happening in the consumer now. We're using a lot more user generated content, leveraging in TR and we're getting fantastic response to that. So I think you're going to see a shift to faster product to market, faster adjustments in digital marketing, continuing to fuel our DTC business overtime and continuing with the strength of franchise style where the real upside to the brand long-term is. And I think this is the first time we've seen this kind of reaction to the UGG brand in spring and summer. And I truly believe that even without this situation, the UGG plus sandal franchise would have been an exciting product in this environment. And so those are the kinds of things that we're going to continue doing. I would say, bigger and more powerful, closely related to the brand DNA launches, leveraging our partners to reach consumers with new products and really filling DTC from a long range plan perspective.
Jim Duffy: Can I ask you to elaborate some on the merchandising strategies for this fiscal year with the UGG brand? Can you talk more about balancing newness with concentrating the merchandising assortment and known high velocity styles?
Dave Powers: So there's two keys to that. One is, we wanted to reduce the inventory in styles that were seasonally light with seasonal liability. So styles that were in and out one time styles that really in the scheme of things weren't generating a lot of volume. So the teams went back in the first week of the shutdown that in March, this is across all of our brands. We went through and adjusted buy really reduced SKU count anywhere from 20% to 30% going into the back half of the year to protect our level of margin liability and inventory in the channel. But more importantly really focusing on the big drivers of the business. And so I think you're going to see continued newness and things like our Fluff franchise. We have another launch coming out in June, the pride launch that just hit. There’s another launch from that product in September and we have a lot of these planned. But what we've realized is the combination of UGG DNA and comfort and fashion is our formula to success. And we want to continue that with fewer styles but bigger volume, bigger impacts on us going forward. And then we also have our apparel launch this year that we talked about we're doing a pretty aggressive launch that was originally planned, it was something to do with DTC and some of the key wholesale stores with Nordstrom. So we’re staying close but we're just getting more focused and disciplined and focus on speed along the way.
Operator: Next question comes from Camilo Lyon with BTIG.
Camilo Lyon: So a couple questions. So you talked about your backlog through mid maybe flattish. And you also said that you are contemplating or expecting more cancellations to happen but you haven't seen those yet to a large degree. So couple of questions on that. Can you tell us at what point in the year will you stop accepting cancellations? We're getting other than that window where we're a couple months away from shipments of fall starting to unfold. And it seems -- and it’s early days, but it does seem that as stores start to reopen, the trends are less bad than initially feared, generally speaking. So I'm just curious to know how you're thinking about that?
Dave Powers: It's a good question. I think if that goes through kind of our scenario planning. So at this stage as wholesale accounts are still opening up, we want to see outdoors open up in terms of what the demand is, it goes back a little bit to the first question where we're seeing, I think initially and it's still early on and it’s kind of the high proportion of e-commerce sales in the first part of this quarter, then it shifts to wholesale. But with the strength of e-commerce, it’s giving us confidence in product sell through and wholesale accounts that are selling online or having strong sell through. So at this stage, we think it's still a little early to kind of call it in terms of when we call the line in terms of cancellations. We are working with accounts to understand where their product is, what the product is selling through. We have wholesale accounts. We have both online and physical presence. They're trying to use what they're learning from their online sales to help formulate an opinion kind of on physical store. So it's still ongoing. I think we've learned more in the last couple of weeks. We continue to see strong sell through. And I think it's giving some of our wholesalers confidence in how UGG is performing. So, again -- not providing guidance. But as we were thinking about the year and being cautious about what potentially could happen, recognizing we're still in the smallest part of our year, so first quarter representing less than 12% of our business, is just being a little bit cautious. We do have inventories. So we can fulfill orders but we want to be a little bit cautious in terms of what we're ordering. And we'll use what we're seeing to kind of educate us on how to think about kind of backlog from cancellations. But at this point, we just felt that it's prudent to be a little bit cautious and we expect that we'll see some more cancellations. But as we indicated in the change in the backlog, we have some cancellations. And we probably think it's a good part of the cancellations and then we'll see what happens as stores reopen.
Steve Fasching: Yes, and we just initiated our last buy for the holiday season over the last week or so, had a lot of conversations with the wholesale team validating assumption from some of our wholesale partners. And where we decided to land is we're going to buy for reorders and in the past, we would buy a little bit more cushion on the upside. We have some good core inventory we're carrying over. We’ll buy to the orders but we are expecting to see some cancellations as things progress. But the order book is also shifting between partners as people with more online presence are doing better than people with more store relevant, physical store reliance business. But it sits within the mix and then as the order book as we said still looks good and we’re buying for that order book, and then we put ourselves in the chase position things are better than planned.
Camilo Lyon: And then my follow-up is, if you take -- so you've given great color on the wholesale order book and how you're planning and how you'll build to orders inventory. Are you taking a comparable approach to the DTC business? It's now almost 40% of the business. So, are you taking a little bit more of a proactive approach in allocating more or better inventory to your DTC channel?
Dave Powers: We made some shifts obviously between what the expectations were have been for stores and e-commerce. So no surprise we're seeing a better business in e-commerce right now, obviously, because the stores are closed. We think that trend will continue. One of the big benefits of having a good e-commerce business right now is we're acquiring a lot of new consumers, and a lot of new young consumers in both HOKA and UGG that we can go back to in the holiday time frame. So we're optimistic that we're going to continue to have a strong online presence and online business. Shipping inventory but we can share easily between online and retail and then we are planning for more potential closeouts, if there are cancellations that we can funnel through those DTC channels as well with higher margin. So little bit more conservative there, but we do think in key styles of franchises that there is upside to e-commerce and we put that into our expectations.
Camilo Lyon: So is it safe to say that your DTC plan is a little bit less conservative than what your wholesale plan is?
Dave Powers: Yes, I think that's fair.
Operator: The next question comes from Sam Poser with Susquehanna.
Sam Poser: I guess just to follow up. On the wholesale side of things, especially with HOKA on your partner's direct-to-consumer business -- on your partner's e-commerce businesses. Are you utilizing a good deal of drop ship right now? So you're basically reacting directly to the customers demands through their Web site, so you're doing a bit of that at the moment?
Steve Fasching: We're doing small portion because a lot of those are smaller independent, so we're doing some of that but it's not a big part of our overall business at this time. We’re available and we’re offering it for sure.
Sam Poser: And then in the near-term, Steve, are you seeing sort of -- because of the way the business is going and such a shift to e-commerce and so on? Are there any structural gross margin headwinds in the near-term? Just because of the state of the market, not necessarily because you have -- it would be more on the fixed costs kind of situation rather than merch margin?
Steve Fasching: What I would say on the near-term is and again, what we've seen in kind of the quarter to date is with a higher proportion of e-commerce, gross margins are contributing to an improvement in margins on the higher gross margins associated with that. Some of that will shift this as the bulk of remaining quarters shift to kind of wholesale. And then I think we'll have to see as we emerge from this kind of economic pressure. But in terms of kind of some margins as a higher proportion of our business in the first few weeks of the quarter have been more heavily on e-commerce, we're seeing some margin improvement there. We'll see a little bit of a shift as we see more wholesale being fulfilled in the back half of the first quarter. And then again, not provided guidance. But as we look at the balance for the year, we'll see how things develop in terms of promotions. And then in terms of how we're thinking about the organization as we talked about, it is shifting some resources to e-commerce to help drive the increased traffic that we're seeing there. So where we're finding efficiencies in the organization and I think some of that in our e-commerce infrastructure to facilitate the increased traffic and demand that we're seeing.
Dave Powers: And right now, as I mentioned earlier, we're still seeing full price selling very healthy rate for our brands and we want to maintain that through as long as we can. We are predicting there will be more suitable promotional environment in the back half of the year. But right now, full price sell through is strong. We opened the closet for UGG today on the Memorial Day weekend time frame to liquidate some of the spring product that we want to go to out, so we go into the back half the year clean. And so you might see a little bit of that in the marketplace but those are seasonal styles that aren't really important to the core business and we'll manage through that with what we have. But as Steve said, e-commerce has the strength right now a little bit more higher margins to date, but we have a lot of wholesale in order to do in the back half.
Steve Fasching: And then the other thing that we've talked about like which was demonstrated last year is using marketing. So, we’ve increased our marketing spend around that and we'll continue to use that as a lever as we evaluate kind of how sales continue to come in.
Sam Poser: And then just two more things, you alluded to sort of new channels of distribution. And I've been hearing that some of the sort of more athletic reach, you're starting to maybe build up assortments with some of the more athletic retailers that happened to generally have a decent digital platform as well. Can you give us some color on what's going on there? And then one of your major accounts earlier in the season decided to get promotional for a little bit of time. How are you reacting if people -- if your wholesale partners do something that hurt the brand?
Steve Fasching: And as we've been seeing for a while how the sanctity of our brand and positioning in the market is first and foremost for us. So, we've been firm on pricing and we've had conversations with some of our partners. I think you saw some of that early in the quarter and that’s the way we're going to approach this. This is, we see this as a shorter term headwind for the economy and our brands. But we're in this for the long haul and we want our brands to weather through this in a quality way. We're not going to chase revenue just chasing revenue and discounting brands to get there and that's the approach. For HOKA, generally speaking, we said the distribution and is the right distribution today, I think our access points to the consumer give us a good footprint, as well as driving business or e-commerce business. We did open Dick’s recently for the first time, we did a test with them like three or four years ago. They were in and out quickly and that was before people really understood what hope was all about but the test so far has been going very well. We're very pleased with that. And we're going to continue to do business with Dick’s with HOKA. Really primarily seeing online and probably 10 stores and expanding the assortment a little bit right now approching Bondi, we are going to be expanding into Rincon as well. But very pleased to see the reaction from the consumer, which tells us that awareness is growing dramatically for the HOKA brand. And in an environment like that, we're competing head-to-head with some of the best brands out there and to see the response is very encouraging for us.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Nikic with Wells Fargo.
Tom Nikic: First, I want to ask about the European resets. The list, the pandemic and what’s going on the last couple of months. So does that change anything as far as the European reset goes? Does it accelerate it, slow it down? Any color you can give on that would be helpful?
Dave Powers: As you know, we've talked about this on our last earnings call. We're going into this year with a focus on resetting UGG in the European marketplace, there's been some brand heat issues, inventory and the channel cleanup that we need to do. So the plan is still to do that We are looking at allocating resources this year from a marketing perspective where we want to focus. We made some adjustments between the EMEA business and the China business to show most of those up but really staying on course. And like I just said, we've instructed the teams over there not to chase revenue. They’ll try not to discount the product, still focus on cleaning it up. It will be a challenge this year, obviously, they're getting pretty heavily affected across the region. And we're going to manage that tightly, but still reset is the goal and reigniting the brand and the classic franchise in the European consumer. Some good news though is we are seeing more adoption of the Fluff franchise and the slippers in that marketplace as we haven't seen in the past. And a lot of the PR and social and celebrity posts that we're getting for UGG right now, which has just phenomenal is starting to resonate nicely with the younger consumer over in that marketplace as well. So hopefully that will help with brand heat positioning. But from an inventory and marketplace perspective, we’re going to manage it tightly with a goal of creating more of a scarcity model and resetting brand through the year.
Tom Nikic: And then just a follow up on HOKA. Right now, the wholesale distribution there’s a lot of independent smaller retailers. Is there any concern about some of those retailers maybe not surviving the current lockdown, and what that would potentially do for the gross trajectory of HOKA?
Dave Powers: It's interesting, we had a call with the HOKA sales team and some of the marketing folks yesterday. And they're using some of the new analytical capabilities that we've created in the company to really take an assessment of each individual account based on their geographic location or where their states are within the closings or [Technical Difficulty]. But I think overall, it won't be significant to the trajectory that the HOKA brand is on. We still continue to fuel that with a big players and our online business, and their potential growth with Dick’s and maybe offset some of that. So still optimistic. It all depends when they're able to reopen and the velocity of sales don’t get at that time.
Steve Fasching: And Tom, just to add to that. In my prepared remarks, I made the comment about kind a HOKA we're planning a little bit slower growth this year. So clearly, we will see some disruption as a result of COVID-19. But it's a short-term kind of disruption to the brand. So as Dave said, we're going to manage closely. We're going to work with the accounts. We’re going to try to help accounts, where we can. And some won't make it that business will transfer to some somewhere else hopefully online.
Dave Powers: I think the demand is there certainly and I think this is not going to have an impact on the trajectory over the business overall. Just to further update, we are doing a little few more drops ships with our HOKA brand at this time to get an update from David, our COO. So that is happening which is we’re happy to deal with the situation.
Operator: Last question today will come from Paul Lejuez with Citi Research. 
Paul Lejuez: But did you give an e-comm growth rate for quarter-to-date by brand? For second, just curious what percent of your SKUs sold to a wholesale partner ultimately sells through a store versus online? And then last, just curious what you've seen in China? I think you said those stores are all open. I'm curious how business has come back?
Steve Fasching: I think the first part of the question was, what is we mentioned on kind of brand growth quarter-to-date. So what we’ve said with was UGG was down, we didn't put -- we don't break out e-comm, but UGG is down, which is all channels down mid single-digit. HOKA up low 30% range, Teva down low 40%, Sanuk down mid 30%, but we don't necessarily break down out by channel. And DTC is, which is sales, is up 40%. stores and e-commerce combined and e-com is up triple digit
Dave Powers: And then you talked about SKU, what percent of SKUs is sold in wholesale, online versus store, did I get that right? 
Paul Lejuez: You're selling -- you've got big wholesale business. Curious if you have a sense of what percent of those units that you sell through one of your partners ultimately get sold through a store versus online? 
Steve Fasching: Yes, I think generally speaking, probably in the 30%, 40% range in a normal environment, certainly in this environment, assuming 95% to 100% with store closures in our wholesale partners.
Paul Lejuez: And then just China experience?
Dave Powers: China, they've been through this. And we're learning a lot from our China team and the management over there. They were shut down obviously early in the year for about three months stores working from home, obviously a lot more serious and the shutdown is being here. They are back to work in the offices, not fully back there's still some work from home situations happening there, which is fine. They’re managing the business right. They're working closely with our wholesale partners who are also having some serious headwind, because they don't have e-commerce with the stores. And then the stores that were opening, they’re back online, they're not to the level that they were. We’d expect them to be to keep in mind retail stores for UGG at this time of year in China is very low volume, but the e-commerce business has pick-up nicely in the marketplace. So there will still be some headwinds through the year, but I think we do some cleanup and help our partners through some of their inventory challenges. But all in all we're seeing good reaction to the products that’s in the marketplace now, both in the slippers category but also some of our sneaker, such as the LA class style that just launched. And then continuing to manage tightly the HOKA business in that marketplace as well. So back on track, back up and operating but the consumers’ responds to opened stores is still slowly coming back and I think it's going to be that way for a little while.
Paul Lejuez: Can I just go back to the 30% to 40% that you mentioned selling online through your wholesale partners? Does that defer much by brand?
Steve Fasching: It will be, HOKA will have a higher percentage of what they're selling online in terms of the line of products…
Dave Powers: Across the board, that will be independent or not. Those will be heavily weighted more on store versus e-commerce, the small independents. So generally speaking, I think it all depends on the account, department stores, anywhere from 30% to 40%, some cases maybe a little bit higher. And then the smaller independents is less online business. So, it averages out I would say across all brands, from 30% to 40%. The other thing just real quick is I don't know how the industry has really thought about this, but it is something that we're thinking about with the lack of Chinese tourists travel, presumably through the rest of the year and beyond that's going to have impact on global outlet businesses, European businesses, but it’s been a positive impact to the China business. So we don’t know what that looks like, it's something that we're monitoring closely. But I think it is going to be a factor in the industry that we're going to have to pay attention to.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session, and also concludes our conference. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-01-30 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. And thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands’ Third Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct the question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions [Operator Instructions]. I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I would now like turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, Vice President, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning. Please go ahead, Ma'am.
Erinn Kohler: Hello, and thank you everyone for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical facts, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance, including but not limited to, our projected revenue, margin, expenses and earnings per share, as well as statements regarding our strategies for our products and brands. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management’s current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Please note that throughout the discussion there maybe references to certain non-GAAP financial measures for comparable prior year results. These non-GAAP financial measures refer to results before taking into account non-recurring charges that are not believed to be core to our ongoing operating results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not adjusted for constant currency. While we did not have any non-GAAP financial adjustments for the third quarter of fiscal 2020, a reconciliation between our reported GAAP and non-GAAP results for the prior year can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our Web site under the Investors tab. With that, I will now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone. And thank you for joining us today. I'm proud to announce that our third quarter results exceeded expectations with total company revenue increasing 7% over last year to $939 million, and delivering earnings per share of $7.14. These results represent the largest revenue and earnings quarter in the history of Deckers Brands. Our record performance was fueled by the strength of sales in our domestic UGG business, partially aided by a forward shift in consumer demand, as well as higher than anticipated sales in both our HOKA ONE ONE and Koolaburra brands. We're very pleased with our third quarter results continue to evidence success within the key initiatives that we are actively pursuing. As a reminder, these include dealing HOKA growth, which experienced 64% increase versus last year, reaching $93 million in quarterly revenue for the first time. Building the UGG men’s business, which increased by 10% over last year, diversifying the UGG brand product mix again reducing reliance on core classic and fostering emerging brands with Koolaburra growing 94% versus last year, and capturing significant incremental market share. With the diversification of the UGG brand sales mix and explosive growth of both HOKA and Koolaburra, the performance demonstrated in our largest quarter underscores the progress our organization is making on these focused investments. I'm excited to share more detail on our evolution, but let's get into the brand highlight. Starting with the fashion lifestyle group. As a reminder, the fashion lifestyle group consist of our UGG and Koolaburra brand. For HOKA global sales recorded grew by 3% versus last year to $781 million, representing the brand's largest quarter in its history. Growth in the quarter for the UGG brand was driven by its domestic business as U.S. sales increased 8% over the same period last year. This domestic strength is highlighted by increased traction within the new male franchise, including meaningful contributions to the men's business, as well as extensions across women's and kid, continued strength in the Fluff franchise and significant gains in the kids footwear business. We continue to experience success within our UGG wholesale marketplace strategy in the U.S., driven by segmentation that offers differentiated consumer experiences across the breadth of our account and clean inventory in the channel through managed allocation, which has enabled the brand to open select new points of distribution, targeting younger and more fashion forward consumers. The strengths in our own domestic business is partially offset by lower international sales, which experienced the 7% decline versus last year, which was in line with our expectations. While some of the weakness in the European market is related to macroeconomic event, we are in the process of addressing some brand specific challenges that currently exist. As we have stated in our EMEA region, we were in the midst of a multiyear marketplace reset intended to reignite brand heat, rationalize marketplace inventory, consolidate the account-based with future partners who enhance the UGG brand and provide a more differentiated experience across consumer touch points. In addition, the UGG team has begun to shift towards more localized marketing, PR and digital marketing tool. We also recognize there are improvements to be made in our Asia Pacific region, and we will be taking a similar marketing approach as we work to build brand heat in our APAC region as well. Taking a look at the UGG brand product offering, we continue to make strides in the diversification of our product line. For UGG men's in the quarter, this is the third consecutive year of double digit growth, aided by investments made to drive awareness and consideration. Men's was prominently featured in both the new male marketing campaign and our holiday marketing campaign that featured the Marley family. As a result of these marketing efforts, UGG men's experienced the mid teens increase in brand consideration among all men and over 50% increase with fashion leading men according to Yugo. The new male franchise continues to be a big driver of our men success as both heritage product and new derivative styles introduced during the fall seasons help deliver strong results. In particular, the Neumel Zip and Neumel Flex sold through very well in their introductory season. We also executed two successful collaborations during the quarter with leading lifestyle brand Heron Preston and [Bae]. Both collaborations rapidly filled out of their respective pinnacle product offering. As a result of the brand's increased focus on men's messaging, products seeding with global influencers and digital marketing efforts, UGG men's experienced a near 30% increase in 18 to 34 year old consumer purchasing on ugg.com. The UGG product team has done a great job building a franchise around the new males to compliment the men's offer. Turning to our UGG women's business, we entered the holiday season with a strong setup in the U.S., highlight it by a clean wholesale channel, dedicated allocation and targeted digital marketing tactics. As a result, the women's business performed well domestically based on accelerated momentum with the younger consumer. Similar to men's in the third quarter, women's also experienced a near 30% increase in purchases with female consumers aged 18 to 34 years old in the U.S. Younger consumers gravitated to both heritage styles like the classic mini and classic short, as well as newer styles like Fluff Yeah Slide. And while styles like the Fluff Yeah were well received globally, there is still work to be done to generate greater interest in the brand's diversified product offering in our international region. Drafting off the success of both women's and men's, our global kids footwear business grew by 20% versus last year. The kids business benefited from strong partnerships with key wholesale accounts that are helping to expand consumer touch points and undoubtedly saw a positive impact from our holiday marketing campaign that emphasize the brand's offering for the whole family. The exposure and positive response to this family campaign led to the success of takedown styles from women and men, including the Fluff Yeah Slide and Neumel. The brand's result underscore the progress being made towards the more diversified product mix; as at a global level, the brand grew year-over-year with men's increasing as a percentage of brand sales; women's non-classic increasing as a percent of brand sales and total women's classic product, which includes core and derivatives, purposely declining as a percentage of brand sales, with the balance of the business, including kids and non-footwear experiencing gain. Diversifying the UGG brand's revenue composition remains top of mind, and we'll continue to focus on amplifying our heritage styles while complimenting the product offering with exciting new products rich with brand DNA. Overall, the UGG brand had an exceptional peak season, and I'd like to congratulate the team on a well executed third quarter. Turning to Koolaburra, global sales in third quarter increased by 94% versus the prior year to $39 million, delivering a few million above our guided expectations. This growth was driven by gains in market share within the domestic wholesale marketplace. Additionally, this fall, Koolaburra introduced the men's and toddler's assortment for the first time, and both product lines display strong sell through with our wholesale partners. Congratulations to the entire Koolaburra team on a fantastic quarter of record breaking revenue. Both UGG and Koolaburra have done an impressive job capturing holiday demand with great products, strong marketing and a clearly differentiated target consumer. Shifting to the performance lifestyle group, which is comprised of HOKA, Teva and Sanuk. HOKA brand global sales increased by 64% versus last year to a record $93 million. HOKA experienced growth, both domestically and internationally across all channels of distribution. The HOKA brand acquired new consumers online through brand discovery, while also seeing a migration of consumer replenishment. In the third quarter, HOKA nearly doubled number of consumers acquired on hokaoneonone.com. The HOKA brand has made great strides in creating a seamless consumer experience through the entire brand ecosystem, which includes a strong network of wholesale partners and direct to consumer channel. At the same time, our marketing efforts are focused on building brand awareness and driving consumer demand by highlighting the experiences made possible by HOKA product. The third quarter featured the launch of the HOKA brand's time-to campaign, which tells real stories of human experiences with HOKA. The campaign kicked off with the time to reimagine video, which has garnered significant impression across social platform, helping drive more than 50% increase in brand search interest according to Google Trends. From a product perspective, the brand's icon of Clifton and Bondi styles continued gaining market share in the U.S. run specialty channel. According to NPD's retail tracking service, HOKA claimed the number two brand ranking based on dollars over the summer and has maintained this position each month since, while gaining share at a steady pace. While these gains are driven by the HOKA brand's strong partnerships with wholesale accounts, the direct-to-consumer business continues to grow at a rapid pace. For the third consecutive quarter, the direct-to-consumer business doubled over the prior year. Helping to drive these gains, HOKA has also doubled the number of DTC purchasers aged 18 to 34. This has been aided by the introduction of the Rincon and Carbon X styles, as both have over-indexed with younger consumers as compared to the brand average. The HOKA product and ecommerce teams have done an impressive job of collaborating to align on product launch timing, to ensure the brand is consistently driving traffic to the Web site. During the quarter, the brand launched an update with flagship trail running shoes, the Speedgoat 4. The launch propelled the style sales to more than double last year's third quarter volume with over half the volume coming from international regions. The HOKA brand is also beginning to experience traction from the trail category beyond the Speedgoat. The Tor Ultra, featured as part of the brand's collaboration with the lifestyle brand opening ceremony, has sold well across both domestic direct-to-consumer and our Asia Pacific wholesale channel. In terms of the HOKA brand's international business overall, the brand has recent inflection points that for the first time units sold internationally for the quarter were higher than units sold domestically. We think this speaks well for the global opportunity and runway for HOKA. Moving to Teva and Sanuk. Global sales in the third quarter were in line with expectations of $17 million and $8.5 million respectively. While Teva was down year-over-year due to a shift in the timing of European distributor orders, the brand is on track to deliver its full fiscal year. During the fourth quarter, Teva will be announcing a significant brand update to coincide with the launch of its spring 2020 product line. Meanwhile, the Sanuk brand decline as it is anticipated in our guidance as it continued to face headwinds from the challenging service specialty channel, as well as the brand's decision to exit warehouse distribution. The Sanuk team remains focused on exploring healthier distribution opportunity in an effort to reposition the brand. With respect to our Q3 three channel performance, global wholesale sales increased 9% versus the prior year, driven primarily by domestic expansion in UGG, HOKA and Koolaburra, as well as international expansion of HOKA. It is worth noting that for the second consecutive year, our third quarter domestic wholesale revenue grew by double digit. International wholesale was slightly up versus the prior year due to growth in HOKA being largely offset by the UGG reset in EMEA, as well as negative pressure from foreign currency exchange rate. From a direct to consumer perspective, comparable sales increased 5% versus the prior year with total direct to consumer sales up 6% versus the third quarter last year. E-commerce continues to drive gains in the DTC channel, which has been led by the strength of UGG and HOKA. The UGG brand's DTC growth is primarily driven by domestic sales online, which included moving our annual UGG closet event up by one week compared to last year in order to improve our ability to capture end of season demand. I’m very pleased by the execution of all of our brands to deliver Deckers' largest quarter in history. I'm looking forward to closing out another strong year of performance as we remain focused on delivering the fourth quarter. I'll now hand the call over to Steve to provide more details on our third quarter financial performance, as well as an updated outlook for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. As you just heard, our third quarter performance exceeded our expectation and speaks to the strength of our brand. The disciplined approach to investing in our brand has been a major driver of the organization's success this year as we've been able to drive brand awareness with HOKA, build brand heat with UGG, including an emphasis on men and an increase in our engagement with consumers in the digital marketplace, all while maintaining top tier levels of profitability. I'll now walk you through the third quarter results in more detail and provide an updated outlook for the fourth quarter and our full year fiscal 2020. Revenue was $939 million, up 7.4% versus last year and $39 million above the high end of our guidance range of $885 million to $900 million. Of the better than expected revenue, approximately $8 million was driven by the HOKA brand with tremendous results across the globe with our wholesale partners, as well as direct to consumer channel. $7 million was delivered by better than anticipated domestic UGG business, driven by net in-season reorders and led by the strength in kids' business, the Neumel new male franchise and the Fluff franchise, and approximately $3 million driven by reorders captured in the Koolaburra brand. With the balance of the upside performance largely timing related as we captured sales earlier in Q3 that were previously anticipated in Q4 with approximately $15 million coming from the UGG DTC business and $5 million from earlier UGG wholesale shipments. While we saw growth domestically in the UGG brand beyond our expectations, we continue to see challenges as anticipated in the UGG brand's international business, which was impacted by both brands and macro issues in our European region. Gross margins were up 30 basis points over last year to 54.1%. The gross margin result was approximately 100 basis points above our implied guidance with the beat coming from lower promotional activities and plans in our UGG domestic wholesale business, delivering strong selling and high full price sell-through for third consecutive year. While the strength of the UGG domestic wholesale margins paired with increased revenue drove improvement above our expectation, we remind mindful of the dynamic commercial environment we continue to pay as we did experienced higher promotional activity in our international market for the UGG brand as compared to last year. From an expense standpoint, our dollar spend was up 11.8% to $251.9 million compared to last year's GAAP spend of $225.4 million and up 10.6% compared to last year's non-GAAP spend of $227.8 million. As a percentage of sales, expense de-levered versus the prior year, which was aligned with our implied guidance as we continue to invest in our key initiatives. The impact of these results drove earnings per share of $7.14 compared to last year's GAAP earnings per share of $6.68, last year's non-GAAP earnings per share of $6.59 and our guidance range of $6.30 to $6.40. The $0.74 beat to the high end of our guidance range came from approximately $0.25 from sales in late December previously anticipated for early January, $0.25 from lower promotional activity in the UGG domestic wholesale business, $0.15 from better than expected HOKA results and $0.10 from higher reorders in the UGG and Koolaburra brand's domestic wholesale business. For the quarter, our tax rate was 21.4% compared to our anticipated tax rate of 21%. Our balance sheet at December 31st remains strong as cash and equivalents were $617 million. Inventory was $366 million, up 7% versus the same point in time last year. And we have $6.6 million in short-term borrowings under our credit line as compared to $600,000 last year. With the delivery of the financial results that I've just shared with you, our third quarter execution has allowed us to once again raise our expectations for the full fiscal year. As we look forward, we placed a high importance behind controlling our distribution in UGG, focusing on growth opportunities within the UGG brand and fueling HOKA momentum across the globe. With that said and our updated outlook for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2020, we expect sales to be in the range of $392 million to $402 million and earnings per share in the range of $0.35 to $0.45. Fourth quarter revenue guidance compared to last year includes brand expectations of HOKA, expected to increase in the high 40% range; Teva expected to increase in the mid to high-teens, inclusive of a planned distributor business shift into Q4; Koolaburra up high teens; Sanuk down approximately 50% due to the previously mentioned exit of the warehouse business in the quarter; and UGG expected to be down approximately 8% to 11% due to ongoing reset and pressure in Europe, the previously mentioned timing shift into Q3. And while it's still early, a component of risk related to the potential lower DTC demand related to current travel restrictions in China. In addition, fourth quarter earnings per share guidance is further impacted by planned expense growth as we continue to fuel our growth initiatives and lower gross margins, primarily due to the Teva brands, European distributorship and continued currency pressure. Moving to the full year outlook. With the overperformance of the quarter, we are now raising our outlook for the full year. For our fiscal year 2020 guidance, we are increasing revenue guidance to now be in the range of $2.15 billion to $2.16 billion, an increase of $20 million on the high end of our previous guidance range. Our updated outlook at the brand level include UGG revenue still expected to be flat to upload single digit; HOKA revenue is now expected to reach approximately $350 million; Teva revenue is still expected to be approximately flat; Sanuk revenue is still expected to be down in the mid 30% range; and Koolaburra revenue is still expected to grow to approximately $70 million. Turning to the remainder of the P&L. We are increasing our gross margin expectation to now be approximately 51.5% as we are passing through the lower promotional activity experienced in the third quarter and increasing our projection for the fourth quarter; SG&A as a percent of sales are still expected to be slightly below 36%; we are raising our operating margin to now be at or slightly better than 15.5%; and we are raising our expected earnings per share to be in the range of $9.40 to $9.50 on a share count of approximately 28.7 million shares with the full year tax rate still projected to be approximately 20.5%. Our updated guidance represents blowing through just over 50 basis points of improved operating margin, predominantly driven by the better than expected gross margin experienced in the third quarter. This improved outlook for the fiscal year, which equates to $0.45 raise in our earnings per share on the high end of our guidance, is driven by $0.25 from a lower promotional environment, $.15 cents from the HOKA brand and $0.05 from an improved outlook on the margins in the fourth quarter. Our guidance for the fourth quarter and fiscal year 2020 excludes any potential non-GAAP charges, as well as the effect of any future share repurchases. During our second quarter earnings call in October, we provided an annual update on our sheepskin pricing. Due to current events, I would like to remind everyone we expect no change to our sheepskin cost for fiscal 2021. As is our normal course of business, we have contract in place, which are used to mitigate the impact of volatility within such commodity prices. Again, please note that sheepskin costs are only one component of our gross margin and this update does not constitute gross margin guidance for next year. With that, I'll now turn it back to Dave for his closing remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks Steve. As we are now in the final quarter of fiscal 2020, we are on track to deliver another year of accelerating top line revenue growth with our raised full year guidance representing 6% to 7% increase over last year. Our results continue to demonstrate that our strategies are working and are at the foundation of our organization's continued evolution. This groundwork will enable us to approach opportunities ahead with confidence, and I look forward to updating you in next year's plan during our yearend earnings call in may. In closing, I'd like to share my appreciation for the collaborative efforts demonstrated by the entire Deckers organization, and delivering our largest quarter in history. Thank you to all of our stakeholders for their continued support. With that, we are now ready for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. And our first question will come from Jonathan Komp with Baird.
Jonathan Komp: I just wanted to start maybe on the margin performance and maybe a broader question about the environment during the holiday. I mean in particular looks like weather was helpful but yet, so UGG out performed and the margin was strong. And so maybe just starting with why you think the margin exceeded your expectations and then how to think about the fourth quarter, especially given the tough gross margin compares in there?
Dave Powers: Jon, this is Dave. I'll give you some context and I'll let Steve get into the specifics on that. But I think if you go back to the way that our team has been managing the brand in the marketplace with clean distribution and quality distribution and the diversification of product away from classics and we've said this before, we believe we're becoming less weather reliant. That said we did have pockets of upside based on weather throughout the quarter. But just I think what we've seen is the diversification of the product and how we're engaging with the consumers to drive that beyond this weather related products that we've had to struggle within the past. And are also seeing healthy margins, because full price sell-throughs were strong, particularly in North American market, we didn't chase top-line but promotional activity, and you're seeing some of us carry over into Q4. So while the marketplace was challenged and the department stores struggled in places, the strength of the brand and the diversification of the product and then just focusing on full price quality sales for the health of the brand's short and long-term versus chasing the top-line, those all contributed to it. We started off January a little bit soft in the North American wholesale channel and DDC as well just based on consumer trends. But we've helped clear on not promoting the brand at the expense of top-line, you're seeing that in results.
Steve Fasching: Jon, this is Steve. As Dave said, I think what we saw was compelling product in the marketplace. We didn't have a nice setup so that definitely helped. Having clean marketplace also helped. So going into the quarter cleaner in the wholesale channel was a good setup for us. And then we did have a nice start into the quarter. So from what we implied in our guidance or what we have in our guidance, we did better on the promotion side that was largely driven in the domestic component of the business. We did have some promotions related to the international. But from what we were thinking would happen, we did 60 basis points to 80 basis points, probably a little bit better in the quarter than what we had thought related to the promotion. And then just a note on Q4, with kind of strong clean sell-through, we've increased our margin on Q4. So we removed some of that conservative promotional that we have factored into Q4.
Dave Powers: And then the last thing on Q3 is, was also helped by the strength of UGG men's at 10% growth, as well as kids augmenting some of the diversification efforts.
Jonathan Komp: And then maybe just looking forward for the UGG brand, I guess two questions. One, just when you look at some of the non-cold weather seasonal categories, so the sneakers and sandals of men, some of the other categories. Maybe just highlight some of the drivers you have coming up for UGG there and men? And then just separately the Europe reset, maybe any kind of status update on kind of where you think you are versus how long you think the reset actions may still be ongoing.
Dave Powers: You know, as we mentioned in the script, there's a couple of franchises that are emerging within UGG brand that are really resonating within younger consumer and providing what we think is healthy long term opportunity, and the first is the new male franchise. We've been building that in the men's the business over the last couple of years and we had a major campaign, called new male nation this fall, which helped tremendously to drive that business, as well as iterations in men's. We've also expanded that now into women's, and it's become a top five style in the women's business and into kids. So it's resonating with the younger more diverse consumer and that's creating some excitement in the brand, and that's a franchise that we will definitely continue to build on, both domestically and internationally. The other one, which you talked a lot about this year, is the Fluff franchise. And that showed continued strengths this past quarter. It's a big part of our focus going into Q4 and Q1 of next year. We have a lot of innovation in the pipeline that we think is going to be really exciting in expanding that franchise beyond just the current use occasion and also eventually getting some traction in the men's business as well. We actually had a lot of demand from our male consumer for Fluff Yeah product and extending that into kids as well. So those would be the two lead franchises. In addition to that, we are going aggressively after the sneaker opportunity as we have been in key markets. We just had an exciting launch in Paris, just recently with the Japanese retail partner and really continuing to ignite some excitement for the brand at the high end PR level and with exciting collaborations and influencers. With regards to EMEA, we've talked about this for a couple quarters now. We're in the midst of a multiyear reset there. I'd say we're probably just getting through year one of that reset. It's very similar to what we went through with the U.S., three or four years ago, cleaning up inventory, cleaning up distribution, focusing on controlling full-price sale through, the classics, it's a little bit more challenging there, because we can influence prices in the market like we can in the U.S. But we're working through that. There's also some macro issues happening in the UK, particularly in the Europe business right now with the retail and then Brexit et cetera. So we're taking it slow. We're looking over this, looking at this from a long-term perspective, controlling the marketplace. And as I said, we're not chasing discounting to keep the top line going. And so that's what's great about the strength in domestic businesses as we can afford to make some of those resets in EMEA for the help of the long-term, and we will continue to focus on elevating that and maintaining the strength of the classics business through the next couple of years.
Operator: Our next question will come from Tom Nikic with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Matt Gulmi: This is Matt Gulmi on for Tom. Congrats on good quarter. Just couple of questions here, first on UGG. How do inventories look at retail coming out of the holidays? And then another strong quarter for HOKA. Just wondering at what point you guys think about expanding distribution of the brand? And I want to follow up on margins.
Steve Fasching: I'll take care of the channel inventory, still good. It's up a little bit from where we were a year ago, but comfortable with the levels really that we're seeing. And the feedback that we've gotten really good strong sell through in Q3. So I think we're -- we feel good about where the inventory fit coming out of the quarter.
Dave Powers: With regards to HOKA, this is an exciting story, not only for Deckers but also for the marketplace internationally. And as we said in the call, in the script, we had success in the quarter in all regions and all channels. The momentum of the brand is exceptional. And we think things are going to continue to accelerate. From a distribution standpoint, I think one of the things that is working very well is to take control of distribution. So we don't have really broad based distribution expansion plan. In the short term, we are exploring a couple of smaller options that we'll test in the short term but really, really focused on maintaining our positioning and taking more share in the run specialty channel globally and enhancing our outdoor distribution. RAI is a critical key partner of ours and we're having great success with them and others. And that playbook is being implemented also in Europe and our APAC region and then really driving replenishment and new acquisition opportunities to our own e-commerce site. And this in the growth and that channel, as you're seeing the business but also in the margin is very strong as well. So we're going to continue down this path. We're calling it the HOKA ecosystem where we showcase the brand in a tight elevated distribution at wholesale and drive additional purchases to our Web site. And we're going to stay the course in that for a while.
Matt Gulmi: And then just last one on margins. There's been a lot of SG&A spend this year relative to recent memory. Should we think of this year as peak investment year or how should think about that?
Steve Fasching: I think I'll take this one and Dave can jump in. I think one of the things that we have seen, especially as a lot of the work that we've done, we've taken as part of our profit improvement plan. We've taken a lot of expense out. As we're rebuilding brand heat, as we're moving into some of the new initiatives, we are investing in those initiatives and that's where you're seeing the increase in the current year, and it's delivering results. So we think the spend is appropriate this year, we'll give guidance on kind of how we're looking at next year. But we're investing more in marketing so we're increasing that variable component of our spend, and it's something that we're going to be able to watch closely. But it's an important part with the brands growing as rapidly as they are that we continue to feel that through marketing and investment.
Dave Powers: Yes. And I would say overall, we have an excellent handle on the SG&A across the organization and the teams have done an incredible job of making sure we're tight in areas that we can leverage, but also identifying our key growth drivers across the organization, which we talked about in HOKA and UGG men's, ultimately getting to apparel, Koolaburra. And I think we're just in a unique position where we've right sized the organization, we have very healthy mid-teen operating margins. And we're allowed the opportunity to further invest in the growth of these brands, which we need to do. It's a very competitive environment. We're fighting for sharing in all of our channels. We have some challenges in EMEA that we need to work through. And Steve and I and the teams are managing this very tightly, shifting expenses from fixed to variable and being able to adjust based on the growth of the brand, and the results we're seeing in revenue, but also the return on marketing expense. So we're very happy with how things are going there. We're confident that we're making investments in the right places, and we're seeing those returns. And as long as that's the case, we're going to continue to fuel it.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. Please go ahead. 
Dana Telsey: Good afternoon everyone and congratulations on the results. As you think about the same store sales that you generated this quarter, what would the components and complexion of the comp that were delivered? And lastly on the European business, what is your timeframe for the Europe business and what should we look at in terms of stepping stones to show the progress going forward? Thank you.
Steve Fasching: I'll take the first one. Our DTC comp was up 4.7%. As you know, we don't break out retail and e-com. But clearly e-com performed very strongly. I think retail for the most part was kind of within our expectations but down. And so you know it's something that we're constantly looking at. It's something that we talked about really for the last couple of years of how we're shaping our fleet and how we're improving performance. So something that we're going to continue to monitor, clearly, retail plays an important strategic element in how we go to market. And so that's going to be a continued area that we're going to look at. And it's something that we are working on and improving in some of the stores that have been underperforming. And for those that have underperformed, we've closed. So that's something that we'll continue to monitor and work as we progressed along.
Dave Powers: And with regards to the European business, and just to clarify that is an UGG specific challenge that we're having in the EMEA region. I would say, Dana, we're coming out of year one of a three year reset. Obviously, some declines that we had planned for and some challenges that I mentioned. But I would expect to see really the real indicator of brand consideration in that marketplace. We track that on a regular basis, and we'll do our best to keep everyone updated through our quarterly calls. We have a lot of internal conversations around marketing, using local influencers versus global influencers for ramping up our digital marketing tools in that region, to really drive excitement and brand consideration. And then I would say probably in FY21, you'll start to see the business level out with return to growth in FY22, at this point.
Operator: Our next question will come from Sam Poser with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser: Can we talk a little bit about China and the consumer regard and what you're seeing initially with the coronavirus, as well as they done have a lot of production there now, but also what you're seeing with the timing of production out of China as well.
Steve Fasching: So I'll start with that and Dave can jump in. I think, as we said, we do have a factor in there, a little bit on more of the demand side. From a supply side, most of our product is coming out of Vietnam, so we haven't seen at this point any disruption from a supply side issue. As I said, we have put in an element around the demand related to China and restrictions in China. As I also said, it's still very early. So it's really hard to know where this is going to go and how it's going to end up. But at this point, with the majority of our supply coming out of Vietnam from a supply issue, we're in good shape but we'll see how things develop.
Dave Powers: Yes, I don't really have much more to add on to that. I think it's kind of a wait and see, not just for us in the marketplace, what this does to the global Chinese consumer and impacts in other regions and retail business as a result of that. We do have teams in Shanghai, we have team in Guangzhou. They are challenged. But as Steve said to the rest of the business right now, we think we've got quantified. There may be a little bit impact on internal kind of development work over the next few months. But we don't see that as a significant impact to the business going forward. But we're obviously going to continue to monitor it closely and also keeping a close eye on the health and the well being of our teams.
Sam Poser: And then secondly, in regards to HOKA, what percent of that business is -- well, I've a couple of questions there. What percent is domestic versus international and then is that entire DTC is digital? Is that correct?
Steve Fasching: DTC is all digital at this point. Yes, correct.
Dave Powers: So back to the mix, Steve?
Steve Fasching: On the HOKA breakout and we haven't given specific numbers. But from a dollar perspective, I think it's -- we're about two-thirds little less on domestic and one-third kind of international.
Dave Powers: And as we also mentioned, this is the first time that we saw unit sales in the Europe or the international business eclipse that in the U.S. So keep in mind there it's largely a much bigger portion of wholesale business and a large distributor business. So the average price on a product there is lower because of that. But we're excited about the unit growth, which means more shoes on more feet across the globe, which means adoption is increasing. It just gives us more excitement around the opportunity internationally.
Sam Poser: And when would you take, I mean -- when would you go to a JV and subsidiary there? At what scale do you need to think about flipping it out of the distributor model and into a subsidiary or JV model?
Steve Fasching: Yes, I'm nothing to share there right now. We're continuing to evaluate opportunities for that long-term in all regions. And so, right now we're staying the course and building brand helping our subsidiary market, supporting the distributors. We have actually done that with our Canadian market. So this will be the first year in FY21 that is fully owned and run by us. We did that in Japan about three or four years ago, and it proved very successful. So it's something we're considering as we look at the long-term strategic outlook of this, and making sure that operationally we are ready to do that if we get to that point.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jim Duffy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Peter McGoldrick: Hi, this is Peter McGoldrick on for Jim. Thanks for taking my question. I was first interested, as HOKA continues to deliver outside to the plan. Where are you seeing the increases in brand recognition? And then further, can you speak to the brand marketing and product strategy as you look to recruit younger consumers? And as this evolved at all, have you grown with scale?
Dave Powers: I think to answer the question, two areas that we're seeing work well is new product introduction, so the Carbon X and Rincon. Those are resonating with the younger consumer, consumers who want to go faster but still want the overall benefits from the cushion experience that HOKA provides. So we're going to continue to do that. And we're going to continue the formula we're using real consumer experiences in HOKA product to tell that. So leveraging the time-to campaign, making sure that we're reaching diverse consumers as we have been and really cultivating younger consumers through some of the efforts that the field marketing reps are doing across the region, continuing to show up in the right events globally, staying authentic to the channel, continuing to innovate at a fast pace. And what's great now about the breadth of the brand is it is being adopted by a large diverse consumer across the board. And we are seeing growth and excitement and penetration into the younger consumer. So we're just going to continue to cultivate that and you'll see that in increased marketing spend and the approach that we're taking. In the product pipeline, we'll continue to build on the successes that we've had in our core franchises of Bondai and Clifton and speed go. The Carbon X product is going to continue to evolve. And we're looking at great opportunities to expand that across the board. And we're very pleased with the introduction of the Rincon product and see that as a key evolution going forward as well.
Peter McGoldrick: Then on the sourcing situation, I know that you're locked in on sheepskin for next year, given the drought and fire situations in Australia. Can you help us think about any risks that you may be considering for fiscal '22 or the size of any exposure there? 
Steve Fasching: Yes, normally we give that update but I can give you just a little bit of clarity. So we're covered into 2022 so we're fully covered for 2021 and we're comfortably covered for 2022, and we'll be able to provide more of an update. But the supply that we have locked in we feel comfortable with the position that we have really definitely over the next year and well into 2022.
Dave Powers: And in addition to that, keep in mind that we have been leveraging the development of UGGpure and materials as an alternative to pure sheepskin, that's growing as a proportion for the line as we get into more diverse product and more fashionable product and different price points that balances out the demand for twin phase sheepskin and it's also helping margin and retail opportunities as well.
Peter McGoldrick: Then last one with holiday '19 in the bag. Can you give us an update on how big the core classics franchise is, and how much bigger that is than any emergent franchises like Neumel or Fluff Yeah?
Steve Fasching: So total women's classics, you know we've been hovering in the last few years below 50%. We're now turning closer to 40%, just seen above 40%. So part of that is on purpose with how we're controlling distribution allocation of the women's classics franchise. And some of that is also bolstered by the fact that you are seeing success in men's in other areas, such as the Fluff Yeah, and that strategy's working. We have more progress that we need to make in the international markets. Those are still a little bit more heavily penetrated, some of the in the core classics. But as the adoption of the Neumel and the Fluff, you know the categories increased in those markets and we finished out the segmentation and allocation work, we hope to see the same results in those international markets and being less reliant overall.
Operator: Our next question will come from Paul Lejuez with Citi Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Just curious how you're thinking about the long term margin in the HOKA business, and how you balance the pace of margin expansion with investments necessary in that business. And also curious on HOKA, what percent of the HOKA business is footwear versus other categories? And how do you see that progressing over the next several years? Thanks.
Dave Powers: I'll answer the second question first and I'll let Steve answer the first one. Currently, HOKA is part of about 99% footwear. And when you look at the long range opportunity in the brand and we've talked about getting two and beyond the $500 million point, there's a lot of runway still within just footwear. We're for incubating apparels. There is going to be a launch that's coming out in the next quarter, which is a GDC only launch in the U.S. to see what the appetite is for apparel and test. But the teams are 100% focused on evolving the footwear business, continuing to take market share. But we do see longer term, three to five years down the road that this can be a much bigger brand beyond just footwear. And we think apparel and gear is an opportunity within that as well.
Steve Fasching: And then, Paul, the way we're thinking about the margin, it depends on a number of factors. But clearly, on the domestic business where we have opportunity for margin improvement is with migration of more customers online. And we have seen that happening and that's helping drive some upside on the margin. So as we've talked about before, as consumers are introduced to the brand through the wholesale channel, there is a migration online as they get further down into repeat purchases. So we're continuing to see that trend, probably a little bit stronger than what we earlier identified. And then to the question earlier that we got, as we look at international markets, the further opportunity there is how we capture sales, both from our own market in the wholesale distributor markets, conversion to online business. So a lot more opportunity to drive the higher margin business, but we're still growing the brand. So we're bringing customers in, it's about how we're bringing customers in through all channels. And as they further engage with the brand, our opportunity is how we engage with them online and drive that margin for them.
Dave Powers: And the mix of online business as a percentage of the total, if that increases, obviously, the margin gets exponentially better, and we're able to capture that consumer for the long-term lifetime value of that sale. And then our digital marketing efforts and our return on digital marketing spend against our Web site is exceptional, so we're going to continue to fuel that at the pace of the growth that we're seeing.
Paul Lejuez: Can I just go back to the China question for a second? Can you just remind us what percentage of you sales are in China? And I think you didn't indicate any sort of percentage of your sourcing coming from China. Did you mean to be that that you don't have anything sourced in China at this point? And I'm just curious what that percentage is? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Right now, where we're at with sourcing coming from China is it's about 10%, maybe a little bit less, and so we've factored that into the -- what we spoke about earlier with the risk and then the long range view of the company and margin opportunity [Multiple Speakers] 10% of shipments that are at risk coming out of that market. And as you know, the teams have done a fantastic job. I have to give them credit for migrating out of China over the last three years. Not only have we quickly migrated to new markets in Vietnam and beyond, but the quality of our product has improved overtime and the margins have improved as results.
Paul Lejuez: And percent of sales from China?
Steve Fasching: Yes, what we've said specifically to that is one kind of in the current quarter what we factored in and still relatively small. In terms of international markets, we've said about half of that is Europe, 40-ish percent of that is APAC. And when you look at APAC, it's now kind of split between China and Japan largely.
Operator: And our next question will come from Mitch Kummetz with Pivotal Research. Please go ahead.
Mitch Kummetz: I was wondering if you could give a little bit more color on the UGG men's business, I think you said it was up 10% in the quarter. What percent of total UGG is men's now? And then it sounded like Neumel was particularly strong. I don't know if you could speak to how much year-over-year growth you saw in Neumel. And then I have a follow up.
Steve Fasching: Right now, men's is tracking as we planned it. As you know, we've been talking about this for the last few years now and migrating men to younger, more fashion oriented consumer with different distribution away from the traditional slipper and classic business. We're now at about 15% of the total penetration. We think the potential there is closer to 20% over time. But it's really being driven by the Neumel franchise and some of the winter boots in that business. So the Neumel has continued to resonate, both their core distribution but also at new distribution like the Footlocker and Footaction, real strength in journeys. We've opened up some sport lifestyle distribution in the EMEA market, which is starting to perform well. It hasn't resonated to the same extent in Europe and Asia that it has in the U.S. yet, but it's an early days of introduction at that consumer. So we're leveraging the marketing playbook that has worked well in the U.S., which is collaborations and high level influencers and ambassadors for the brand, showing the product in a new and exciting way and we're going to continue down that path. At the same time, we're seeing success in derivatives of that, the Harkland boot which is little bit slimmer and more appropriate to an international consumer, leveraging the Butte franchise, which is our leading winter boot and then leveraging existing styles like the Tasman slipper, which is also being worn by younger high school, college age students. So we feel good about the reach of the consumer and the diversity of the product, and the teams are working very fast to iterate as much as we can and to take advantage of the opportunity. And as I mentioned earlier on, there is also opportunity we think in the Fluff franchise to translate that to the male consumer as well.
Mitch Kummetz: And then, Steve, just real quickly on the Q3 beat. I think you said that roughly $20 million of the sales outside was timing, $5 million of that was wholesale and I get that. You should able to see if there orders told forward or not. Then you also said that $15 million was DTC. I just want to have a better sense as to how you can tie or how you can engage the timing of DTC? How do you know that that's timing versus just outperformance in the quarter?
Steve Fasching: So one thing we did this year is we've pulled forward our closet event. So last year, we had it in January. This year we pulled it into the last week of December. And we saw two things; one, we saw it perform but we saw it perform better than what we expected; and we did see a corresponding low to the start of January. So you know that was the case where we saw products selling stronger in that last week where we thought some of that might trickle really into the first part of January. And so capturing that sale late in December and the low, we put the timing as people were buying the product earlier.
Dave Powers: You know, because makes sense…
Operator: We will now take the last question of the call from Janine Stichter with Jefferies.
Janine Stichter: Just one more on HOKA, so really impressive growth there. Is there anything in terms of capacity constraints that would prohibit you from growing at the level that you've been growing in the coming quarters? And then also just one on Koolaburra, that's been a small brand obviously and it's kind of becoming a little bit more noticeable. How should we think about the potential growth there? And then if you could just help us understand how much of the growth is coming from expanded distribution versus just better sell-through with your existing partners? Thank you.
Dave Powers: So on the capacity, it's a great question. And first I would say I give the teams a lot of credit. This explosive growth is a lot more than we had anticipated or planned for. So the teams have been able to quickly chase not only production capacity but materials and be able to keep the fuel -- the flow of inventory in those core products to the extent that we're not really missing sales, but we are capitalizing on the opportunity. And we've had great discussions internally on making sure that we are preparing for continued acceleration of that brand, working closely with our partners, the teams have been over in China within the last month and a half, working closely with our factory partners, both on machinery to be able to produce the shoes but also the capacity. And we feel really good about our opportunity to continue this rate of growth. With regards to Koolaburra, we're very excited about the reaction to the brand by the consumer, how they are -- how that brand is performing at retail and at the retail prices that consumers are paying for it. We've had a great, obviously, initial launch over the last couple years with Kohl's. Footwear business is strong. We actually just launched, if you guys haven’t noticed. This fall we had a home launch with them through our license partner, which was also very successful at Kohl's. We're looking at ways to expand that as well. We're not really looking to expand distribution for Kohl's. It’s really around penetration and existing partners. And then there's opportunity to expand the business in Europe. We had a soft launch this fall, things went well. We had some little bit of late deliveries on products, so we didn't capitalize on the full opportunity. But it is going to be something that we're going to continue to go after. And we're looking at this longer term as not just a footwear brand but really a lifestyle brand. And we're incubating business opportunities to be able to capture that now.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session as well as our conference. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q2  (2019-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands’ Second Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, Senior Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning. Please go ahead.
Erinn Kohler: Hello and thank you everyone for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical facts, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance, including but not limited to, our projected revenue, margins, expenses and earnings per share as well as statements regarding our strategies for our products and brands. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management’s current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. Please note that throughout this discussion there maybe references to certain non-GAAP financial measures for comparable prior year results. These non-GAAP financial measures refer to results before taking into account non-recurring charges that are not believed to be core to our ongoing operating results. Our non-GAAP financial measures are not adjusted for constant currency. While we do not have any non-GAAP financial adjustments for the second quarter of fiscal 2020, a reconciliation between our reported GAAP and non-GAAP results for the prior year can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our website under the Investors tab. With that, I will now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. The Deckers team has delivered yet another strong quarter. For the second quarter of fiscal 2020, revenue increased by 8% versus last year to $542 million. Gross margins came in above 50% and we delivered earnings per share of $2.71. These results are above the high end of our guidance range due to the outperformance in the HOKA ONE ONE brand as well as the strength seen through early shipments related to the UGG brands domestic business. During the second quarter, we continued to drive momentum in our key initiatives. As HOKA continued to experience explosive growth, UGG men’s boots increased by high-teens percentages, UGG women’s non-core expanded through the fluff franchise and our online performance was strong. The Deckers team is focused on the execution of these key initiatives and I believe our commitment to investing in marketing and innovation, have been central to the strength of our results. Our results also highlight the organization’s focus and discipline to drive healthy top line growth while maintaining our top tier levels of profitability. I will now review the brand highlights from the quarter starting with the fashion lifestyle group. The fashion lifestyle group consists of the UGG and Koolaburra brands. For UGG, global sales in the second quarter were up 2% versus the prior year to $405 million driven by continued strength domestically with some offsets in our EMEA region. The health of our domestic business has been driven by a clean marketplace. Thanks to our allocation and segmentation strategy as well as targeted investments in digital marketing and PR. UGG brands interest in the U.S. is up 11% in the quarter versus last year according to Google trends. In particular, we have seen another 20% plus increase in customer acquisition within the key 18 to 34-year-old demographic. This targeted demographic increase has been driven by the powerful organic PR driven by the UGG brand, which include several high profile celebrities photographed wearing our product. From a product perspective, the Fluff Yeah Slide shows no signs of slowing down. The hybrid sandal slipper has been a steady acquisition vehicle for new consumers online in addition to continued momentum in the wholesale channel. The UGG team has built a thoughtful plan for lifecycle management aimed at optimizing the Fluff franchise’s differentiated point of distribution. The women’s non-core business is also experiencing early success with the newly launched Classic FM which is a fashion forward take on our iconic classic boots. The UGG design team has done a fantastic job of delivering compelling new products with strong tie to our heritage styling. I believe the Classic FM combined with new products featured in the recent launch of our women’s classic revolution campaign go a long way in highlighting the depth of the UGG brand differentiated product offering. Due to these new product introductions and segmented distribution strategy, our women’s business is experiencing increasing adoption from younger consumers. On the men’s side, I am pleased with the early response to the Neumel nation marketing campaign, our largest ever men specific campaign which drove a double-digit increase in the number of male consumers to ugg.com with over half of them being new to the brands. For the campaign, we partnered with actor and fashion influencer, Luka Sabbat, who represents the UGG brand ethos of defying convention and changing culture. On the heels of Neumel nation, UGG released its second limited edition collaboration with fashion designer, Heron Preston. The collection featured two heritage styles, the Tasmin slipper and the Classic Mini with updated features and benefits. Both the new Neumel marketing campaigns and collaboration efforts are aimed at driving increased awareness and consideration from young male consumers. And I look forward to the results they will drive in our third quarter. On the international front, we are in the early stages of a multiyear plan to reset the marketplace in our EMEA region. As a reminder, the marketplace reset in Europe is similar to the strategy that we successfully implemented in the domestic wholesale marketplace over the past few years. This strategy is intended to clean up inventory in the marketplace, consolidate the account base to focus on partners who best represent the UGG brands and provide a more differentiated consumer experience. The end goal of this strategy aims to enhance the consumer experience with the UGG brand. We believe this strategy, has been key of our domestic success and as a result we are working to drive successful implementation in the EMEA region. The revenue headwind of these actions in addition to the impact of currency is in total estimated to be approximately $25 million to $30 million for the remainder of the fiscal year. Overall, I am encouraged by the progress of its making with a variety of consumer segments and look forward to continued strides in our holiday quarter as we launch our largest ever holiday campaign. The holiday campaign will celebrate the gift of UGG with the Los Angeles based Elis music family. Look out for that launch over the coming weeks. Turning to Koolaburra, global sales in the second quarter increased 41% versus the prior year to $26 million. Koolaburra growth was aligned with the brand strategy of gaining market share in the domestic wholesale family value channel. We are excited to be launching Koolaburra with a few new partners this season in conjunction with the increased demand experienced with our existing partners. The brand is also testing some category extensions this fall, which includes the launch of licensed home products with Kohl’s. Having said that, our near-term focus for the brand remains on building compelling footwear targeted for the family value channel. At the close of the second quarter, I feel both UGG and Koolaburra are well positioned to capture holiday demand through segmented and differentiated product in their respective channels of distribution. Shifting to the performance lifestyle group, which is comprised of HOKA ONE ONE, Teva and Sanuk, HOKA continues to exceed expectations. For the second quarter, HOKA global sales increased by 50% to $78 million. Similar to the first quarter, the HOKA brand’s growth is well balanced with strength domestically, internationally and across both wholesale and direct-to-consumer channels. From a product perspective, the HOKA brand experienced success in both its core franchises as well as with new product introductions. On the franchise front, Clifton and Bondi continued to experience significant growth year-over-year. In the meantime, HOKA is also finding success with new styles such as the Carbon X and Rincon which are bringing new consumers to the brand. The HOKA evolution is best evidenced by recently becoming the number two brand in terms of run specialty market share for the month of August according to NPD. The Rincon was released in July with the target to acquire high school and college based athletes. This innovative new silhouette was designed with the lightweight cushion expected in the typical HOKA shoe, but a more accessible price point. The coordinated Rincon marketing campaign was highly successful in the quarter with 50% of online consumers being new to the brand and nearly 40% of those consumers represented in the 18 to 34-year-old demographic. In terms of new product launches for the spring 2019 season, I am happy to announce that every single new product, HOKA launched won an award. These accolades range from the Rincon winning editor’s choice by Runner’s World to the Carbon X winning Gear of the Year from Outside Magazine. This recognition is a direct result of developing innovative high performance product and combining it with the right marketing and distribution. Congrats to everyone involved in this impressive achievement. This is yet another indication of the strength of our product and innovation engine at Deckers. Shifting to Teva global sales in the second quarter increased by 7% to $23 million. The universal and hurricane franchises continued to drive brand momentum so much so that Teva was able to regain the title of number one in market share within the sports sandal category for the spring 2019 season according to NPD. The brand had an impressive spring season both in terms of revenue performance and brand heat. Teva was featured in the New York Times as well as an article in Vogue that gave Teva the honor of being called shoe of summer. Congrats to the Teva team on a great spring season. Looking to fall, we are encouraged to see the Ember franchise and corresponding marketing campaign has continued to be an acquisition vehicle for the brand, driving a nearly 50% increase in search interest according to Google trends. Global sales in the second quarter were $11 million. Most of the decline versus last year is attributable to the weakness in the Yoga Sling franchise. As noted during our Q1 earnings call, we have made the strategic decision to exit the warehouse channel to focus on healthier full price channels. We expect sales volumes will continue to decline for the balance of FY ‘20 but remain focused on exploring healthier avenues for brand distribution as we work to reposition it in the marketplace. All of Deckers Brands and marketing teams are making great strides on building compelling product with targeted and diverse consumers in mind in conjunction with a strategic global marketing plan that enabled increased investments. Our brand, strong PR in addition to focus digital marketing efforts would drive first half performance and I look forward to additional progress in that front. Moving to channel performance in the second quarter. Global wholesale increased by 9% versus the prior year driven primarily by domestic expansion in UGG, HOKA and Koolaburra as well as international expansion of HOKA and Teva. Gains in HOKA and Teva internationally have mostly been driven by the strength of our Asia-Pacific region. In aggregate, international wholesale was slightly down versus the prior year due to the UGG reset in EMEA as well as negative pressure from foreign currency exchange rates. From a direct consumer perspective, comparable sales increased 7% versus the prior year with total DTC sales up 5% versus the second quarter last year. E-commerce continues to drive gains in the DTC channel which has been led by the strength of UGG and HOKA. The HOKA brands gains in DTC are shifting the channel mix dynamics for the brand which is leading to an improved gross margin profile. While largely sale in quarter, our second quarter performance was solid but the Deckers team remains focused on delivering our largest third quarter ever. I’m confident that with the recent momentum of the business, we are well positioned for the back half of the year. I will now hand the call over to Steve to provide more details on our second quarter financial performance as well as outlook for the third quarter in our full fiscal year. Steve?
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave and good afternoon everyone. As Dave just mentioned, we have tremendous momentum in the business and have delivered a record second quarter. This quarter is yet another example of the progress we have made in growing our brands while at the same time, delivering improved levels of profitability. And now I will walk you through some of the elements of the quarter. Revenue was $542 million, up 8% versus last year and above the high end of our guidance range of $515 million to $525 million of the better than expected performance approximately $10 million was driven by the HOKA brand with exceptional results both in wholesale and direct to consumer channels with the balance of the be driven by earlier domestic wholesale shipments for the UGG brand. Overall, gross margins were up 20 basis points over last year to 50.4% this result was an improvement of our implied guidance with the main drivers of the variance to expectation coming from savings from the utilization of less expensive freight options, an improvement from higher gross margin rates on closeout sales and the favorable mix with the HOKA brand increasing its penetration to the total company beyond what we had anticipated, including incremental growth in e-commerce. These partially offset by channel mix as wholesale grew faster than DTC. In terms of SG&A expense, our dollar spend was up 8.9% to $175.9 compared to last year’s GAAP spend of $161.5 million and up 9.1%, compared to last year’s non-GAAP spend of $161.2 million. Spend was aligned with how we guided the quarter. This increase versus last year was driven primarily by incremental marketing investments that have been put in place to drive awareness around the HOKA brand, UGG men’s product as well as the extended UGG women’s offerings. This all resulted in earnings per share of $2.71 compared to last year’s GAAP earnings per share of $2.48, last year’s non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.38 and the high end of our guidance range of $2.15 to $2.25. The $0.46 beat to the high end of our guidance came from $0.15 of increased HOKA performance, $0.15 of favorable gross margins including savings in freight and a higher margin rate achieved on closeout sales, $0.10 from earlier domestic wholesale shipments from the UGG brand, $0.03 from reduced share count related to the repurchase of shares in the second quarter and $0.03 from a lower tax rate for the second quarter due to timing of discrete tax entries, partially offset by the reduced interest income. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.1 million shares of the company’s common stock at an average price of $145.31 for a total of 155 million. As of September 30th, 2019, $160 million remains available under our share repurchase authorization. Our balance sheet at September 30th remains strong as cash and equivalence were $178 million down 2% from $182 million at September 30th of last year which includes repurchasing $155 million worth of shares during the second quarter. Inventory was up 8.5% to $559 million from $515 million at the same time last year. And we had 14 million in short-term borrowings under our credit line as compared to $71 million last year. Before moving on to our updated guidance, I’d like to reiterate the performance achieved in the first half of fiscal 2020 as compared to the first half of last year. Our portfolio of brands delivered $819 million in revenue, representing a 9% increase versus prior year driven by a disciplined approach to driving our key initiatives. Strong gross margins of 49.2% were achieved an increase of 46 basis points and even with the strategic reinvestment we experienced SG&A leverage with operating expense decreasing as a percentage of revenue. All of this, leading to a 27% increase in operating income for the first half of the year and then nearly 50% increase in earnings per share versus the first half of last year. Now moving on to our outlook, for the third quarter of fiscal 2020, we expect revenue to be in the range of $885 million to $900 million which anticipates growth in the range of 1% to 3% this is on top of the strong increase that we experienced in the third quarter of last year. To provide some additional color on the brand elements, we expect UGG to be roughly flat as the domestic strength will be largely offset by international pressures. Strong growth with both the HOKA and Koolaburra brands, a year-over-year decline in the Teva EMEA business which will be offset with growth in Q4 due to the timing of the distributor orders, and lower sales in Sanuk, with this resulting in earnings per share to be in the range of $6.30 to $6.40. Within our third quarter guidance, we expect global wholesale reorders for the UGG brand to equal cancellations and we are expecting an increase of promotional activity as compared to the prior two years. For fiscal year 2020, we are updating our financial guidance. We are increasing sales from our prior range of $2.1 billion to $2.125 billion to now be in the range of $2.115 billion to $2.14 billion an increase of $15 million. This increase in guidance reflects the strength and the momentum that we continue to see in the HOKA brand with the raise related to the second quarter performance as well as a lift on the balance of the year for the brand. Our expectations for the HOKA have continued to climb, well beyond our original outlook for the year. But it is important to keep in mind that with this increase our near-term ability to chase further incremental revenue for HOKA is limited due to timing of inbound inventory. As we have pivoted into the peak selling season for the UGG brand, our full year outlook for UGG remains consistent with our original guidance for fiscal 2020, at flat to low single-digit revenue growth. As previously mentioned our outlook assumes a higher level of promotional activity as compared to last year and remains unchanged for the back half of the year. To summarize our updated outlook for the full year at a brand level is as follows. UGG revenue expectations remain flat to up low-single digits. HOKA is now expected to be up in the mid to high 40% range, Teva is still expected to be approximately flat inclusive of the EMEA distributor channel shift, Sanuk is expected to be down in the 30% range and Koolaburra is still expected to grow in the mid 50% range. Turning to the remainder of the P&L, gross margins are expected to be approximately 50.8% SG&A as a percent of sales are anticipated to be slightly lower than 36%, operating margins are now expected to be approximately 15% and we are raising our expected earnings per share to be in the range of $8.90 to $9.05 on a newly updated share count of approximately 28.7 million shares with a full year tax rate of 20.5%. The roughly $0.45 raise in earnings per share is being driven by increases of $0.20 from higher HOKA brand sales including the second quarter beat and raised expectations for the back half of the year, $0.20 related to the second quarter share repurchase and $0.15 from favorable second quarter gross margins. These partially offset by $0.10 of additional expense added in the second half as we continue to shift our expense profile from fixed to variable spend allowing us to reinvest in our key initiatives and support our increased full year revenue outlook. Our guidance for the third quarter and fiscal year 2020 excludes any potential non-GAAP charges as well as the effect of any future share repurchase. Additionally, we believe that we have been able to mitigate any material impact from tariffs in the current fiscal year 2020. On that topic we are continuing to assess the impact of tariff policy decisions going forward. As there still a lot of factors to work through, we are not yet providing an estimate on the impact beyond fiscal year 2020. We are evaluating options that can potentially offset these increased costs including considerations of pricing power within our brands as well as continuing conversations with our suppliers who are willing to work with us. As a reminder, we have stated that less than 20% of our current global production is created in China and shipped to the United States. During this period, we also provide an update on our sheepskin pricing. We continue to see stable prices in the sheepskin market and we expect no change in the sheepskin costs for fiscal 2021. This does not constitute our gross margin guidance for next year as our sheepskin costs are only one component of our gross margins. With our strong first half results behind us, we remain confident in delivering the expectations outlined for the balance of the fiscal year. Our full year guidance implies second half revenue growth of 2% to 4% versus last year. This is on top of the 5% growth achieved in the second half of fiscal 2019. To summarize our full year guidance, we are now projecting top line growth in the range of 5% to 6% with the intention of delivering a 15% operating margin. To achieve this, the Deckers organization is focused on executing our strategies in the upcoming peak holiday season. And while there is work ahead of us, I would like to thank the team for their continued dedication and energy put into our brands every day. With that, I will now turn it back to Dave for his closing remarks.
Dave Powers: Thank you, Steve. As I look back in the first half of this year, I am encouraged by the progress we’ve made on our key initiatives. This includes investing in marketing to drive brand heat and awareness in HOKA UGG Men’s and UGG Women’s non-core, building our technology tools and talent base to advance analytical capabilities and drive efficiencies and how we connect with consumers, both existing and acquired and using innovation to develop incremental opportunities that can add value to our brand portfolio. I would like to thank all of the Deckers employees across the globe for their continued devotion to delivering strong results through the execution of our strategies. But before I turn the call over to Q&A as you may have seen in our earnings press release earlier this afternoon, Mike Devine has been appointed to the role of Chairman of the Board. Mike has been on the Board for the past eight years and assumes the role from John Gibbons. I look forward to working with Mike in this capacity. John will remain on the Board and I would like to thank him for his leadership as Chairman. The past few years have been transformational for Deckers and John has been a great partner in this journey. Jones’ insight and expertise has been instrumental in our progress and I am extremely grateful for his contributions to the Deckers organization. And as always, I would like to thank all of our stakeholders for their continued support. I am excited about the opportunities in front of us and the direction our organization is headed. With that, we will now open the call to Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question today comes from Jonathan Komp of Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Thank you. I want to maybe start with the UGG brand and I am curious to hear a little more color, what you are seeing in the marketplace, I know you called out some earlier deliveries. I’m curious, maybe what drove that. And then as you look to the third quarter, just given how favorable conditions were last year. Any updated thoughts on what you expect over the next few months as cycle some of that favorability?
Dave Powers: Jon, this is Dave. The early deliveries were just opportunistic. Couple of our accounts were open to receiving some inventory a little bit earlier and we took advantage of that. But the setup for the quarter looks good. As you know, we’ve been working particularly in North America to really clean up the channel going into the season, coming out of a strong last year the inventory is very clean the accounts are set up. We’ve had a little bit of a warm start in the season but the sell-throughs are still going to wholesale and I think we are poised with the diversification efforts in the segmentation and allocation plans for a good quarter. Obviously, as you heard there some softness still in the European market. A lot of that is by design with the segmentation and allocation strategy in the market reset coming out of the UK there but still some macro headwinds with Brexit going on in the malaise of the UK consumer, but all in all, I think the way that we have been focusing on a younger consumer, diversifying the product offering, managing the marketplace very tightly, working with our key wholesale partners and going into the back half of the year with increased marketing investment, we feel we’re in a solid position.
Steve Fasching: This is Steve. Jon, just to add on that as we look at the UGG domestic wholesale business, it’s good channel for us. It is relatively clean which is why our customers want product and we have an ability to ship on products, so we’ll take advantage of that. As Dave said, international will be down as we reset Europe but other than that all the signs are good at this point and the product is resonating.
Dave Powers: We are hearing of some softness in the channel at a macro level. Obviously there is some news out there about top line softness and some of the wholesale partners managing tightly with their inventory. But as far as our brands that are particularly with UGG, Koolaburra and HOKA. We’re still seeing healthy demand and good positioning.
Jonathan Komp: That’s encouraging to hear. Maybe one on HOKA then just given that when I look over, even though the trailing 12 month basis, I think you’ve added about $100 million of revenue to the brand which is quite impressive. I’m just wondering as you breaking through to the next phase of growth, any updated thoughts on the team and the infrastructure and kind of the level of investment in place to support the growth, maybe longer term as some of the inventory constraints to become less so?
Steve Fasching: I think one of the beauties of Deckers and platform that we’ve been working on over the last few years to really improve our capabilities across the board is to be able to support the growth in the hyper growth of the HOKA brand and obviously with the margin profile of that brand, the efficiencies we’ve created across the organization, we’re well positioned to continue to invest not only just in marketing dollar but innovation design, sourcing of that brand and for the distribution globally. So it’s exceeding our expectations. We’re in a little bit of chase mode on inventory, but we’re in good shape to be able to capture as a demand at this point. We are planning for continued strong growth in that brand. And so you’ll see as we guide the beginning going into FY ‘21 continued investment to be able to continue the growth of that brand and it’s really a global opportunity. As you know, North America wholesale and DTC is very strong for that brand, but we’re seeing tremendous growth still in Europe, Japan and we haven’t really started going after China yet. So very pleased very excited with the acceptance and the demand coming from the consumer. The innovation pipeline is still strong and the signs that will be coming out in the next 6 to 12 months we feel we’ll continue that momentum and we’re going to continue to invest in it.
Dave Powers: And great international opportunity.
Steve Fasching: Yes.
Dave Powers: Continuing to see kind of that brand resonate on an international front and a lot more opportunity on that international front.
Jonathan Komp: Great. And maybe just last one if I could maybe a bigger picture for the organization, Steve or Dave, you are planning this to be the third year of mid single-digit top line growth and you’ve reset the operating margin back to 15% here, just any broader thoughts on you kind of the growth trajectory going forward for the company and any sort of kind of algorithm even at a high level to think about as a sustainable level?
Steve Fasching: Yes. We worked hard to get to this point and I give the teams a lot of credit for their discipline while at the same time, we’re really building strong healthy brands across our global marketplace and I think for us, there’s no looking back we’re continuing down this path. We think that we have some very meaningful and important brands for the consumer and our wholesale partners and we believe that we can continue this level of growth in mid-single digits and then 15% operating margin for the foreseeable future for sure.
Jonathan Komp: Okay. I appreciate all the color. Thank you.
Steve Fasching: Thanks. Jon thanks.
Operator: The next question today comes from Jim Duffy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jim Duffy: Thanks. Good afternoon. Couple of questions from me. The first I wanted to ask about the purposeful turn in the European business. Dave, can you give us some milepost to look for your progress with that. I know you’ve been through this before in the U.S. market. When do you expect to come out the other side with the European business?
Dave Powers: As we said before, it’s a multi-year strategy and we do have proof of concept with the strategy in North America, which took us 2 to 3 years to really get to the real strength of where we are now. So I would expect the same in Europe. This is really the first time that we have been pulling back on inventory with the allocation strategy and reducing the amount off price sales, part of what you’re seeing in the takedown of the projection this year is the decision to not chase off price sales we’re more focused on creating a healthy and long-term position for the UGG brand versus chasing a revenue number and I think that’s the right thing to do. The teams have been working very hard on the allocation strategy there and making sure that each account is differentiated point of view and going after the right consumer with the appropriate product. My sense is, we’ll come out at the end of this year in a much better inventory position and cleaner marketplace and then we can really start the reset going into FY ‘21 footfall ‘20.
Jim Duffy: Great. And Dave wanted to ask about the HOKA brand, you have had some good success with non-performance running styles, the hiking boot, Opana shoes, can you talk a little bit about opportunities you see beyond just the performance running category for the HOKA brand?
Dave Powers: The first thing I would say is all of the product is performance-based and they’re all built for running as our core and running in hiking obviously is our core target. That being said, a lot of our styles are being adopted by a non-runner consumer both on the fashion side as you see some of the HOKA brand and kind of the top fashion boutiques across the globe which is very exciting. But I think more importantly the average consumer from an athletic standpoint people are wearing HOKA, starting to run again or from our casual lifestyle perspective but the performance attributes of that ultra lightweight cushioned performance in that ride resonates with the casual consumer as well. And so I think you’re starting to see a lot more consumers adopt it because they just love how it feels and hopefully some of those consumers are also getting back into running again at the same time.
Jim Duffy: Great, thank you.
Dave Powers: Yes.
Operator: The next question today comes from Sam Poser with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. Could you give us the breakdown of where the where this expected incremental promotional activity is supposed to come from? Because I believe in Europe you have promotional last year. So can you just walk through that expectation, I guess both in Q3 and Q4?
Steve Fasching: Sam, so we’re expecting in our guidance increased level of promotion over last year. We think that will be wholesale with some of the retailers that we’re working with so that’s what we’ve embedded. We’ll see how it plays out, right? The biggest part of our season is still ahead of us. We’ll see how the consumer shows up. Early signs are good sell through, clear inventory. So it’s a kind of a wait and see and we’ll see kind of what happens but where it’s mostly factored is kind of in wholesale with a little bit that you’ll see in our DTC business.
Dave Powers: Yes. And as you said Sam, we’re not expecting to play into that to need to do that in the European business but we do have the ability to do that if necessary in North America wholesale and I think as we have discussed on the last call, if there is upside to the seasons is probably more on the margin side than the sales right.
Sam Poser: And could you give us some idea of what you expect the gross margin to be in the third quarter?
Dave Powers: So we’re kind of implied in our guidance, it’s roughly down about 90 basis points from last year.
Sam Poser: Got it. And then and then also are there expenses, I know you’re switching this variable model, but are there expenses looking ahead that you sort of expect to fall away next year given some of the work you’re doing in the international markets that should some of that probably money do maybe close more stores and so on so forth. Can you give us some idea there sort of just look at ahead?
Steve Fasching: We haven’t given anything out on ‘21. It’s something clearly that we’ll look at, I wouldn’t right now factor in kind of anything from a significant expense reduction, a lot of the work that we’re doing is kind of with the infrastructure that we have. So once we get back to growth, we will need infrastructure to support that growth. So there will be able to kind of use our existing infrastructure to lever growth as we return to growth on the International. So from that standpoint again, we haven’t given guidance on next year but I wouldn’t expect a significant fall off. I think to the earlier question about how we look at our P&L profile looking at a 15% operating margin we’re going to spend appropriately as we have now seen a lot of our gross margin efforts come through and then the shift to variable that we’re talking about is really about how we invest more in marketing to drive the initiatives to build brand awareness around the things that we’re doing so building awareness with HOKA, building awareness with men with UGG building awareness with spring-summer women’s UGG as well. And when we look at that is still a lot of opportunity.
Sam Poser: Thank you. I have two last questions. One, what tax rate do you expect for the third quarter? And lastly, could you give us the direct or the wholesale sales by brand so we don’t have to wait for the queue. So it’s easier to model everything going forward, please. Thank you.
Dave Powers: So the tax rate for Q3, we haven’t given that but there is going to be some fluctuations between Q3 and Q4 but roughly, we’re kind of modeling it like 21%-ish rate for Q3. And then I think your second question was just be – sorry, it was the wholesale breakout for UGG in Q2?
Sam Poser: For the wholesale for the DTC breakout by brand for the second quarter that comes out in the queue, but it really would help us model everything, if you could give us one or the other and we can back into the other one.
Steve Fasching: Yes. I can take that. So you want it in total wholesale?
Sam Poser: No, like UGG wholesale is this Teva wholesale was this, Sanuk sale was this and so on.
Dave Powers: Sure. Got it. So of the 542, 332 was UGG brand wholesale, roughly 51 million was HOKA brand wholesale, Teva with 17, Sanuk was 8 and Koolaburra was around 25.
Sam Poser: Thank you very much. Continue success.
Dave Powers: Thanks.
Operator: The next question today comes from Ross Licero with Telsey Advisory Group. Please go ahead.
Ross Licero: Thanks for taking my questions and congratulations on the quarter. Just had a question, we’ve been hearing a lot about sustainability in the market right now, can you talk about what you’re doing for that and how your messaging it to the customer?
Steve Fasching: That’s it’s a great question and I think if have been our Deckers website. I’ll start there, couple of years ago we put out some sustainability goals we call 7 x 27 that have guided a lot of the activities around sustainability for Deckers but also each of our brands and over the last 3 to 6 months each of the brands is doing individual work to improve the way they operate across the planet, both in product and kind of operational periods as well. I can’t get into all the specifics that are happening right now but there is work being done and you’re going to see some more conversations happening in the marketplace with each of our brands around efforts they are making, but it’s probably best at a brand level versus the Deckers level to focus into that because there is unique approaches to this space based on the brand positioning and the relevancy in that marketplace and for the consumer, But I am excited to say that is something that Deckers as an organization is taking seriously. We are standing behind it with our global 7/27 goals and within each of the brand and the work that they’re doing and I think you will see some continued evolution in the product that we’re bringing to market on the short term.
Ross Licero: Okay, great. Thanks. And on the men’s side, you said the Men’s boots were up double digits. But can we get a little more color on men’s overall?
Dave Powers: Men’s overall UGG for Q2?
Ross Licero: Yes.
Dave Powers: So other than just men’s is growing faster than the average overall so men’s is up more than the average.
Ross Licero: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Dave Powers: It’s really focused on Q3. If you’ve seen our Neumel we kind of Neumel nation marketing campaign their efforts in the script very great, very positive response to that campaign. As we said that’s driving interest of the brand and traffi, but the product is really a Q3 products, you should see the bigger impact of that business happening over the next couple of months, focused on the Neumel and winter boots.
Ross Licero: great, thanks.
Operator: The next question today comes from Paul Lejuez of Citi Research. Please go ahead.
Paul Lejuez: Thanks guys. Can you talk about gross margin trends by channel? What was the most channels with the driver of the improvement this quarter when you look at each channel relative to itself. Also curious if you’ve seen a lot of fluctuations or inconsistency with the inconsistent weather out there and I guess I’m kind of curious how you would look at, what percent of your assortment, would you consider weather-dependent this year versus what percentage it was last year? Thanks guys.
Dave Powers: Yes, let me walk you a little bit, maybe just through the margin walk rather than kind of breaking it out. So a year ago we were at 50.2, this year we’re at the 50.4, so 20 basis point improvement, about 50 basis points of improvement through margin expansion. So that’s just achieving better margin on product as we continue to work on those efforts. We had, as I mentioned, part of the driver of the increase in our margin was really kind of better full price selling so less promotion better margins on our close out that was about 80 basis points. And then we have a take away really from FX about 70 basis points. The channel mix, because we had more wholesale growth that was about a 20 basis take away. And then kind of miscellaneous other stuff, roughly 20 basis point. So that’s kind of the lock on the year-on-year.
Paul Lejuez: Yes and with the before price selling benefit in both channels there? Were you referring to both channels there?
Dave Powers: Yes, I mean you could where we’re doing closeout out. So where we have reduced selling online was better as well as some of our traditional closeout through.
Steve Fasching: And with regards to the weather question, for the UGG brand generally speaking, the whole brand is somewhat weather-dependent with the exception of probably slippers but what we’ve been doing over the last few years is to reduce our dependency on cold weather-related products. So for example we have reduced the reliance on core classic, we brought a lot more fashion boots into the assortment across men’s and women’s. I think some of the diversified product that you’ve seen toward the younger consumer is a less weather-dependent diversifying into men’s is less reliant on the core classic business. So we’re used to be kind of a one-trick pony, which is at the core classic across all the channels, the diversification efforts, fashion ability of the brand, the diversification across new consumers has given us more fashion relevance and less weather-dependentcy across the board and I think that served well last year and it’s only stronger this year and it gives us something that’s going to continue to evolve. So it’s less certainly we’re still dependent on the weather just like everybody else’s but I think we’re much more fashion relevant to the consumer now that is looking for product from just beyond kind of cold weather product.
Paul Lejuez: So have you actually seen more consistency in the business, even though the weather has been inconsistent as a result of those strategies?
Steve Fasching: I would say so.
Dave Powers: I would say we’ve seen improvements in other weather-dependent categories. Absolutely.
Paul Lejuez: Got it. Thank you, guys. Good luck.
Steve Fasching: Thanks.
Operator: The next question today comes from Tom Nikic with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Tom Nikic: Good afternoon and thanks for taking my questions. Quick one on the gross margins, I think you said Q3 should be down 90-ish basis points which would mean that Q4 would be down quite a bit. Basically double that amount in basis points, is that just a function of the hard multi-year compares is it tariffs, any sort of color around that would be helpful.
Dave Powers: Sure. So you are right Tom. You’ve kind of got the numbers right. That is how we’re looking at the back half of the year. It’s a combination of the things that you mentioned. The big point will be the comparison that we have to last year. So we are assuming a higher promotional back half than what we saw last year. As you recall, last year was a pretty exceptional back half of the year, as we saw sell-through at full price incredibly strong, so not what we normally see which is kind of why we’re taking a slightly more conservative approach as we look at the back half of this year but that will be the biggest component of the take-back, we’ll see how the season plays out but we do have higher promotional environment factored into the back half. And then there is always a component of FX in there and then you’ll have some impact potential with the tariff piece. So that’s kind of how we are looking at it and we’ll see how it plays out in terms of what the margin is, but you are right. And the biggest component of that will be our assumption around a more promotional environment than what we saw last year in the back half.
Tom Nikic: That’s helpful. Thanks. Just a longer term picture about HOKA, I think obviously it’s one of the more interesting, a long-term growth stories in the footwear space, based on your guidance this year, it’s going to get to something in the $300 million to $350 million range, Is there any sort of multi-year target, you can give some sort of potential revenue base for the brand that you could see in the next couple of years?
Dave Powers: This is Dave. We are not ready prepared to give that kind of guidance right now. I will say that we do think this has significant upside and the strength of the brand you’re seeing now, we see that continuing going into FY ‘21 and beyond our sights are set above over the next 2 to 3 years, 500 million and beyond.
Tom Nikic: Got it. And just a quick another one on HOKA, I know you’re still early stages international there. Could you give us some sort of sense as to what the domestic versus international split is for the HOKA brand?
Steve Fasching: Yes, it’s still about two-third domestic, one-third international.
Tom Nikic: Alright. Thanks very much.
Dave Powers: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Janine Stichter of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Janine Stichter: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Just one more on the gross margin, I think you called out less expensive freight is a driver as well, I just trying to understand what’s going on there. I think last year it was a driver of gross margin that you didn’t expect it to continue. And then I think you’d called out planning to use more expensive freight in the second quarter this year. So is there anything structural going on there with how you’re looking at freight and how should we think about that continuing?
Steve Fasching: I think the way we are looking at freight historically up to last year we used more air freight. I think we’ve gotten better at bringing product in, so that’s help alleviate some of that need to bring in air freight. We have used a little bit more this year than we did last year as we’re bringing inventory in where we see spikes in demand largely like HOKA. So I think we are demonstrated by our margin improvement, we are better at how we’re bringing product and we’ve been working with our factories doing better job level loading them, that’s helping us bring inventory in. It’s also helping us schedule a little bit better. It is also showing up as we bring inventory in a little bit earlier as well. So I think through a lot of the efforts and the margin improvements that we’re achieving, we’re kind of seeing that pay off. So, we’ll always use some air freight. We didn’t use quite as much as what we had anticipated in our guidance in Q2. We did use some but not nearly to the extent that we thought we would and it’s something that we’ll continue to look at. So, to your question things have changed and improved. I think we’re doing a slightly better job but there will always be cases where you’re going to have to use some of it, especially when you have kind of hot product and a brand that’s in demand like HOKA. General cost of freight overall is not coming down.
Janine Stichter: That’s helpful. Thank you. And then just one question on the fluff franchise, it sounds like that’s still growing nicely and a more than a year and now, can you talk about where that growth is coming from. Is it new accounts, is it deeper penetration in the accounts already in, and then how are you seeing the customer you acquire from that franchise as she buying other booth there how are you seeing her migrate outside of the Fluff in the fuzz?
Dave Powers: It’s a great question and it’s something that we’re really excited about on a number of fronts. First is we are attracting a younger consumer and a large portion of that consumer is first-time purchases to our website. So it’s serving as a vehicle for acquisition as well as driving the business for us in the short and long term. So we’re going to continue the diversification efforts still using key partners in those use accounts to reach that consumer but it really is across the board where it’s worth performing at least in North America, that style isn’t resonating as well in places like China and outside of the UK just yet but the demand for that product going into the back half of the year and into next year is very strong and we think this is a franchise that we can build on through continued diversification efforts and design and marketing and distribution efforts for quite some time.
Janine Stichter: Great. Thank you very much.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: The last question today comes from Mitch Kummetz of Pivotal Research. Please go ahead.
Mitch Kummetz: Thanks for taking my questions. Steve, I was hoping you could reconcile a couple of pieces of the guidance for me, I think you said for Q3 UGG’s flat but I think you said that U.S. would be up and then I know you also said that UGG reorders equal cancellation. So I know last year that was a net positive, including the US. So I’m trying to understand how if the reorder or cancellations side of its worse but domestic I still is the difference that you expect DTC to grow a lot or that the order book going into Q3 is a lot stronger than a year ago. I’m just trying to understand how you get there.
Steve Fasching: Yes. The piece, I think that you might be missing is the UGG international wholesale is down and that’s driven by the reset that we’re talking about in Europe as well as a currency impact on our international business.
Mitch Kummetz: I get the international, I mean, specific to the U.S. because you expect U.S. to be up, but I would think that in the U.S. the reorder cancellation piece you’re expecting worse than a year ago. So it seems like the difference with NBTC or the order book and I don’t know if that’s the case.
Steve Fasching: Yes, it’s – we are up, it’s a small number.
Mitch Kummetz: Okay. And then also for Q3 you’re saying gross margin now down 90 bps, I know you’re expecting more promotions this year than last, can you say how much of the down 90 is specific to the promotions. I mean is it like down 100 or down 200 in the promotions and there is puts and takes elsewhere that gets you to 90, just trying to understand how much your, yes?
Steve Fasching: You nailed it. So the promotion is down more than the total because we have some positive offsets.
Mitch Kummetz: Okay. And then I guess maybe just one last one since I am last in the queue, when you’re given the numbers to Sam, it plays in my model and it looks like UGG DTC was down roughly 5% in the quarter, is that just all about the reduction in store comp? Is there any way you can speak to kind of at the comp performance of UGG, DTC was that up in the quarter?
Steve Fasching: So DTC on the 542 was, call it $99 million. A year ago we did just under $94 million. So the total DTC was up, now that will be all brands.
Mitch Kummetz: And a lot of that was HOKA. I mean HOKA e-commerce was up huge. I think Hoka DTC it looks like just by the numbers you gave was up like 100% I was trying to understand what the UGG DTC did in the quarter, if you get that specific, maybe not?
Steve Fasching: You will see it on the queue when it comes out, but the UGG DTC was down and the down will be some fewer retails as well as more challenge in retail.
Mitch Kummetz: Okay. Alright. Thanks for your help. Good luck.
Steve Fasching: Okay.
Operator: This does conclude our question-and-answer session as well as the conference. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-07-26 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands' First Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. [Operator Instructions]I would like to remind everyone that today's conference call is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference call over to Erinn Kohler, Senior Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning. Ma'am, you may begin.
Erinn Kohler: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer.Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance, including, but not limited to, our projected revenue, margins, expenses, earnings per share, cost savings and operating profit improvement, as well as statements regarding our strategies for our products and brands.Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements.The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements.With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
David Powers: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone. As shown by the first quarter results posted this afternoon, we are off to a solid start in fiscal year 2020. For the quarter, our portfolio of brands posted gains in revenue as well as earnings versus the prior year with the most material contribution of topline growth coming from HOKA ONE ONE brand as new product launches paired with enhanced marketing activations continued to build brand momentum.In the first quarter of fiscal 2020, revenue was up 10% versus last year to $277 million. We delivered gross margin of 47% and a loss per share of $0.67. These results are above the high end of guidance that we provided for the quarter as we benefited from earlier delivery of wholesale and distributor shipments in the UGG brand and saw continued success in the HOKA brand including the boost from the introduction of the Carbon X.The strength seen in the first quarter provides us with added confidence in achieving our increased fiscal 2020 guidance, which Steve will walk you through later in the call.The results for the quarter are a testament to the work our teams are doing to strengthen our brands by bringing compelling product and experiences to our consumer.As I look at the industry, I see Deckers leading in innovation with two of the most exciting product launches this season in the HOKA Carbon X and the UGG fluff franchise.We're making progress in reshaping our business and I believe our investments in marketing and innovation will continue to push our brand ahead of the competition.I'll now review the highlights from the quarter starting with the fashion lifestyle group. UGG global sales in the first quarter were up 2% over last year to $139 million, driven by high teens increase in domestic sales. The strength of our domestic business was fueled by both wholesale and DTC growth.As was planned, international sales were down versus last year, but we're in the early stages of a marketplace reset in our EMEA region as we better position our brands in the marketplace.As I think about the progress we are making, I'm excited that consumers are finding more to love in the UGG brand's spring and summer offering. This year, we have seen US search interest rise by 50% over last year.In addition, UGG has also seen a significant increase in the key 18 to 34-year-old demographic where the number of online purchases in the quarter grew by 86% versus the previous year.And aligned with our company's initiative around digital growth, UGG Rewards is starting to make a noticeable impact, with nearly 40% of US e-commerce revenue being driven by loyalty customers.From a revenue perspective, UGG gained a significant incremental dollar contribution from the newly introduced fluff collection. Our marketing activations, including a partnership with Born This Way Foundation, help drive excitement around the entire collection of fluff product which we feel is unique to UGG and true to the brand's DNA.The fluff collection is driving incredibly high sell-through rates as well as attracting new consumers to the brand. The collection has been praised by high-end publications and positively endorsed by a number of high profile celebrities. Importantly, brand attention is being gained in the seasonal period in which UGG has traditionally not been top of mind.Partially offsetting the UGG brand's Q1 performance was the soft start to the sandal season as a result of rainy conditions across much of the country early in the quarter. It is also important to note that our strategy of controlling marketplace supply of core product, which is designed to reduce the sales of core product during Q1 in order to drive sales of true spring and summer product, also impacted the brand's top line results.That said, we believe this is an important step towards building a more meaningful spring business for UGG. I'm encouraged by domestic growth and the progress the brand is making towards a healthier mix of product.Just three years ago, more than half of products sold during our first quarter were autumn and winter boots. However, this year, we reduced the mix of boots to less than 40%. On top of that, UGG was once again a top 10 spring brand at Nordstrom, capturing healthy growth versus the prior year and is performing exceptionally well at Nordstrom's anniversary sale.This is further evidence that UGG is able to address counter seasonal demand in the spring and summer timeframe and remains focused on building traction in styles that are incremental to the core offering.Turning to the performance lifestyle group, which is comprised of HOKA, Teva and Sanuk.Beginning with HOKA, the brand's investments in product innovation as well as its story sharing philosophy are propelling the brand forward as evidenced by first quarter performance with revenue growth of 69% versus the prior year, with equal strength both domestically and internationally, more than doubling new consumer acquisition versus the prior year and the Carbon X launch which drove nearly 800 million impressions globally and delivered strong sales online, 40% of which were first time DTC purchasers.I'm incredibly proud of the collaborative effort to launch the Carbon X this last May. Carbon X was designed as a limited release that has exceeded sales expectations. Consumers are raving about the experience of the Carbon X as seen by overwhelmingly positive online product reviews.We feel the Carbon X launch event impressions drove serious momentum in brand awareness, leading up to a key release in our Clifton franchise.In June, the brand introduced the Clifton 6, the most innovative update to one of HOKA's core franchises. Despite just one month of availability in the marketplace, the Clifton 6 has driven very high sell-through rates and is ranked as the number one or two shoe of any brand in nearly all US wholesale specialty running accounts.This is a testament to the HOKA team's dedication to franchise management and ability to improve on a popular product through the commitment to innovation.In conjunction with these new product launches, HOKA continues to invest in building awareness. As a result, the brand recently entered a partnership with Lifetime Fitness, creating an authentic engagement opportunity with a potential to attract new consumers into the HOKA ecosystem.HOKA and Lifetime seek to empower people in all aspects of their health journey through numerous activations that showcase real and positive change regardless of size or scale.Shifting to Teva, the brand outperformed our expectations by about $2 million, but declined by 4% versus last year due to the strategic decision to adjust the European wholesale model from direct to distributor.For the quarter, the brand experienced impressive growth in both the Universal and Hurricane franchises.Moving to Sanuk, for the quarter, sales came in approximately $3 million below our expectation, primarily due to the softness in the yoga sling franchise. As we've done over the past two years, we continue to evaluate our distribution opportunities across our entire portfolio of brands.Aligned with the organization's commitment to strong brand management, we've made the strategic decision to exit the warehouse channel with our Sanuk brand.While this decision will have a negative impact on fiscal 2020 revenue, it's the right move for the health of the brand. Moving forward, this provides a better environment for Sanuk to focus on other underpenetrated channels.Moving to channel performance, wholesale increased 11% over last year, driven primarily by domestic expansion of UGG and HOKA. As a note, part of the increased wholesale volume was due to the timing of UGG shipments, which Steve will walk you through later in the call.In total, our domestic wholesale business grew by 15% versus prior year despite this being the first time that we constrained selling of UGG core classic products during the first quarter.Aligned with the strategy, we worked with our wholesale customers to shift the use of open-to-buy dollars for true spring and summer product, while at the same time reducing the amount of closeouts year-over-year.Strength domestically was also driven by HOKA growth as the brand gained market share in existing accounts and experienced increased volume in both the Clifton and Bondi franchises, benefiting from the additional brand attention due to the Carbon X launch in May.Domestic wholesale strength was partially offset by softness in our international UGG business. As we have previously indicated, we continue to see headwinds on the international front for the brand, but are addressing with the learnings we've gained from our implemented distribution strategies in the US market.Our HOKA brand continues to gain momentum within international wholesale as the brand is building important awareness during its early stages of growth outside the US.We are engaging in marketing activities that are impactful on a global scale. Specifically, we are beginning to see the benefits of these marketing activations, including our Carbon X launch and HOKA's sponsorship of ironman events in countries around the world.From a DTC perspective, comparable sales increased 16%, with total direct-to-consumer sales up 10% versus last year's first quarter. This was led by strong performance from our e-commerce channel where both UGG and HOKA contributed materially to the growth and exceeded our expectations. Similar to our wholesale channel, our domestic direct-to-consumer business was the primary driver of growth.Overall, Deckers has delivered another strong performance. Though it remains our smallest quarter, I'm proud of the progress we've made to increase the size of our spring and summer business as we have grown our first quarter revenue by 32% over the past two years.I'll now hand the call over to Steve to provide more details on our first quarter financial performance as well as outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year.
Steven Fasching: Thanks, Dave. And good afternoon, everyone. As Dave just mentioned, we are encouraged with our start to the year and now I would like to take you through our first quarter financial results, then provide details on our outlook for the second quarter and updated full fiscal year 2020.Please note that, throughout this discussion, I refer to certain non-GAAP financial measures for comparable prior-year results. Where I refer to these non-GAAP financial measures, I'm referring to results before taking into account non-recurring charges that our management believes are not core to our ongoing operating results.Also note, our non-GAAP results are not adjusted for constant currency with the exception of our direct-to-consumer comparable sales.While we did not have any non-GAAP financial adjustments for the first quarter of fiscal 2020, a reconciliation between our reported GAAP and non-GAAP results for the prior-year can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our website under the Investors tab.Now to our results. For the first quarter, revenue was $277 million, up 10% to last year and above our high guidance of $260 million. Compared to our guidance, approximately $7 million of the revenue upside was related to timing of UGG brand shipments, approximately $3 million was from stronger UGG DTC performance and the majority of the remaining balance was driven by outperformance with the HOKA brand.More specifically, UGG timing upside was from early shipment of wholesale orders globally that were originally anticipated for the second quarter. The stronger UGG DTC performance was driven by strong adoption of spring summer styles led by our fluff franchise.And the strength of our HOKA brand was driven by the Clifton 6 introduction and bolstered by the launch of Carbon X.As we look at the first quarter, we are very pleased to see success with these drivers of the business as we continue to shift business to spring summer quarters. Not only through the diversification of the UGG offering, but also through the accelerated growth of the HOKA brand, which has a much more balanced distribution across all four quarters.In comparison to last year, the revenue increase was predominantly HOKA, which benefited from the new styles such as the Carbon X and the newly redesigned Clifton 6.Gross margins were up 109 basis points over last year, to 47% and in line with expectation. The main drivers of the year-over-year increase were favorable mix of brand revenue, gross margin rate expansion, fewer closeout sales, with gains partially offset by channel mix as well as currency headwinds.To provide more detail, the favorable mix of brand revenue and the gross margin rate expansion was driven by HOKA, which carries a higher gross margin than other brands in the first quarter due to seasonality.At the same time, it is experiencing successful full price selling of core product and offerings within our category extensions.Related to the improvements in closeouts, we have improved our distribution model and have become less reliant on closeout volume in the first quarter, primarily driven by the UGG brand as we have shifted our focus to selling more season appropriate styles in the period.Moving to SG&A, our dollar spend was $161.4 million, up 4.6% from last year's GAAP SG&A spend of $154.4 million and up 4.9% to last year's non-GAAP SG&A spend of $153.9 million. The increase in the prior-year in SG&A was driven by incremental marketing spend of approximately $6 million.In comparison to implied guidance, we experienced savings in the first quarter largely coming from reduced marketing originally intended for the first quarter as we saw opportunity to move this spend to later in the year with positive organic search trends tracking in the first quarter and favorable payroll costs as we experienced deferred hiring of certain headcount.During the quarter, we also received a tax refund. More specifically, we finalized a settlement related to prior years. As a result of the settlement and receiving the refund in the quarter, we recognize the full amount in Q1.While we expected to receive payment this year and our guidance for the year assumed this, we were uncertain of the timing and therefore it was factored into the rate for the full year and spread across the year.This all resulted in a loss per share that came in at $0.67 compared to last year's GAAP loss of $1 and last year's non-GAAP loss of $0.98. This also compares to a guidance range of a loss of a $1.25 to a loss of $1.15.The $0.48 beat to our high guidance of loss per share came from approximately $0.14 from the tax refund recorded in the quarter, $0.10 from earlier shipment of UGG wholesale orders, $0.10 from increased performance in the HOKA brand, $0.10 from operating expense savings driven by the delayed hiring as well as marketing spend that is now planned and moved later in the year, and $0.05 from stronger of UGG DTC performance.Our balance sheet at June 30 remains strong as cash and equivalents were $503 million, up from $418 million at June 30 of last year.Inventory was up 9% to $473 million from $436 million at the same time last year. And similar to last year, we had no material short-term borrowings under our credit lines.During the quarter, we repurchased 227,000 shares of the company's common stock at an average price of $154.36 for a total of $35 million. As of June 30, 2019, $315 million remains available under our share repurchase authorization.Now, moving on to our outlook. For the second quarter of fiscal 2020, we expect revenue to be in the range of $515 million to $525 million and earnings per share to be in the range of $2.15 to $2.25.When combined with our first quarter performance, this outlook provides a strong first half expectation for fiscal 2020, including revenue growth for the first half of roughly 5% to 6.5% when compared to the first half of fiscal 2019 and non-GAAP earnings per share growth in the range of $0.08 to $0.18, representing approximately 6% to 13% growth versus the first half of last year.As we have now completed our US distribution center consolidation, I think it is important to note that we have planned for a more level loaded quarter-end. As a result, we anticipated that some UGG product that has traditionally shipped in the final week of Q2 will now ship in Q3 as we ramp up our first year and we create more efficiencies with our distribution operations.Now, for our full fiscal year 2020, we are raising our guidance to account for the better-than-expected performance in Q1. The upside we are flowing through to the full-year guidance equates to $0.20 in earnings per share.Our updated full-year guidance includes raising our revenue expectation to the range of $2.1 billion to $2.125 billion, with recognition that our outlook for the HOKA brand has been lifted, now assuming sales are growing in the high 30% range for the year, partially offset by reductions in the Sanuk domestic wholesale business related to the decision to eliminate distribution in the warehouse channel.And upside in the UGG business that we saw in Q1 is now projected to be offset by currency headwinds in the rest of the year.Gross margins are expected to be approximately 50.5%, SG&A at or slightly better than 36% as we defer a portion of our first quarter savings to marketing efforts and technology investments later in the year, all generating an operating margin of approximately 14.5%.Also, based on an updated view on tax, we now expect our rate to be 20.5% for the full fiscal year. These updates, combined with the share repurchase executed in the first quarter, we are raising our earnings per share for the fiscal year 2020 now to be in the range of $8.40 to $8.60 on a share count of approximately 29.4 million shares.This $0.20 raise in earnings per share guidance for the full year is being driven by approximately $0.06 from the net impact of the revised revenue expectation driven by the full year increase in HOKA projections, partially offset by the strategic reset in Sanuk; $0.06 from operating expense savings from the first quarter; $0.05 from the better tax rate, now reflecting an estimated 20.5% for the full year effective tax rate; and $0.03 from the recent share repurchase activity in the first quarter.Our guidance for the second quarter in fiscal year 2020 excludes any potential non-GAAP charges as well as the effect of any future share repurchase.Recognizing there have been recent movements in foreign currency exchange rates, we are partially hedged for our exposure in this fiscal year and our updated guidance incorporates the impact of our exposure on any unhedged amounts.We believe that the year-over-year impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation remains at approximately a 40 basis point headwind on our margins.On tariffs, we continue to monitor tariff policy decisions closely and still do not anticipate any financial impact related to the recently imposed tariffs.As a reminder, we have stated that less than 20% of our current global production is created in China and shipped to the United States.To further mitigate current risk of exposure to potential new tariffs on China imports, we have taken the opportunity to receive some inventory ahead of the normal cadence, which is partially contributing to the 9% increase in our total inventory balance at June 30, 2019 as compared to levels at the same point last year.With that, I'll now turn it back to Dave for his closing remarks.
David Powers: Thanks, Steve. While our first quarter exceeded expectations, it remains the smallest period in our fiscal year and there is still heavy lifting ahead of us to meet our objectives for the year.That said, I am excited about the progress we continue to make within the organization as we reinvest in marketing tactics to drive brand heat and awareness, fueling growth within UGG men's, UGG women's non-core and the HOKA, with increases in digital outreach, experiential marketing and event driven spend as we build our technology and tools with added talent that will advance our analytical capabilities and create new ways to connect with consumers and develop incremental opportunities that can add value to our brand portfolio in the future.Going forward, the organization remains dedicated to continuous innovation. Our design, development and innovation teams have been significant contributors in pushing the boundaries of product innovation for Deckers. And we look forward to seeing continued enhancements in the near future.I'd like to thank all of our employees across the Deckers organization for their exceptional efforts in this past quarter and their continued commitment to the successful execution of our strategies.With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator for Q&A. operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question today comes from Jonathan Komp from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead with your question.
Jonathan Komp: Yeah, hi. Thank you. I wanted to ask about the strength you're seeing, especially domestically, with UGG, given the strategy to deemphasize the classics and really focus on some new product categories that are working in the non-core periods. Dave, when you forward and kind of look at the success you're seeing with that strategy, does that at all change how you're viewing kind of the product strategy going forward in the seasons ahead and anything you can talk to about kind of the next evolution in some of the core seasons as you continue to deemphasize the classics?
David Powers: Yeah. Thanks, Jonathan. That's a great question. And it's pretty exciting momentum to see the momentum that the team is building in North America, particularly through all of our channels. And what's great about it is we are driving the business through new introductions of spring and summer product. And as you heard on the earnings script, the shift away from reliance on boots in the quarter and the growth coming from new product introductions in seasonally relevant product such as the fluff franchisor, which is a massive success for us, is – we're learning a lot from that. It's also allowing us to reach new consumers and bring new new consumers and younger consumers into the brand, which is great because they traditionally come in through the classic and then explore more of the brand. But we're seeing a large number of younger consumers coming directly to the brand for the first time, particularly in our DTC channels, purchasing that product that they're wearing in season.So, it gives us a lot of confidence that if we hit the right product design, coupled with the right social and PR strategy and marketing tactics, that we can really move the needle in these categories and in the quarter. It also tells us that big ideas in product, something that is distinctly UGG in DNA and disruptive in the marketplace is a method for us to continue to drive success in new categories.So, we had a fantastic meeting with the UGG product team yesterday and talked about the learnings from fluff here and how we translate that into future seasons across different categories and also into men's. And I think you're going to see more of these more sizable, meaningful launches. Fewer bigger launches is the approach for us going forward. But now that we have the attention of younger consumer and credibility in spring and summer gives us a lot of confidence going forward. And then, we just need to employ the same strategy globally.
Jonathan Komp: Are you willing to share any kind of thoughts on where that can go in terms of some of the new categories? I know, for UGG, you've talked about the sneaker opportunity from time to time, but any additional thoughts there?
David Powers: Yeah. I've always been a fan – we've always said the money is in the middle. So, it's kind of new innovations that are probably crossovers or hybrids of two categories. So, we'll have limited success and we can be successful in pure sneakers, but I think it's the mashup of sneakers and sandals, so you can provide the comfort with the UGG DNA. That's something that's unique that nobody else can do. I think that's where the strength of our brand is. And we have quite a few products within that coming out of our innovation team and our design team.It's interesting. This fluff product is – in our P&L, it's classified as a slipper, but the consumer sees it as a sandal. And so, I think that tells you that it has broader shoulders and it's very disruptive and interesting, and it's something that nobody else can do. And I think that's the formula going forward.
Jonathan Komp: Yeah, great. And then, just a follow-up, Steve, on the guidance. Just to understand – sorry if I missed it. Did you update at all what you're expecting UGG to grow for the full year, if there's any changes there? And then, the new guidance for HOKA as well, is that just flowing through the first quarter upside and not really changing the balance-of-the-year assumptions?
Steven Fasching: Yeah. Good question, Jon. We really aren't changing the UGG. So, kind of positive low single-digits is what the guidance is for the year related the UGG brand. No change there. There is a significant change in HOKA. So, I think before we were in the mid-20 range and we're now in the higher 30% range. So, that's where you're seeing an uptake on HOKA, but it is being offset by the Sanuk takeback as we pulled out of that warehouse channel. But, net-net, still an increase on the full year revenue number.
Jonathan Komp: Okay. And HOKA, just to understand it, it looks like you're kind of around 30% or a little below for the balance of the year in terms of implied growth after the big growth in the first quarter. So, just curious if you changed your assumptions after the first quarter at all for HOKA?
Steven Fasching: Yeah. So, it is up a little bit. You're right. We saw tremendous growth in the current quarter. That's the 69% that we're talking about, so well ahead. As we get into later quarters in the year, those are bigger historic quarters for HOKA. So, that's why the growth rate will drop a little bit on a percentage term.
Jonathan Komp: Okay, got it. All right. Thank you very much.
David Powers: Okay. Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Lejuez from Citi. Please go ahead with your question.
Kelly McClintock: Hi. This is Kelly on for Paul. Thanks for taking my question. On the UGG US wholesale business, you're still seeing strong momentum there. could you just shed some light on how much that growth over the last couple of years has been driven by expanding distribution in places like Macy's, Amazon versus organic growth in core wholesale accounts?
David Powers: Kelly, this is Dave. I think what you're seeing this quarter is very little increased distribution over last year. We spent the last three years or so in incubating new distributions such as Macy's and Urban Outfitters and Foot Locker and a couple of smaller kind of boutiques, in addition to the important department stores. And we've actually closed more accounts than we've opened. So, what we've been doing is consolidating, elevating to the key players in the industry. And so , the majority of the growth you're seeing now is increased door count within those channels or within those stores – or chains, I should say, sorry. Burt just better penetration and sell-through across the board. So, we're seeing it both in wholesale with those accounts and also in our DTC channel.
Kelly McClintock: Great. Thank you. Just on 2Q in particular, I know there were some timing shifts around UGG, some of that benefitting the first quarter. And I think you mentioned some shifting into the third quarter. So, could you just provide a little bit more detail on where you're planning the UGG business in the second quarter?
Steven Fasching: Sure, Kelly. What we have is we'll have the UGG business compared to last year down just a little bit, and that's really that shifting into Q3. So, we did bring kind of $10 million forward into Q1 and then we'll have a little bit going out on the back end from Q2 to Q3. So, that's the, call it, down kind of low-single digits.
Kelly McClintock: Okay. And lastly, just on the HOKA brand, just curious the margin profile there. How does that compare to the company average? And are there any opportunities to expand margins there over time?
Steven Fasching: Yeah. So, the margins on HOKA, as we've kind of said, are very similar to UGG in the channel, so in wholesale similar channels, in DTC similar margins. So, very strong margins. As we indicated on the prepared remarks, what's also helping drive some of the HOKA is less closeout that we're seeing. And so, we can continue to kind of drive that full price selling. It was a very clean quarter. So, I don't know how much more upside there is kind of on the surface within channel. Clearly, there's upside as we drive more DTC business with the HOKA business. So, from a channel mix, there's more opportunity as we make our DTC business with HOKA bigger.
Kelly McClintock: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross Licero from Telsey Advisory Group. Please go ahead with your question.
Ross Licero: Thank you for taking my question. Can you give a little more color on the [indiscernible]?
David Powers: Yeah. Help me out a little bit. What are you looking for in terms of…?
Ross Licero: I guess, just trends from April, May, June. Have they improved at all? And then, just a follow-up on that. Now that the weather has improved for sandals, have you seen that reflecting in the sales?
David Powers: Yeah. I think, interestingly, the months were pretty steady. They were strong from the get-go and the beginning of the quarter. In HOKA, it was really ignited by the launch of the Carbon X and the PR and the press and the buzz that the brand got from that launch. And then, when we officially launched Clifton 6, that maintained the momentum. So, that's been pretty steady through the quarter. UGG was a little bit softer in the beginning due to some of the sandal challenges, but that was offset by the fluffy ad [ph] franchise and that's continued to be strong through the quarter. So, they were pretty steady all along.
Steven Fasching: Yeah. I would say on that, just what we observed is kind of that normal cadence. We definitely see a pickup in the latter half of the quarter. I think as we saw kind of within the industry, there was some softness with the industry. I think we saw strength with UGG and a normal cadence within the quarter and a normal cadence of the business picking up kind of later in the quarter.
Ross Licero: Okay, great. And then, can you talk about how the men's business is doing for UGG and I guess how it's performing relative to your expectations?
David Powers: The men's business is still small in Q4 and Q1 for that gender. The strength of men's, where we're really seeing the growth is coming in in Q2 and Q3, really driven by the new mail franchise. So, we had some good product launches in sneakers and shoes, but they weren't enough to really move the needle in men's. So, we have work to do, an opportunity, I would say, for men's in that time of year. And we had a good meeting on that yesterday and some of the learnings that we're taking from women's in the fluff franchise and other categories and translating that into men's for spring and summer. But the real strength of men's, where we're seeing the growth, is definitely in fall winter through the new mail and with the boot category at this point.
Ross Licero: Great. Thanks a lot.
David Powers: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Poser from Susquehanna. Please go ahead with your question.
Sam Poser: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. Can you give us the specifics on how much UGG – both UGG and HOKA wholesale and retail grew? I know it's coming out in the Q, but that would help us a lot. And then, I've got a couple of other ones too.
Steven Fasching: Yeah. Sam, breaking out the channel outperformance, we'll let that come out in the Q. But good, I would say. From the numbers that we've reflected, kind of, clearly, HOKA very strong wholesale performance globally. So, not only North America business, very strong HOKA performance really across the globe.I think from a wholesale perspective on UGG, we saw strong performance domestically in the wholesale channel and internationally kind of more to expectation. But that's on the international front as we indicated in the prepared remarks, kind of more where we saw some early shipments. But, again, from a global perspective, if you take out the early shipments, wholesale performed pretty much to kind of what we expected with a little bit of overperformance in our DTC channel related to UGG in North America.
Sam Poser: Thank you. Okay. I've got a couple more things. Number two, sticking with UGG, how many dollars moved from Q3 to Q2? Because you said, part of the guidance for in Q1 was shifting from Q1 to Q4. So, why wouldn't – if demand is good, isn't this just going to keep shifting? Or you just don't know that yet and you're being discretion is the better part of valor?
David Powers: Yeah. So, it's a good question. I think one of the things that we're seeing, right, and it's a little bit harder for us to just predict is that, as inventory channels – they were clean last year, they're even cleaner this year. What we're seeing is, with the success of UGG, that retailers are asking for product earlier because they want to make sure that they have the product. And so, that's where we're seeing the shift. It's good indication of the strength and health of the brand, but it's hard to know exactly. One, they're seeing strong sell-through. They also want to make sure that they're getting product for the fall sell-out. So, that's where we're seeing kind of people taking it earlier this year than where they have, say, a year or two ago. And we'll fulfill it. Like we've said, we will guide and project to kind of what we see on the order book. But also, if a customer is asking for a product sooner than that, we'll be ready to deliver it.And then, just to note, really kind of on the shift out of Q2 to Q3, that's us being a little bit conservative with the first year of our consolidated DC. A year ago, we looked at really the last week and there is a lot of activity that goes out that last week of the quarter. So, as we have consolidated our DC, we were pushing a little bit of that out into Q3. Now, we may get orders where customers want a little bit sooner, but we want to balance out that load because it's a big load in that final week. And so, we want to be mindful of what our capacity is and kind of constraints with the new consolidated DC.
Sam Poser: And then, lastly, Teva wholesale, can you give us what the wholesale equivalent revenue would have been given the shift of the European business?
David Powers: I think it's $3 million to $4 million on that shift.
Steven Fasching: About $4 million shift.
Sam Poser: So, what would HOKA – what would Teva have been if it had just been as normal – if it was apples to apples. Would you have been up – you would have been up a little. You would have had a [indiscernible]? You probably would have been like 4%, 5%, is that right?
David Powers: Yeah, that's correct.
Steven Fasching: Yeah, that's about right.
Sam Poser: And are you still pleased with the fact that you've done this now that things are getting better? Are they getting better because you've done [indiscernible]?
David Powers: Maybe a little bit of both. I think it was the right call. It allows the European teams to focus on our core businesses and then have somebody who is strong in the region focus on expanding the Teva business in a local way. We'll continue to evaluate it over time, but I think it was the right thing as we were looking at profit improvements and focus on the organization. It's great to see that the distributors managing the business so well, which means the teams are working closely with those partners and they have the expertise required. So, I would say it was the right call. We're pleased with how it's going. And it gives us an opportunity to reevaluate down the road.
Sam Poser: Thank you very much. Continued success.
David Powers: Thanks, Sam.
Operator: Our next question comes from Tom Nikic from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead with your question.
Tom Nikic: Hey, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. Just a little bit of modeling minutia about the, I guess, your three smaller brands. I guess I'll start with Sanuk. You've got the pullback of the distribution in the US. Should we assume that that down 20%, 25% that you saw in Q1 is basically what it should look like across the balance of the year?
Steven Fasching: Yeah. I think that's fair. Yeah.
Tom Nikic: All right. Teva, I think last time you guided it flat. It was down a little bit in Q1. Should we still assume flat for the year or should we assume maybe it's down a little bit because of the shift?
David Powers: No, flattish.
Steven Fasching: Flat with the shift.
Tom Nikic: All right. And then just lastly, I don't think there was anything mentioned about the Koolaburra on the call. Just how should we think about for the…?
David Powers: So, kind of same as what we've said before. We don't see much change there, but significant growth. So, kind of up mid 50% range is kind of how we're looking at that. Yeah, Q1 is really not a Koolaburra quarter. You'll start to see that really ramp up.
Tom Nikic: All right. Sounds good. Thanks very much.
David Powers: Thanks, Tom.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Duffy from Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Jim Duffy: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Great start to year. I wanted to ask about HOKA and maybe talk a little bit about how you guys are thinking about the opportunity. Do you have any consumer insights you can share on awareness, the age demographics, repeat purchase frequency, that type of thing?
David Powers: Yeah. I think it's safe to say the awareness is increasing. I think the last time we looked at it, North America was roughly around the 12%. I don't have the exact figures in front of me, but it's definitely improving. And I think you're seeing that as resulting in the sales. The top of funnel exercises that the team have been doing, particularly the Carbon X event, which was a massive success, the way the team has pulled that off with breaking two world records in an event, that was resonating on a global scale and launching a brand-new innovative product. That brought 800 million and growing, I should say, still improving impression to the brand on a global level. So, the awareness is improving.The average age, it's a little bit older than we would like, I think, and so there's opportunity to target younger consumers through some of our marketing tactics. I just had a conversation with a brand on that yesterday. But it's also a higher price point product. So, we need to make sure that we're balancing out the high level of our performance and technical characteristics of that product and price point with shoes like the Rincon which we just launched which is a little bit more affordable price point, little bit more for an everyday runner.And I forget, what was the third point you just asked.
Jim Duffy: That was about repeat purchases.
David Powers: Oh, yeah. I think what we're seeing is that the repeat purchases are happening a little bit faster than we originally thought. And so, we're getting new consumers into the brand through our DTC channels. But I think, with the new product launches and some of the new extensions that we're seeing, we're starting to get people who are buying more products more often. There's a bit of a cult following for the brand, if you can't tell. As soon as something goes up on the website that's new, new launches or new styles, people are just grabbing them. So, it's a combination of repeat purchase on core styles that people are replenishing on. But also, when we want something new, the tribe that's following the brand is jumping on those as well.
Jim Duffy: And, Dave, when you think about the competitive set in the marketplace as a whole, how do you think – what's the framework to think about how big this brand could become over time?
David Powers: I've always said I could see a path to $0.5 billion for this brand. I think that the real opportunity is probably bigger than that. We don't want to get ahead of ourselves, but we are thinking big with HOKA and we see this as a game changer for Deckers long-term. So, it's exciting to see the acceleration of the business, the adoption of the business globally in all channels, the innovation engine is strong, the marketing tactics are working very well, the tight and controlled distribution is driving high full price selling. So, there is a lot there. The momentum and the conversation and the buzz about the HOKA brand is improving. And it just gives us confidence that we can reach some of those aspirational goals in the next three to five years. Hard to put a number on it right now, but I think if look at HOKA in the context of some of the other running brands out there, the runway is pretty significant for us.
Jim Duffy: Great. Thanks for that perspective.
David Powers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mitch Kummetz from Pivotal Research. Please go ahead with your questions.
Mitch Kummetz: Yes. Thanks for taking my comments. I've got three. Let me just follow-up where Jim left off. I know you don't want to necessarily say HOKA is going to be [500] three to five years or whatever it is. but is there any way you can kind of address where the lowest-hanging fruit is in terms of maybe product categories or distributional or regions to go from where you are today to a number – to what you think it could be in three to five years. Where is the path of least resistance, I suppose?
David Powers: Well, there's still opportunity – and it's a good question. There's still opportunity in existing channel, particularly international. We're still opening up additional accounts international and penetrating those doors at a deeper level, is one area. The same within e-commerce international. We're still setting up the mechanics of some of our sites on the international level. But if we take the playbook that's been incorporated with regards to e-commerce, I think there is a substantial amount of international growth coming out of e-commerce, just elevating awareness in the markets for wholesale. So, without even adding any additional distribution points, there is substantial growth.I think, over time, there could be expanded distribution to reach new consumers as we get into accelerating the outdoor, hiking and trail business. There's other categories that we think we could explore over time. And then, also reaching the younger consumer. I think if you look at all those components on a global scale and you think about places like China and Japan down the road, that's where a lot of the growth would come from.We have two key franchises that are driving the majority of the business now, which is the Bondi and the Clifton, as you know. But some of the new launches, like the Carbon X, the Sky collection in hiking, the Rincon, those are starting to gain traction in new distribution points, which will add to the Clifton and the Bondi franchise over time.
Mitch Kummetz: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks for the color. And then, Steve, on the gross margin guidance for the year, I think you effectively raised. I think you took out the low end of the range. I believe you said that Q1 gross margin was on plan. I'm just wondering if you change any assumptions, particularly for the fall holiday season. I know you talked about some challenges – year-over-year challenges on the gross margin line in terms of the favorable environment last year and I'm just wondering if you kept those assumptions or if anything has changed in terms of your thinking?
Steven Fasching: Yeah. So, I think what we're – you're right, Mitch. What we've done is we've basically taken out the low-end. So, guiding gross margins to the 15.5% kind of more firmly. And the pickup there is the brand mix that we're seeing, contributing to lift in the gross margin. So, with the success that we're seeing with HOKA and the increase that we've now projected for the HOKA business for the full year, that's what lifting that low-end of the margin kind of often giving us more confidence at that high end.
David Powers: [indiscernible].
Mitch Kummetz: And then, my last question, just on sandals, I know it was a bit of a challenge on the UGG side because of the weather, but it didn't sound like there were any issues with Teva and Sanuk, which I think of being more sandal oriented brands for you guys. I was hoping you might just be able to provide some color on that.
David Powers: I think there was a little bit of softness earlier on. Teva is also seeing great success in some of the core franchise styles. The originals collection is still very strong. It has kind of weathered the weather issue better.Sanuk, overall, performing, but the continued decline of the yoga sling franchise for that brand is where we saw the biggest hit.
Mitch Kummetz: Got it. All right. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
David Powers: Thanks, Mitch.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Svezia from Wedbush. Please go ahead with your question.
Christopher Svezia: Good afternoon, guys. Nice job on the quarter. My first question, just on the – on DTC comp, up 15%. That's pretty impressive. Any color you can provide? You said domestic was a big driver to that. Just between digital and physical stores. And, obviously, what's the outlook for the balance of the year? I think you pointed to flat to up low single. I'm just curios, given Q1's performance, any change in your thought process to the year?
Steven Fasching: Yeah. Good question. Yeah, you're right, Chris. Really strong comp on the quarter. Where we saw success was domestic. I think a lot of that was being driven online. We don't break it out. But, clearly, our online performance well ahead of our expectation, which really kind of drove the overperformance. Kind of as we look at it, where we really were above expectation was kind of domestic and then a very strong online performance.As we you look kind of at the balance of the year from a guidance perspective, we are looking at kind of positive low single to positive mid-single digit type comp numbers. Still a big part of the season to come. So, clearly, confidence with what we've picked up in first quarter, but again our first quarter is our smallest quarter. So, I think it's a good signal for us going into the year, but we still have our biggest quarters ahead of us. Again, I think what we saw in Q1, especially domestic, especially with what we saw online, confidence going into the rest of the year.
David Powers: This is Dave. I think it also forces the conversation about how do we learn from them and leverage those results for the rest of the year globally, particularly in e-commerce. We talked about the new – amount of new consumers coming to the brand for both UGG and HOKA online. The performance marketing capabilities that we've developed in this region, which we're taking global, are working extremely well. The PR tactics that the brands are employing and the storytelling with powerful launches and collabs, those are all driving top of funnel awareness, which is resulting in strong interest in traffic to the website. We now need to leverage those learnings to drive traffic to the stores and that's something the teams are focusing on.
Christopher Svezia: And, Dave, just to follow-up on that, I know things like [indiscernible] driving demand. [indiscernible] last year. I'm just curious, are you learning more from that, is that accelerating, is that contributing at all to the acceleration on the digital side?
David Powers: I think we're pleased with it. It's still a small piece of the total business, but it is helpful for the younger consumer as they come to our site, especially with a brand like UGG, with the average price point of that product. So, early days, but I think the teams have done a great job of making our shopping experience simple for the consumer no matter where they're coming from and how they want to pay. And I think what we're really excited also is the loyalty program, our rewards and the amount of business that that's driving. And it was about 40% of total business in the quarter for UGG came from loyalty consumers versus last year about 25%. So, that's again something that we want to continue to build on and leverage our omni-channel capabilities across stores and online to build that because the lifetime value of those consumers is very strong. They spend more money. Their average transaction is higher. They come to the brand more often. We're looking at how we can leverage that on a global scale and potentially also for HOKA brand.
Christopher Svezia: Okay. And just finally, just on [indiscernible] gross margin, you did nicely in Q1. The guidance assumes down around 100 basis points or so. I know Q2 last year, there was some freight expense. I'm just curious, how do we think about – pretty consistent or is one quarter maybe a little heavy under pressure than others. Any color about that would be helpful? Thanks.
Steven Fasching: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. I think as we look at it, we are, as you mentioned, kind of guiding the year down. You're right, Q2 does incorporate some freight. We are using freight this year. So, we do expect to see some impact of that in Q2. Really, as we look at the rest of the year, I think it's pretty consistent in terms of our kind of lower expectations, so that bringing it down 100 basis points, I would say pretty consistent as you look at the back half of the year.Again, just some background on that, we do have a higher assumption around using air freight, primarily Q2, and then to some of our estimates around how the promotional environment potentially plays out in kind of Q3, Q4. Hence the kind of the take down in the back of the year. And then, we'll also have some FX headwinds as I mentioned that we have unhedged amounts still out there still dependent on – reflecting the current rates that we currently have. We have a little bit of an impact as well in the back half.
Christopher Svezia: Got it. Okay. Thanks very much, gentlemen. All the best.
David Powers: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we've reached the end of the allotted time for today's question-and-answer session. I'd like to thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-05-23 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands’ Fourth Quarter and Fiscal Year 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, Senior Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning. Please go ahead.
Erinn Kohler: Thank you everyone for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance, including, but not limited to, our projected revenue, margins, expenses, earnings per share, cost savings and operating profit improvement, as well as statements regarding our strategies for our products and brands. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management’s current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and quarterly report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I will now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thank you, Erinn, and good afternoon, everyone. It gives me great pleasure to share with you that Deckers has achieved a significant milestone in its history. For the full fiscal year 2019, we reached over $2 billion in annual revenue in a very profitable manner. This accomplishment is a testament to the hard work that our team has put into our company and I am very proud of the results this dedication, discipline and focus have been able to produce. In addition to breaking through the $2 billion mark in topline revenue, the organization has successfully delivered on our long-term margin target a year ahead of schedule. A solid performance recorded in the fiscal year 2019 result. These results include, operating margin well beyond the prior target of 13%, driving more than the committed $100 million of operating profit improvement over the past two years and delivering returns on invested capital above the benchmark 20%. With the strides that the organization has made, especially in terms of earnings performance and cash generation, we believe that we are now positioned better than ever to invest in our brands and channels within key areas of opportunities for future growth. As a reminder, the areas of focus that we have identified include, investments in marketing to build awareness and adoption of the HOKA ONE, ONE brand and growing the UGG Men’s and UGG Women’s non-core category, as well as investment in technology to enhance e-commerce capabilities to evolve how we engage and grow with our consumers, and talent tools and analytic capabilities that will allow us to maximize the above opportunity. Today, I will share brand and channel level highlights from our fourth quarter performance and fiscal year 2019 in review before handing the call over to Steve to walk through our financial results in more detail, including an outlook for the first quarter and full fiscal year 2020. To recap the recent performance, revenue in the fourth quarter was $394 million, coming in above the high end of our guidance and 1.6% less than the same period last year, with the decline to last year mainly due to retail store closures. Despite that, non-GAAP EPS came in at $0.85, as compared to $0.50 last year. For the full year, revenue was at record $2.02 billion, up 6.2%, while operating income increased to $327 million, representing a 16.2% operating margin and earnings per share of $8.84, also a record high. In reviewing our performance over the past two years, our revenue has grown over 6% each year, our non-GAAP operating profit dollars have grown 40.5% on an annualized growth rate and non-GAAP operating margins have increased from 9.2% to 16.2%, representing a 700 basis point expansion, all delivering a two-year annualized non-GAAP earnings per share growth rate of 52%. While these results exceeded our initial outlook, as Steve mentioned on our last call, we experienced an exceptional selling environment this year in the third quarter and drove much better than expected results than what we would normally plan for. Now, turning to performance by group, starting with the Fashion Lifestyle Group, UGG sales declined by 7% in the fourth quarter to $239 million, largely due to retail store closures and international softness, partially offset by strength in domestic wholesale. The fourth quarter result was higher than previous guidance primarily related to earlier shipments of spring product moving out of Q1 fiscal 2020 into Q4 fiscal 2019. For the year, UGG of sales increased 2% to $1.533 billion, with domestic wholesale and e-commerce accounting for most of the gain. During the year, UGG experienced amplified success with younger consumers as evidenced by year-round super growth aided by the newly introduced Fluff Yeah collection, an expansion of the Tasman, continued demand for the Classic Mini and Mini Bailey Bow, and accelerated growth of the new male franchise, which included incremental purchasing from both male and female consumers. The UGG team has been focused on de-seasonalizing the business by growing our spring/summer product offering. Our recent result underscores the progress we have made on this important front. In fiscal year 2019, UGG successfully redistributed its category mix. In conjunction with UGG’s domestic wholesale allocation and segmentation strategy of women’s core classic product, the brand saw increases of over 25% in women’s shoe and sandals categories. Equally important, UGG brand interest in the U.S. is on the rise. According to Google Trends, interest in UGG over the past year grew by 7%. During the fiscal year, UGG acquired nearly 1.5 million new customers and two owned DTC channels, which we believe is the result of delivering compelling products and marketing that resonate with a more diverse consumer base. These trends are representative of why we believe in dedicating investment to target customer acquisition and engagement through digital marketing. Next, Koolaburra in the fourth quarter grew by 67% to $3.6 million, rounding out a fantastic year as annual revenue more than doubled to $44 million, driven by strong full price sales with major account. We have high confidence in our strategy of focusing on the family value channel for this brand and next year looks even stronger based on a robust order book. Koolaburra continues to gain market share that is incremental to all these business and has already shown the ability to drive profit to our bottom line. Switching gears to our Performance Lifestyle Group. For the second consecutive quarter, HOKA set a revenue record with the fourth quarter growing by 33% to $57 million. HOKA achieved impressive growth in fiscal 2019, with sales increasing 45% to $223 million. The HOKA team’s dedication to creative innovative product rooted in authentic performance continues to be the driver of exceptional result. The Bondi, Clifton, Arahi, and Gaviota Styles represent the core of the HOKA brand. These of course styles have continued to deliver significant growth, while the brand also continues to diversify the product offering, capturing new consumers, as well as satisfying incremental needs of existing loyal customers. Since launching in March 2019, the Sky Collection has received initial positive feedback from both wholesale account and consumers as the brand now expand its reach into the hiking category. The Sky collection is yet another example of how the brand is expanding its category reach, while staying firmly focused on a commitment to delivering authentic performance footwear in the marketplace. With the continued expansion of category offering, the seasonality of the HOKA brand is beginning to smooth out throughout the year and the team is strategically planning the timing of product launches. On May 1, 2019, HOKA introduced the Carbon X, establishing its impressive credentials just four days later with a record setting attempt. I would like to congratulate Jim Walmsley on becoming a new world record holder for the 50-mile distance, in doing so, while wearing HOKA’s Carbon X product. Having just launched to consumers worldwide on May 15th, the Carbon X is one of HOKA’s most innovative products released to-date with the carbon-fiber plate to help athletes accelerate and propel forward combined with PROFLY X foam, our lightest and most resilient foam yet. We are looking forward to seeing more record-breaking performances in this shoe. Within the U.S. HOKA’s wholesale business was up 30% on the year and the brand is now a top three brand in multiple specialty running account. We remain focused on growing our domestic wholesale presence through high touch premium specialty retailer. The HOKA team is gaining market share with an existing distribution for strategic category expansion. In addition to wholesale, domestic owned e-commerce continues to add meaningful volume year-over-year as we work to capture incremental replenishment business. On the international front, HOKA sales were up 59% for the year, with the largest share coming from Europe. As we noted in the past, Europe remains the largest near-term opportunity for growth, but at the same time the APAC region is beginning to show adoption. As we work to grow internationally, we are concentrating on building awareness with consumers through athletic performance, aligned with our domestic marketplace strategy. Turning to Teva and Sanuk, I am pleased with the team’s dedication for driving profit to Deckers’ bottomline. Both brands experienced an increase in gross margin and contribution margin for the second consecutive year. For Teva sales were up 3% on the year to $137 million, a record high for revenue. Growth was driven by a considerable increase in Japan, as the brand functional outdoor appeal was complemented by premium fashion collaboration. In addition to record revenue Teva’s operating profit dollar contribution was at highest on record increasing over 30% versus the previous year. On the product side, the brand recently celebrated its Born in the Canyon launch to commemorate the Grand Canyon’s 100th year as a national park and Teva’s 35th anniversary. Turning to Sanuk, sales for the year were down 9% to $83 million. The result was driven by a high single-digit decline in U.S. wholesale. From a product perspective, revenue was negatively affected by the starkness of the Yoga Sling franchise. Over the last year, the brand has been working to diversify its product offerings by introducing Chill products, which represent boots and slipper silhouette. Early reads of Chill product have been strong in attracting new consumers to the brand as 75% of online purchasers had previously not owned Sanuk. Now moving to channel performance, total company wholesale revenue increased 6% for the quarter and 10% for the year. As mentioned in our third quarter call, the U.S. marketplace allocation and segmentation implementation had been very successful. As a result, we will be implementing the strategy across Europe in the coming year, with the hopes of reigniting the market to drive healthy, full priced sales in future years. Shifting to our direct-to-consumer channel, DTC comps decreased 0.5% for the quarter. For the year, the total comp increased 1.9%. Comps for DTC were strong domestically but challenged internationally. We believe it suppressed DTC comps internationally a larger result of macro headwinds mentioned in our third quarter earnings call, but we are also actively engaged in enhancing the health of our brands across all market. Overall for the year, total direct-to-consumer sales were flat. Fiscal 2019 was another solid year for online business, as we added more than 2 million new customers globally across our brand portfolio. We continue to invest in our digital infrastructure to drive and support online engagement and conversion. As I reflect on the past year, I am incredibly proud of the organization’s achievement that went far beyond what we had targeted, both for fiscal 2019’s initial guidance, as well as our long range goal. I am delighted by the team’s successful accomplishment including highlights coming from the growth of non-core categories within its offering complemented by the implementation of our U.S. wholesale allocation and segmentation strategy. Deckers’ rapid momentum across various categories within authentic performance footwear and using innovation and brand ethos was the driving force, and continued supply chain efficiencies and discipline cost management delivering increasing levels of profitability and generating further opportunities to fuel growth as we look to the future. While we feel favorable marketplace conditions and weather patterns aided our performance this past fiscal year, we believe in our strategies and remain confident in our ability to deliver exceptional levels of performance as we move into the next phase of our growth. With that, I will hand the call over to Steve to provide details on the fourth quarter and fiscal 2019 financial results, as well as our initial outlook on the first quarter and full fiscal year 2020.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As Dave just walked you through, it was a very exciting year for Deckers, as we have achieved a number of significant milestones. Now I will take you through our fourth quarter and fiscal 2019 results in greater detail then provide our initial outlook on the first quarter and fiscal year 2020. Please note, throughout this discussion, where I refer to non-GAAP financial measures, I am referring to results before taking into account restructuring and other charges that our management believes are not core to our ongoing operating result. Also note, our non-GAAP results are not adjusted for constant currency with the exception of our direct-to-consumer comparable sales. A reconciliation between our reported GAAP results and the non-GAAP results can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our website under the Investors tab. Now to our results for the fourth quarter. Revenue was $394 million, down 1.6% from last year but above the high end of our guidance range by $20 million. The better than expected performance was driven by $15 million of earlier than anticipated wholesale shipments in the UGG brand, delivering spring summer product into the marketplace ahead of schedule and $5 million in our performance driven by domestic e-commerce sales for the UGG brand. Gross margin was 51.6%, up 360 basis points over last year. The gain in gross margin was due to continued improvement from our supply chain effort, better full price selling as we exited the prior quarter with very low levels of seasonal inventory in the marketplace and higher margins attained on close out sales as the channel is more tightly managed. These gains were partially offset by channel changes in the quarter largely due to timing of e-commerce revenue recognition with those sales recorded in Q3 and the negative impact of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation. Non-GAAP SG&A expense was $170 million for the quarter, down from $173 million last year with the reduction primarily being driven by reduced retail store expense as compared to prior year quarter. Non-GAAP EPS came in at $0.85 compared to our guidance range of flat to $0.10 and versus last year of $0.50. The $0.75 peak to the high end of our guidance resulted from approximately $0.25 from better than expected margins, $0.20 due to the early shipment of spring wholesale order, $0.20 from additional expense savings in the quarter, primarily related to retail loss [ph] and unbilled headcount vacancies and $0.10 from higher than expected sales driven by domestic e-commerce in the UGG brand. Now to sum up our fiscal 2019. Revenue was $2.02 billion, representing over a 6% increase for a second year in a row. The HOKA brand contributed to the bulk of the year-over-year increase, up $70 million, with UGG and Koolaburra both contributing an incremental $26 million over the prior year. Gross margin was 51.5%, up 250 basis points over last year. The gain in gross margin was driven by favorable marketplace conditions in the third quarter contributing to our ability to achieve high full-price sell-through of product with minimal discounting and promotional activity, reduced usage of airfreight in the second quarter due to the ability to take advantage of the in-season opportunity to use less expensive freight options for the delivery of certain inventory shipments and the continued benefit of our supply chain initiatives which again positively contributed to our gross margin gains in the year. As I mentioned on our last call, we estimate that approximately 100 basis points to 150 basis points of this upside is due to favorable conditions within the year that we were able to capitalize on and we will not plan for these same conditions to repeat next year. However, if variables outside of our immediate control present opportunity within the year, we believe that we are well poised to capture incremental profit as we diligently manage our operation. I will provide a full picture of gross margin guidance for the next fiscal year in a moment. Non-GAAP SG&A expense for the year was $713 million, up from $695 million last year. As a percentage of revenue, SG&A improved $120 basis points to 35.3% from 36.5% last year. Non-GAAP operating income increased 38% to $327 million from $236 million last year, while operating margin increased 380 basis points to 16.2%. As Dave mentioned earlier in the call, we have successfully added over $100 million of operating profit as compared to levels in fiscal 2017, when we set out to execute on our operating profit improvement plan. I am confident that as we move into the next phase of our strategic goals, we will be able to maintain healthy levels of profitability, while strategically investing in our key initiatives designed to accelerate topline growth. Both GAAP and non-GAAP earnings per share came in at $8.84 compared to our guidance range of $7.85 to $7.95 versus year ago $5.74. The upside to expectation was largely a result of the performance in fourth quarter as I just walked through, in addition to some differences in tax rate and share count when looking at results on a quarterly basis versus the full year basis. Now turning on to our balance sheet. We ended fiscal 2019 with $590 million in cash compared to $430 million last year. Our cash balance is net of share repurchase in the fiscal year, which totaled $161 million. Inventories were down 7% at $279 million, as compared to $300 million last year. We had no short-term debt outstanding under our credit line and on a pro-forma basis our calculated return on a invested capital improved to over 20%. We did not repurchase any stock during the fourth quarter and $350 million of our stock repurchase authorization remains available as of March 31, 2019. Switching gears to our global backlog inclusive of bulk orders, the total as of March 31 was $978 million, which represent a year-over-year increase of about 14%. As a note, last year’s backlog was missing significant orders from several major accounts, due to later order placement last year. If backlog were adjusted to account for the shift in order activity, the year-over-year increase would be more in line with our guided revenue expectation. As a reminder, our backlog at March 31st only includes orders from wholesalers and distributors for delivery in April through December and represents less than half of our total revenue for the year. The figure does not include our company B2C sale, all of the fourth quarter or any future orders that we may book such as at once orders or closed out. Finally, moving to our outlook for fiscal year 2020. As we move forward with our strategic priorities, we intend to fuel topline growth to plan investment in the categories of opportunity that we have previously outlined. As we have delivered cost savings ahead of schedule, we still intend to reinvest a portion of these savings into the business to create a strong set up for our brands now and in the future. We will target to maintain top tier level operating margins as compared to our peer group competitively delivering growth in line with levels of profitability that we have created. For the fiscal year 2020, we expect revenue to be in the range of $2.095 billion to $2.12 billion, which represents year-over-year growth of 4% to 5%. Gross margins to be in the range of 50% to 50.5%. This is 100 basis points to 150 basis points lower than fiscal year 2019, which is aligned with the expectations laid out on our prior earnings call. The headwinds we expect to experience in fiscal year 2020 include, currency headwinds of 40 basis point, additional freight expense of 20 basis points and normalized conditions during our peak season resulting in more promotional environment impacting margins up to approximately 90 basis points. As we reinvest in our growth drivers within our brand portfolio, we expect SG&A to be at or slightly better than 36% of sales, all resulting in an expected operating margin in the range of 14.2% to 14.5%. We are also projecting an effective tax rate of approximately 21%, which represents an increase over fiscal year 2019 due to one-time benefits received in the year. Therefore, we are projecting diluted earnings per share between $8.20 to $8.40. In addition, we expect capital expenditures to be between $35 million and $40 million. Our fiscal 2020 guidance excludes any charges that may be considered one-time in nature and does not include the impact of additional share repurchases. Now with our lower projected operating margin for fiscal year 2020, I think it is important to acknowledge how the range of 14.2% to 14.5% compares to the results delivered in fiscal year 2019 at 16.2%. Within our gross margin guidance, we are planning for a normalized condition including, using air freight and peak season promotional activity, which will unwind approximately 100 basis points to 150 basis point. As foreign currency exchange rates have fluctuated as compared to levels a year ago, we estimate that we will face a headwind this year of approximately 40 basis points, with the remaining difference due to planned investment in marketing and technology designed to improve our connection with consumers. These investments represent roughly 10 basis points to 30 basis points of operating margin and we will control the related levers of variable spend in order to tightly manage our overall profitability. As a reminder, our prior strategic long-term target for fiscal 2020 operating margin was 13% and the current anticipated 14.2% to 14.5% is well beyond this earlier goal. To provide some additional details on our fiscal year 2020 revenue expectation by brand, the following applies. UGG is expected to be up low single digit as growth in domestic, wholesale and e-commerce is being offset by the previously discussed order timing shift out of Q1 fiscal year ‘20 and into quarter four fiscal year ‘19. The allocation and segmentation strategy we have for this year for Europe continued net retail store closures and again FX headwinds as the result of declining exchange rate. Koolaburra is expected to deliver mid-40%s to upper-50%s growth, resulting from continued domestic wholesale expansion in the family value chain, HOKA growing in the mid-20% range fueled by both the U.S. and international expansion, Teva, roughly flat revenue largely due to growth in wholesale domestically and in Asia-Pacific that’s offset by a decline in our EMEA whole channel with the shift from wholesale through distributor. Sanuk flat to last year as the brand continues to drive ASPs in a higher proportion of full-price sales in an effort to better to control the North America marketplace. Our DTC comp is expected to be flat to growing positive low single-digit in light of continuing challenging traffic environment in retail, as well as an assumption of a more normalized weather season. Additionally, we expect in-season wholesale cancellations to be in line with reorders. Now for the first quarter of fiscal 2020, we expect revenue to be in the range of $250 million to $260 million and non-GAAP diluted loss per share of approximately a loss of $1.25 to a loss of $1.15 compared to a loss a year ago of $0.98. The drivers of the year-over-year variance in EPS include the impact of the shift of the $15 million in revenue mentioned earlier moving out of quarter one fiscal year ‘20 and into quarter four of fiscal year ‘19. Adjusting for this shift, earnings per share would be roughly flat to last year, as well as timing of SG&A spent within the year. As a note, we are aware of and continue to monitor tariff decisions and work closely with our supply chain operations to identify risk mitigation strategy. This includes the potential to adjust shipment timing, which could have abnormal effects on the timing of inventory level. As mentioned on previous calls, we have been actively shifting production outside of China in less than 20% of our global total would be subject to tariff. We recently joined over 170 other companies in indorsing a memo urging the President to exclude footwear from the next tranche of Teva. Our teams will continue to track, update and will make decisions bearing in mind the best interests of all of our stakeholders. With that, I will now hand the call back to Dave to provide more details on our strategic outlook and priorities for the upcoming year.
Dave Powers: As Steve mentioned, the upcoming fiscal year is about positioning our brand to drive elevated levels of topline growth in future period, while maintaining top tier levels of profitability. Our strategies are working. We have delivered our long-term targets a year early and the organization will remain focused on investing in our strategic growth driver. This includes, building awareness of the HOKA ONE ONE brand, growing UGG Men’s and UGG Women’s noncore categories, enhancing e-commerce capabilities to evolve how we engage with our consumers, as well as investing in analytics and technology that will allow us to maximize the above opportunity. We will deliver strategic growth in these areas by investing in demand creation and leveraging the right marketing tactic at optimized levels. Deckers is adding new capabilities that will amplify personalization within consumer touch point, allowing our brands to build stronger relationships with both new and existing audiences, resulting in an even greater affinity for our brand. We have also added competencies that will enhance our ability to measure marketing effectiveness, ultimately empowering our teams to easily shift investment to improve both short and long-term return. As we look out into fiscal ‘20, investments in innovation are critical to enable our organization to deliver higher topline growth in the future. I am excited to share more with the progress we are making with innovation later in the year. With our fiscal 2020 guidance including operating margins of 14.2% to 14.5%, Deckers remains at top tier levels of profitability among our peer group, even with the strategic and reinvestment and is dedicated to maintaining this data as we drive healthy revenue growth. As I reflect on our success in fiscal 2019, I am proud of our financial performance and equally proud of the work our teams have done to operate our business in a sustainably minded way. We have made great progress in advancing our sustainable development goals. In particular, we are investing in the communities in which we operate globally, promoting diversity and inclusion across our organization and working to preserve the environment for future generations. With continued organizational success, we have the ability to be leaders in this space by advancing sustainable business practices to deliver value both financial and environmental to all stakeholders. This has been an exceptional year and I’d like to thank all of our employees, customers, shareholders, Board of Directors and their families for their support and helping us drive to these levels of performance well ahead of our original plan. I believe our results demonstrate the strength of the foundation we have built, our commitment to making improvements in the business and delivering value to all of our stakeholders. I am incredibly proud of our accomplishments and look forward to continue success in the years ahead. With that, I will turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity. Please go ahead.
Camilo Lyon: Thank you. Hi, guys. Great job on a great year.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Camilo.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Camilo.
Camilo Lyon: You guys have done a great job with the UGG allocation strategy at wholesale, as well as the segmentation strategy. At the same time you have been very upfront about the benefits that you received from a long and cold winter. So as you think and delve deeper into the outlook that you have provide -- can you just help us understand perhaps by brand and particularly the UGG brand, how that all fit into this 4% to 5% topline growth figure? In other words, we are thinking about UGG and the further steps you will take with the allocation strategy. If we have a seasonally warmer winter, how protected are you from that potential relative to the guidance laid out?
Dave Powers: Yeah. It’s a good question, Camilo. I will try to answer as many of those details as I can. I think, what we have learned over the last couple of years is planning for what we would be in kind of a normalized winter and retail environment has served us well and we are going to continue on that strategy. That being said, if things are more favorable, we have the inventory in the right places to be able to capture that and then we also have some protection and the downside if we need to be a little bit more promotional. I think what you have seen in the guidance from an UGG perspective and in the margin where we put in roughly 100 basis points or 450 basis points decline versus last year, some of that is mitigating in case there is less unfavorable weather conditions. At the same time, the managed growth in North America will be continuing. It’s a healthy environment. It’s very healthy from an inventory standpoint and margins with healthy sell-throughs at wholesale and then our own DTC channels. At the same time we have work to do internationally and so what you are seeing us do for the U.K. market in particular is employ the same strategy that work in North America over the last couple of years, which is a really tightly controlled segmentation and allocation strategy to make sure that we are maintaining a healthy positioning in the market. The inventories are clean and we are segmenting the right product at the right level in each of the accounts in that market, and at the same time, investing in some additional marketing to improve brand health in that region. So, it’s a balance going into this year. The UGG brand is in great standing in North America with little bit work to do in the European market. But overall, we think this is a healthy projection looking into the end of the year with growth in the right categories, which are non-core women’s footwear and men’s, and we think that if there is a better than planned winter with regards to weather in the holiday season that will be well-positioned to capture that upside.
Camilo Lyon: Yeah.
Dave Powers: Speaking to the other brands real quick, we are super excited about the opportunity that we have developed within the Koolaburra brand. Had an exceptional year last year just over the $40 million mark with high full price sales through and healthy margins and a profitable business for us. Retails we are very pleased and the order book as we saw or just heard for this fall is very healthy for that brand and we see it as an incremental sales to the UGG brand and new in distant channels from our distributor UGG. And obviously the growth, the exceptional result for HOKA. We see that continuing, but that’s in a very strategic and controlled manner built for the long-term health of the brand and really driving growth through the existing distribution both internationally and U.S., and then continuing to drive business and data capture to our e-commerce site.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I think just to add on to that and kind of what you are alluding to Camilo. Is there upside and I think as Dave said, there is probably a little bit upside related to weather related to UGG, right? Because that’s where we are going to kind of see potential upside. With the segmentation and allocation strategy that we have been implementing in North America, as well as now Europe, that’s going to be somewhat limited in terms of what further upside there may be, because that’s a controlled strategy in terms of how we want to go. So I wouldn’t -- if weather conditions are similar to what we experienced in FY19, absolutely there’s upside from a revenue perspective and from a margin perspective. But as I said in the prepared remarks, we are not going to play into that. So always a little bit upside. But I’d say, as we have gotten more dialed in with our strategy and allocation and segmentation, not a lot, I would say, in terms of related to UGG. Pretty well as indicated by our backlog, we are booked for the season. So there is some kind of further upside. But to bring additional product well above that would be challenging. So, overall, a little bit but don’t go too crazy in terms of what you think that further upside could be.
Camilo Lyon: Okay. Thank you for that detail. It’s great. So it sounds like on the weather related UGG product, you are planning for that business to be both conservative and promotionally driven?
Steve Fasching: Correct. There is a more promotional component factored in and that’s part of the gross margin take-back.
Camilo Lyon: Got it. And then, if you can just step back, you have talked about hitting your margin target a year early, the continued supply chain benefits. You are now stepping up your SG&A component and invest behind some of these opportunities that you have called out. Where do you think your margins can settle out at if you did a 16% this year, but you are looking to do kind of below 14%. What’s the right level of operating margin that can deliver on a more consistent basis?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. It’s a good question. It’s one that we have talked a lot about. And I think, the way we have looked at it, part of delivering our plan a year ahead of schedule. We always had the investment in FY20 and that’s why we were able to bring through some of that additional profit. So as we were able to capture those savings and improvements in our business a year early, that’s why you are seeing that flow through really and the 16% operating margin. As we look going forward, we also recognize that we are delivering top tier performance among our peer group and to be competitive, we know we have to make these investments. So to sustainably drive topline growth, it’s important for us to put those investment dollars in, as Dave talked about, in marketing, in IT, in innovation to drive some of the product development that’s going to help us propel topline growth. So, as we look at it, what we are guiding and some of the factors, that 14.2% to 14.5% is a good number we believe for FY20. There might be a little bit of upside and that’s kind of how we are looking at the business. So part of this and over delivery is all related to the strategy and the timing of when we were going to make those investments. And so being able to capture that early in FY19 is what really drove us above what we would normally expect. Now as we get into kind of the strategy of investments, that’s why you are seeing that setback.
Dave Powers: Yeah. And I’d just add on to what Steve said. I do believe now is the right time to start investing. As you know, the last two years, three years, we have been working on infrastructure and efficiencies and operationalizing the business, improving SG&A as a percentage of total sales. In the meantime, we have been strengthening the brands and controlling our marketplace. And we believe based off the strength of new categories in UGG, the emergence of the men’s business and the strength of HOKA and the success we are seeing in digital marketing. Now, it’s the time to really start investing and so we want to make sure that we are feeling future growth for the out years. Now we continue this top tier performance both from an operating perspective, but also start returning to higher levels of growth and revenue.
Camilo Lyon: Great. And if I could just sneak in the last one. So Dave last quarter, you alluded to given you are a point of committing build longer term mid single-digit growth algorithm on the topline, four to five this year. Are you ready to say that that’s where you actually put a kind of longer term one-year to three-year topline objective out there?
Dave Powers: Yeah. I think we delivered 6% the last two years in a row, which is better than we guided to and expected to do or plan to do, 45% this year as you heard, as we just walk you through make sense. I think mid single-digit to low -- high single-digit growth over the next three years is what we are aiming for and that’s why you are seeing the investment in the business this year.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I think one thing to note to Camilo is, as we look at the business, and I think, it’s important to call out that $15 million that we talked about where we shipped in Q4 versus Q1, really is up FY20 business. And so, if you were to equalize the two years, we would be showing more growth in FY20. So you would be removing that from the FY19 number and putting that $15 million in FY20. And what you would see is a shift and you would see growth in ‘20 over the growth that we showed in ‘19. So it gets a little skewed because of that early shipment. But what we are showing is growth year-on-year-on-year
Camilo Lyon: Fantastic. Good job, guys. Good luck.
Dave Powers: Okay. Thanks.
Steve Fasching: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Jonathan Komp with Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Yeah. Hi. Thank you. Maybe just to follow-up with some of the discussions there, but maybe just a bigger picture question on the gross margin, I know you had a very strong year in the low 50s. Historically, when you look, your good year was closer to 50% and then a normal or even unfavorable year was more in the mid-40%s. So could you maybe just step back and kind of highlight a couple of the factors that you think are sustainable in terms of why 50% plus and maybe building that at the right level going forward?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. So I think when you look at the 51.5% that we delivered and FY19 and as we talked about, our ability to get to that level was really driven by a lot of the improvements that we have made in planning, supply chain efficiencies, the work that we have really been talking about really for the last two years. The additional components, the kind of the lift from what we are guiding FY22 -- to FY19, we will call kind of a better selling environment, cleaner channel inventory and the non-use of freight in FY19. So that kind of 100 basis points and 150 basis points setback we are seeing in FY20, are really those components that we do not expect to repeat themselves. They could, and if they do, we benefit from them, but from a more normalized, what we would say kind of operating mode. We think that 50%, 50.5% range is kind of the right range, which incorporates all the improvements that we have made and using some freight as we identify our products and try to bring them into market earlier. So we think there may be a slightly larger freight component and that’s part of also the set back. I think what’s also embedded and not clearly apparent in the guide is that, we have a currency fluctuation, which is a headwind in FY20 and we are largely overcoming that with kind of some continued improvement plans that we have for FY20. So we think that $50 million to $50.5 million in a normal operating year is kind of the right level based on all the work that we are doing in the last couple of years.
Dave Powers: Yeah. And I would also add onto that because you referenced prior years of low end $45 million and best-in-class kind of $50 million range. Also keep in mind that we have been working hard to balance and diversify the business. So if you think about the UGG business today, it’s much more balanced business with growth in new categories. In men’s we are less reliant on just one item and one category of classics. Although, that’s still important and we still have the improvements that you have seen over the last couple of years. But in the business mix which is becoming more important is HOKA, which has healthy margins. And over the coming years the growth in e-commerce is going to be a benefit to margin as well. So I think all those things considered as Steve just mentioned and the way we balance the business, the team has done a great job there, I think this is the right level.
Jonathan Komp: Okay. Great. That’s certainly helpful. Maybe one separate question then, a little bit more just put in perspective on the environment, certainly looks like seasonal fall, winter good, sold there well this year so far, channel inventories are clean, which you mentioned and that’s supporting the orders for next year. I want to ask, I mean, certainly, there’s other pockets of softness that others are reporting such in some of the department store chains. And I am just wondering is there any point where you see risk that softness in other parts of the business getting later end of the year with potentially risked some of the momentum you are seeing in your own categories or just any broader perspective on that dynamic?
Dave Powers: Yeah. I have seen some of the recent reports of kind of wholesale department store challenges. I think, our performance in those channels over the last two quarters has been very strong. The inventories are clean. The sell-throughs have been very healthy. The order book going into the back half of the year is good as well. And I think we are well-positioned to be successful in those channels, but despite some macro challenges they may have. We are certainly not immune to those, but I think the strength of our brands particularly our UGG brand in the back half of the year bodes well for the success of that business. There’s obviously an athletic trend going on out there and we are starting to gain some momentum in sneakers and carriers of that sort. But the innovation of the UGG brand through slippers and hybrid slippers and winter boots has been very strong as well. So, while that athletic trend is going on, we are having success in our own way and different you need categories and capitalizing on that. I think we still have challenges in Europe. I think that’s one thing we are working through and hence, the conservative nature of the guide from a European perspective and cleaning up that marketplace. If I was to say, there’s a risk somewhere that we see in the business for the back half of the earth is the potential there to continue to be soft, particularly with some of the macro level environmental things that are going on in that region. Does that make sense?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I think just one other thing Jon, and I think, Dave, what he just said was kind of spot on. I think there one there’s always risk, right? You are never quite certain to what may happen with retail or other factors that may influence it. But I think one thing and it’s really demonstrated by our results coming out of this year is how well our brands have performed with retailers.
Dave Powers: Yeah.
Steve Fasching: And I think that speaks to the strength of our brands in what we are doing. I think with our strong backlog, it’s showing a commitment on the part of our sale partners and their commitment to our brands that we are resonating with consumers and our products are selling through well and that’s further demonstrated really by the clean inventory.
Jonathan Komp: It’s all very encouraging to hear. Best of luck.
Dave Powers: Okay. Thanks, Jon.
Steve Fasching: Thanks.
Jonathan Komp: Thanks, gentlemen.
Operator: The next question comes from Sam Poser with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser: Thank you for taking my question. I have a few. First of all, your Teva business, you are getting a lot of press there. So can you give us some idea given the switch of Teva over to the -- to a distributor model, what sort of -- what the wholesale equivalent sales would look like both in the fourth quarter results and in the full year guidance?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. In terms of switching, we have -- we didn’t give that number out, it’s probably about I would say kind of $5-ish million.
Dave Powers: $5 million.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. it’s -- so it’s important I would say to the brand and they are overcoming that with what we are providing in our guidance. And so that’s why kind of again on the surface what might not look like significant growth. The brand is still growing because they are overcoming really that switch.
Dave Powers: Just in Europe?
Steve Fasching: Yeah.
Dave Powers: And you will see positive improvements from a unit perspective as a result of that, but obviously, the revenue hit is being overcome.
Sam Poser: Thank you. And then, secondly, two things to focus, number one, could you talk about other collaborations that you are working on all success are not or -- what you had recently? And then also, as a the business grows, I mean, sort of what are the step ups as far as getting more scale to even potentially take more this time?
Dave Powers: Yeah. I think some of the collaborations that you have seen, Engineered Garments and a few others, those have been successful at creating energy and excitement for the brand with a broader consumer base. And I think it’s important to keep in mind that, brands are seeking out HOKA, because they want to work with HOKA, because of its performance, provisioning and the authenticity in the running space. They will continue to do that in a very strategic and selective way. We are not looking to use collaborations as a huge revenue driver. I think that the brand is not in that situation right now. We still want to stay remain true to this core running, community and performance based authenticity of the brand. So we will use those and we will continue to do those at the high end of the distribution chain and using key partners to bring some of that product from a Lifestyle perspective to the marketplace, but the real focus remains on the Performance categories and continue expand that. Right now with your question on growth, we are seeing tremendous success with the current distribution strategy. We think that’s right and continuing that for the short-term at least through the next couple of years and really driving improvements in their e-commerce where we can continue to cultivate the life time value of that consumer. So we know there’s bigger opportunities out there in the big box and broader distribution. We are keeping an eye on that. But we think the right thing right now is to grow this brand strategically in a healthy way with high margins and high sell-through and create some demand and desire for the consumer versus blowing us out to a broader distribution at this time.
Sam Poser: So that wasn’t my question. My question really was from a production capacity. You had a big growth, 40%, I think, at 25%-ish growth next year. And it sounds like -- so what point do you hit a scale of production of number of shoes in the market where you are -- where you can do even better on price. I was more talking about from a sourcing perspective like that. I mean, do you have step up as far as number of players in the market that you would then get better pricing on as the brand grows?
Dave Powers: Yeah. We have been working with the same partners over the last few years, strategically with a couple partners that can handle the complexity of the product and the improving innovation of the product over time and that relationship has been great and they have the ability to scale up as our business grows. They are seeing the potential of the HOKA brand. They are excited about it. They are willing to invest in additional sourcing of production facilities to do that and that’s one of the benefits of a strong platform at Deckers that we have great partners who see our potential and are willing to invest and grow with us over time. So that hasn’t surfaced as a concern from our supply chain teams and the brand, and I think, we are well-positioned to sustain this level of growth from a sourcing perspective.
Sam Poser: And then last two. Europe and Asia, how long will they take to sort of get on the platform, the brand platform that the U.S. is on, you talked about working on the UK? And then, secondly…
Dave Powers: Yeah.
Sam Poser: …how much demand within your guidance, like, I mean, how much demand do you think you left on the table last year and sort of how much within your guidance you perceive you are leaving -- you will leave on the table with UGG, I guess, in the U.S. more than outside U.S. this year?
Dave Powers: Yeah. I think, this year we just came off a healthy set of meetings last week with the international teams and talking about the game plans for international business. Europe and China are very different markets. One is the mono-brand market and one is obviously a complex wholesale market. So they require different strategies. But both of those will receive attention this year. I think that you will see -- start to see a turnaround in the business coming out of this year and going into FY21 returning back to growth in healthy way?
Sam Poser: Thank you very much and continued success.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Sam.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Sam.
Operator: The next question comes from Rafe Jadrosich with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Rafe Jadrosich: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question.
Dave Powers: Sure.
Rafe Jadrosich: I just wanted to follow-up a little bit on Europe, can you talk about what are the changes you are making in the segmentation strategy will be similar to the U.S.? You have a lot of distribution that you need to close and then what would be the revenue impact for this year?
Dave Powers: Yeah. It’s very much similar to what we did in the U.S. and we have been cultivating a little bit of some of the new distribution in the U.K. particularly following what we did with accounts like Foot Locker and Foot Action and in Urban Outfitters in North America. So we started some of that last year. I think the best way to think about it is, it requires a pull back of inventory in the marketplace that requires a repositioning of the classic -- core classic business in that marketplace through marketing PR in advance to highlight in a new way for that consumer and then segment product by accounts similar to what we did in North America. So we have an existing distribution network there that works very well for us, making sure that they are differentiated from some of the new accounts we are bringing on that are focused on a younger more sports style consumer and then augmenting that with the appropriate marketing in both those channels. In all honesty, we pull back on marketing a little bit last year in order to make sure that we are driving profitability in the right areas. Part of the reinvestment in marketing this year is focused on the U.K. marketplace in particular to bring back heat and energy to that business and then to take control distribution with the segment and offering is the formula that we are employing and has worked well in North America.
Rafe Jadrosich: Thank you. And then in terms of HOKA, can you talk about the international opportunity and maybe what’s the mix of domestic versus international today and how do you see that changing?
Dave Powers: Yeah. I think as you saw, we grew 59% international last year in HOKA. It continues to be incredible upside in that market. There’s strength and momentum in the European market. We have healthy distribution there. The brand is in a premium positioning and selling through well and as we expand into new categories you are going to see continued growth in Europe. China is early, early days. We don’t have awareness there yet. We don’t have a direct business. We really established to go after that market in a healthy way yet. So that’s down the road. But we are seeing real strong success year-to-date or so far in Japan where the brand is very positioned very well and as you know seen as a really desirable performance running brand in that marketplace. So, I think, the mix, I will let Steve to speak the exact mix or what that business looks like today. But we do see international being a significant driver of growth going forward, inclusive of e-commerce in those markets as well.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I mean, roughly on the mix, it’s about two-thirds kind of domestic, one-third international at this point, with both areas still growing…
Dave Powers: Still growing.
Steve Fasching: …internationally.
Dave Powers: Yeah.
Rafe Jadrosich: Okay. Thank you. And just the last question for me, you have been pretty aggressive buying your own stock the last couple of years. What’s sort of the strategy for share repurchase going forward and I know it’s not baked into your guidance or anything, but how should we think about it.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. So we don’t include any share repurchase in our agreement. As you know, we have recently expanded it in January to $350 million. We still view share repurchase as a great way to drive value back to our shareholders. We have been more aggressive as of late, really over the last two years. We think the $350 million gives us further opportunity. We don’t comment specifically on when to repurchase, but again see it as a great way.
Rafe Jadrosich: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yeah.
Operator: The next question comes from Tom Nikic with Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Tom Nikic: Hey, everybody. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to ask about the DTC channel. I know you are guiding to flat to slightly positive comps, but how should we think about store closures and any quantification around loss revenue related to the store closures would be tremendously helpful? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yeah. That is embedded in the guidance a little bit of loss revenue as a result of store closures. There will be net-net more closures than openings in FY20 and we are having great e-commerce strength which is offset by a softness in retail stores. So you are seeing that in the guidance for DTC. We are continuing to optimize the retail fleet, getting to the right level of stores that we think is best for the brand and the business overall to cover that that touch point for the consumer. Retail will remain an important part of our strategy going forward, particularly as word showcasing additional categories in a global scale. So we are still in the optimization mode of the retail fleet. But I think we are making great progress, I know we are making great progress. What we need to focus now on going forward is improving the experience in the store, driving traffic and leveraging that to help drive the e-commerce business over time.
Tom Nikic: Got it. And then, just one quick follow-up on the investments this year, which should drive, I guess, SG&A growth is a little bit higher than what we have seen in the last few years. Could you just remind us of what some of the big areas of investment are, I would imagine some of it is demand creation for HOKA and just various other initiatives? But just sort of a high level overview of what the investments are going towards would be great? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yeah. Happy to do that. So the biggest investment this year is around marketing. It’s a combination of really three things. One, is UGG to drive interest in growth in emerging categories, as well as I mentioned earlier, a little bit in the U.K. to reboot that market. HOKA is another beneficiary of invested dollars in marketing this year. We are seeing great return on ad spend in the HOKA brand, as well as creating awareness and buzz at a high level at the top of the funnel. We are going to continue to invest in that business, because we believe there’s potential -- tremendous potential upside for the brand and it’s all about getting shoes on feet, because we have learned that once you get a shoe the HOKA brand on someone they become consumers for a long time and then we can really build on that. So it’s a global approach for both of those brands are really driving awareness of new categories in HOKA for a long-term growth. In addition to that we are really focused on enhancing our digital marketing capabilities. We are adding some new capabilities this year around personalization for our consumers and our websites and social media. And then just better data and analytics capabilities from an IT perspective to be able to use some of those real time insights so we can make quicker more nimble decisions on marketing and product to market. So it’s a combination of those three areas from marketing and IT perspective, and then also investing on innovation across all of our brands. I think you saw the success of one of our most innovative products recently with just the Carbon X, a great example of how the innovation is working within the brands and feeling excitement and upside potential for all of our brands. We are continuing to invest in that area of the business as well.
Tom Nikic: All right. Sounds good. Best of luck this year.
Dave Powers: All right. Thank you.
Steve Fasching: Yeah.
Operator: This concludes our question-and-answer session and the conference has now concluded. Thank you for attending today’s presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-01-31 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Third Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. And I now like to turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, Senior Director Investor Relations and Corporate Planning. Please go ahead.
Erinn Kohler: Thank you, everyone for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance including, but not limited to our projected revenue, margins, expenses, earnings per share, cost savings and operating profit improvement as well as statements regarding our strategies for our products and brands. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on information available at the time of such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. With that I'll now turn it over to Dave.
David Powers: Thanks, Erinn and good afternoon, everyone. Today we are excited to share the results of our fiscal third quarter. Our performance was well ahead of the guidance we provided last quarter and demonstrates the progress we continue to make on the strategies we laid out two years ago. We delivered sales of $874 million compared to guidance of $805 million to $825 million and non-GAAP earnings per share was $6.59 versus guidance of $5.10 to $5.25. For the past few quarters, we've been talking about the improvements we're making across the business including bringing compelling product to market, implementing thoughtful and controlled distribution strategy, elevating and segmenting product offerings, growing our non-UGG brand and improving gross margins and operating margins. These exceptional results underscore how well our teams have executed on each of these front. Importantly, the results go beyond just over UGG brand. While the third quarter has traditionally been viewed as an UGG quarter, we achieved impressive growth with our HOKA ONE, ONE and Koolaburra brand. These two brands significantly contributed to the growth of our business and further emphasize the progress the entire Deckers' organization continues to make towards organically growing our brand portfolio. I'm incredibly proud of these accomplishments and very pleased to share our results. Now let's get into some of the details for the quarter. Starting with results produced by the Fashion & Lifestyle group, UGG sales were $761 million in the third quarter, up 3.6% to last year and driving the majority of our upside to guidance. We communicated a strong global marketing campaign for the brand's 40th anniversary alongside a very compelling product line. Overall placing the core product in U.S. wholesale accounts was well received by consumers. And our strategic approach to product allocation and segmentation created high full price sell-through rate. Along with a great selling, as well as further improvement in our supply chain process, inventory levels significantly improved, and we're very pleased with how we exited the quarter. The revenue view in the quarter was largely attributed to accelerated growth in our UGG Men’s business as well as non-core styles in UGG women, better full price selling in domestic wholesale. As we control the distribution of our core classic introduced select new points of distribution, and one with consumers, which led to additional reorders, fewer cancellations and less promotional activity than we anticipated in our guidance. Improved performance in our domestic DTC channel with better-than-anticipated selling in both retail and in commerce, cold weather in October and November aided in creating early demand with strong full price selling and sell-through and some early distribution into Europe, which were originally planned for the fourth quarter. This upside was partially offset by a challenging international environment with lower than anticipated sales in our APAC region, in particularly as we saw weakness in the region within our DTC channel, which fell below expectations for the UGG brand and continued weakness in the European marketplace, which we believe is a result of region-specific factors, including struggles in the UK as Brexit talk continue and recent labor strikes during the quarter. We foresee continued challenges in the economies of these region and we will take this into account as we look towards next year. However, with the early success we've had with controlling the U.S. wholesale marketplace through our allocation and segmentation strategy, we are exploring ways to implement this approach in other global market to improving the selling and heat of the brand internationally. The evolution of our UGG product line is producing growth in key focus areas as planned, specifically UGG Men’s where we experienced significant gain, which styles like the new male which continues to capture market share with the younger consumer and the increasingly popular Tasman Slipper, which more than doubled in volume versus prior year quarter. We're also seeing success of men's boots outside of the brand's core styling. We believe there is a meaningful opportunity to reach a wider array of male consumers with broader wearing occasion as evidenced by performance of style such as the Hannan and the Steeton. At the same time, several new women styles also continued to gain traction with high demand for the Fluff Yeah Slide and the Neutra sneaker. Again, complementing our strong lineup of product during this year's fall season, we successfully executed our domestic wholesale core classic allocation and segmentation strategy. This resulted in an intentional shift a dynamic within the brand's revenue in the quarter. Specifically the mix of product sales for the brand in the quarter resulted in men's increasing its penetration of brand sales rising to 15%, total women's classics moderating to about 48% with core classic units built into the marketplace below last year's levels. Women's non-classic increasing as percent of total brand sales driven by a success in new styles including significant growth in the women shoe category, which nearly doubled in volume versus the prior year. This shift in the UGG brand's revenue composition demonstrates that we're continuing to make progress and becoming less reliant on core classic styles allowing us to showcase the breadth of what the brand can offer with success. Coming off another strong holiday season, we plan to fuel the UGG brand momentum with new product collaborations, increase social media presence and celebrity influencer. According to the NPD Group's retail tracking service, UGG was the number one woman's U.S. fashion footwear brand in the three months ending December 31 up 11% from last year and commanding 8% of the market. Additionally in the same time period, UGG was number 6 men's U.S. fashion footwear brand up 18% from year ago level. Performance in the UGG brand was also aided by favorable weather condition in particular in the U.S. with weather turning cold early in the season. These external variables started incremental opportunity allowing us to sell product early in the quarter with high sell-through rates at full price experienced in wholesale accounts as well as in our own DTC channel. These conditions improved reorders and minimize in season cancellation resulting in less promotional activity than in past years, reducing the amount of inventory being sold through closeout avenues. With the combined impact of these items significantly lifting both our top-line results and profitability. Koolaburra also made impressive strides in the quarter performing above expectations and gaining significant market share in the family value channel. We saw success with the brand in existing accounts as well as new wholesale partners for the season with strong consumer demand and sell-through. We are actively building the positioning of the brand in the marketplace for next year and we're managing strategic placement with a clear vision of the brand's positioning.  Now turning to the Performance Lifestyle Group. Within our Performance Lifestyle group, the HOKA ONE, ONE brand generated standout result and made significant gains versus the prior year growing nearly 80% in the quarter. While the third quarter has not traditionally been the largest quarter for the brand, HOKA exceeded expectations and delivered its biggest revenue quarter ever with $57 million in sales for the period. This upside is flowing through to our updated full year projection putting the brand at an estimated $220 million for the full year fiscal 2019 representing over 40% growth versus fiscal year 2018. Not only did the brands surpassed revenue expectations in the period, but it did so at a very profitable rate with gross margins coming in at above prior forecast. This was mainly driven by strong full price selling at volumes above prior guidance. The Clifton and Bondi franchises continue to sell well and run specialty channel with the brand once again increased market share retaining the attention of the loyal runner as well as attracting the attention of new consumers. Product highlights aside from some of the larger volume core styles include the Gaviota which has experienced fast growth in particular gaining strength in popularity with our female consumer focused on stability running and offering premium, support, rebound and durability. Continued growth with the popular Speedgoat trail running shoe and the Arahi known for providing dynamic stability while staying true to the brands offering of maximum cushion with minimal weight. Looking ahead, we are excited about the launch of new offerings and the brand Sky collection which we're confident will show that HOKA can be relevant in the hiking category. Along with the continued strength of its core specialty product, the brand has strong momentum to close out another successful year. Now moving to the performance of our DTC channel. Our global DTC business delivered $392 million of revenue in the quarter representing an increase of 2.6% versus the prior year with DTC comps up 1.4%. We experienced a strong start to the season mainly in the U.S. with strong full price selling and the minimal promotion throughout the holiday season. Additionally, we saw meaningful growth with our non-UGG brand specifically HOKA and Koolaburra. We captured the audience of new consumers in our e-Commerce channel as we continue to target younger consumer by offering new ways connect with our brands, and purchase through their online experience. According to YouGov, UGG brand impression among 18 to 34-year old woman reached an all-time high in Q3. In the calendar year, 1.9 million new consumers made purchases directly through our DTC channel across all of our brands for the first time. Overall with these results being well above our prior guidance, I'm excited to see the business achieving some of our long-term goals well ahead of schedule. We recognized that certain favorable dynamics that played a part in this past quarter's outcome may not always be attainable in future years. Nevertheless, I'm proud of the teams Q3 fiscal 2019 execution as we were able to attack our seasonal strategies and capture excess demand in a controlled marketplace. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Steve to provide more details on the financial.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. As you’ve heard our results for the quarter are exceptional, and now I'll take you through them in greater detail and provide an updated outlook for the fourth quarter and our full year fiscal 2019. Please note throughout this discussion where I refer to non-GAAP financial measures, I'm referring to results before taking into account restructuring charges and other amounts that our management believes are not core to our ongoing operating result. Also note our non-GAAP results are not adjusted for constant currency. A reconciliation between our reported GAAP results and the non-GAAP results can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our website under the investors tab. Now to our results for the third quarter. As Dave mentioned, we achieved sales and profitability that was well ahead of our prior guidance, reaching a record third quarter result of $874 million in revenue and $6.59 in non-GAAP earnings per share for the period. Revenue was above our prior high guidance by $49 million, contributing to the revenue view we saw success in our key areas of focus, including non-core classic styles within UGG as well as strengthen our HOKA and Koolaburra brand. Specifically, the incremental revenue volume above guidance was primarily driven by approximately $18 million in UGG domestic wholesale with higher than expected sales in UGG men's and women's non-core styles including women shoes. $15 million from less promotional activity for the UGG brand driving increased full price selling seen in the top line results as well as improved gross margin. $8 million from HOKA as the brand continued to see rapid expansion of market share in the run specialty channel. $2 million from Koolaburra as in-season reorders were strong as well as some early European wholesale and distributor shipments originally planned for the fourth quarter. These highlights have accelerated sales were partially offset by some weakness seen internationally within our DTC channel as the regional economies within Europe and Asia continued to face macro headwind. Revenue compared to last year was higher by $63 million. The increase to last year was driven by UGG up $26 million from approximately $10 million of planned wholesale orders that shifted out of Q4 and into Q3 related to earlier introduction date of product this year. $6 million of earlier European wholesale and distributor orders as compared to a year ago and our expectation for the quarter and due to a change in online revenue recognition this year $12 million that last year was deferred to Q4. HOKA was up $25 million globally and higher domestic sales also contributed from our Koolaburra brand. Gross margins for the quarter was 53.8% also significantly better than expected and up 160 basis points versus last year. The majority of this improved result was driven by a less promotional environment and fewer closeout sales which in turn helped drive higher full price selling. In addition, we also benefited from our supply chain initiatives as we continue to implement improvements on our processes and deliver efficiency. On expenses, our non-GAAP SG&A was $228 million up 3.4% to last year but below implied guidance. The increase to last year was driven by an increase in variable sales expense related to the higher revenue in the quarter as well as the planned increase in marketing spend as compared to last year. And as we continue to deliver on our operating profit improvement plan, we achieved improvement in our SG&A profile. The combined impact of these results drove net income above guidance by $40 million with major contributions coming from $12 million from a less promotional environment than previously anticipated, $8 million from improved gross margins from continued supply chain improvement, $7 million of profit from higher sales driven by strong full price selling increased reorders and fewer cancellation, $3 million from an improved tax rate, $2 million from earlier European shipment and the majority of the balance coming from operating expense efficiencies driven by overhead and back-office support leverage. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $6.59 compared to $4.97 last year and our guidance range of $5.10 to $5.25. The beat two of our high-end guidance was driven by approximately $0.40 due to a less promotional environment $0.25 from additional supply chain improvement and higher margin, $0.25 from incremental sales from higher reorders and fewer cancellations, $0.25 driven by operating expense efficiencies in the quarter, $0.14 from a favorable tax rate and reduced share count and $0.05 from early European wholesale and distributorship. The non-GAAP adjustment in the quarter of $2.4 million in operating expense was primarily due to the net impact of onetime legal credit. For the quarter, our tax rate was 20%. Now on to our balance sheet which continues to remain strong at December 31. Cash and equivalents were $516 million compared to $493 million this time last year. This increase includes using $286 million to repurchase shares over the past 12 months. Inventory was $342 million down 14% compared to last year and short-term borrowings of $600,000 was flat to last year. During the quarter the company repurchased 249,000 shares of our common stock for a total of $27 million. As of December 31, 2018 the company had $89 million remaining under its $400 million share repurchase authorization. In light of our results and the confidence in our strategies to produce strong cash flows over time, the Board of Directors approved an increase of $261 million to the company's stock repurchase authorization as of January 29, 2019. Combined with the previous outstanding amount of $89 million this brings the company's total stock repurchase authorization up to $350 million. Now moving on to our outlook. For the fourth quarter, we expect sales to be in the range of $360 million to $374 million and non-GAAP EPS between breakeven to $0.10. The expected revenue range for the fourth quarter includes year-over-year impact as we previously mentioned related to the planned $10 million of wholesale orders that shifted out of Q4 and into Q3, the $6 million of early European wholesale and distributor orders that shipped in Q3 of this year, and the change in online revenue recognition this year. Hence the expected reduction for the quarter compared to last year. In addition, we have planned for some incremental strategic marketing spend in the fourth quarter and see this as an opportunity to continue to build momentum and drive brand heat that supports our growth initiatives. For fiscal year 2019, we are updating the financial guidance that we provided on the October call. We now expect sales to be in the range of $1.986 billion to $2 billion. Our outlook at the brand level has been updated to include UGG sales are now expected to be roughly flat to last year, HOKA is now expected to be up in mid-40% range, Teva is now expected to be up low-single-digit, and Sanuk is expected to be down mid-single-digit. Turning to the remainder of the P&L. Gross margins are now expected to be above 50.5%, which includes certain one-time benefits achieved this year. SG&A as a percent of sales are now anticipated to be below 36.5%, and operating margins are now expected to be in the range of 14.5% to 14.7%. And we are raising our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which are now expected to be in the range of $7.85 to $7.95 on a share count of approximately $29.9 million. Our guidance for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2019 excludes any potential non-GAAP charges as well as the effect of any future share repurchases. Also we had a tax adjustment in the third quarter which reduces our expected tax rate for the year, and our guidance for fiscal 2019 now assumes an expected tax rate of approximately 20%. Additionally, we do not currently expect any impact to our business from the currently imposed tariffs. But we will continue to monitor tariff decisions and work closely with our supply chain operations to identify risk mitigation strategies should future tariffs begin to impact us. As we have previously mentioned, we have been actively shifting over production outside of China, and we currently have less than a quarter of our production being done there. The full year outlook for fiscal 2019 includes flowing through approximately $1.10 of our earnings per share improvement from the third quarter results driven by $0.40 of an improved promotional environment, $0.25 of higher revenue due to beneficial marketplace management aided in part by favorable weather conditions, $0.25 from additional supply chain improvement and higher margin, $0.14 from the updated tax rate as well as reduced share count, and $0.05 of the operating expense savings achieved in the third quarter. While we're not providing fiscal year 2020 guidance at this point in time, I think it is important to outline several items that should be considered one-time occurrences in fiscal 2019 and will not necessarily be anticipated to repeat in future periods. These items year-to-date include the benefit from high full price selling with reduced promotions and closeouts in our peak selling season significantly driving higher profit margin. Reduced usage of airfreight during the year, which may be needed in future periods and increased profits from higher sales achieved in the fall season from strong reorders and fewer cancellations in part aided by beneficial weather conditions. Therefore, in the normalized year we anticipate that future results may include lower operating margin levels as compared to this year. In addition future margins may also be impacted as we invest in our growth initiatives including UGG men, UGG women's spring and summer and the HOKA brand and supporting them with best-in-class digital marketing capabilities, product innovation and improved speed-to-market. We remained committed to staying on the course and executing on our underlying strategic initiative as we continue to build our brands and grow the business. Before handing the call back to Dave, I'd like to say how pleased I am with the results our team has been able to deliver this year-to-date, while demonstrating disciplined management of our brands and operation. We still have work to do before stepping into the next phase of our long-term plan, but I am confident that we are well-positioned and on track to do so. Again, we will not be providing an updated fiscal year 2020 outlook on this call. But I look forward to providing you with an update on our year end fall in May. With that I'll now turn it back to Dave for his closing remarks. 
David Powers: Thanks, Steve. I think it is important to acknowledge that this quarter marks a significant point and our progression against our long-term target. As we have raised our guidance for the full fiscal year 2019 to include achieving up to $2 billion in revenue with operating margin significantly exceeding the target of 13% as well as fulfilling the commitment to deliver $100 million of operating profit improvement. And we are now on pace to deliver a year ahead of plan. In summary our success for the third quarter was highlighted by a strong product offering rich with brand DNA and relevant to younger consumer base to a new and existing wholesale account, thoughtful and controlled distribution through over UGG core classic allocation and segmentation strategy in the U.S. wholesale marketplace and favorable weather conditions for which we remained appropriately positioned to capture increased in-season – all leading to accelerated revenue growth in UGG non-core styles as well as impressive results in our HOKA and Koolaburra brand much less promotional activity than prior years, driving significant gross margin profitability above expectation and exiting the season with very low inventory in the wholesale channel as well as reduced owned inventory versus prior year. In closing, I would like to congratulate the entire Deckers' organization for executing an incredibly strong third quarter and for their commitment our brand and as we step into the next stage of our evolution. Thank you to all of our stakeholders for their continued support and to employees for their focus and passion for the business. I'm very excited about our results but even more excited for what lies ahead. With that we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first questioner today will be Camilo Lyon with Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Camilo Lyon: Hi. Thanks for taking the question and congrats on a -- the fantastic quarter. Dave, I wanted to get your thoughts on how the conversations have unfolded with your wholesale partners with respect to the resolution [ph] of the assortment and how you started the season with more of the fashion-based products and how they responded and they became the leaders and how you're now trying to reposition the classic business and how that should influence in go forward period?
David Powers: Yeah. Great question. We've been working for quite some time to get our wholesale partners to adopt more of the line beyond just the core classics. Because we believe there's real strength in that assortment, especially now that we’re reaching a younger consumer, and it's just a much healthier sustainable business over time. So I'm super excited about how the allocation strategy worked in core classics. We contained the amount of inventory that was in the channel. We are very thoughtful on which accounts we gave core classics to and what quantities they had. And then we supplemented that with segmented approach of non-classic styling across shoes, slippers, boots, et cetera. And I think what you're seeing in this quarter is the results of that work playing out aided a little bit by some really cold weather to bring traffic and excitement to the brand. But the sell-through rates on core classics and in non-core classics inventory were exceptional. And so the accounts are very pleased with how we've been controlling the brand in the marketplace, how we've been positioning new accounts with segmented product offerings so everybody has something different and unique. And I think that is strategy that played out extremely well for us in Q3, and one that we're looking to employ in the international markets starting in fall 2019. So I guess to answer your question. The feedback from the accounts has been very positive. They all had a good season. As you saw, we had high full price sell-through. We didn't have to discount to drive sales even, though we were in December up against tough comp last year and exited the quarter extremely strong.
Camilo Lyon: That's great. So would it be fair to say that clearly the weather was a benefit to the business, and benefit to all outerwear businesses this holiday season. But if it weren't for this fair time of weather pattern that was assuming with such that it would still would have been an advantages even bigger than that really the learnings and the takeaway from this strategic shift that we should embrace?
David Powers: Yeah. I think I could say the weather early on was a catalyst to kind of spur the excitement in UGG and in the product there. But it wasn’t for the compelling product across the board that we've been working on for quite some time and this is really the first year you’re seeing the full assortment and the segmented approach hit the market with some new distribution. We wouldn't have done as well as we did. And I think if you look at the high-level, like we said on the call in the script, this wasn't just an UGG story this quarter. HOKA did tremendously well. Their best quarter ever, which traditionally Q3 isn't their largest quarter of the year. And I think you're starting to see the impact of HOKA and also Koolaburra and the portfolio approach to this business have a bigger impact, and we all feel great about the fact that we are less reliant on core classics and weather dependent in Q3.
Camilo Lyon: Great. And then just be going to my last question. The last conference call you alluded to getting close to committing to a mid-single-digit sort of long-term revenue growth target. Could you just help us explain what that, the components of that would be clearly to focus on this tremendous growth path. You mentioned future investment, the continued investment in HOKA in the women streamline and men. Maybe you could just contextualize how we should think about those components of the business in context to the core classic business and how we should think about the different growth rates for you to achieve that in the single digits should growth rate. 
David Powers: Yeah. I mean we're not giving obviously long-term guidance at this point, but I still and firmly believe that mid-single digits is achievable in the long-term over the next three to five years. We do have significant growth drivers that we've talked about. First and foremost, we're going to maintain the strength of the core classics business. We don't see that as a major growth driver, but more than just a healthy annual business so we can continue to build on. But UGG men will continue to be a growth driver. New categories outside of core classics in women's and also in spring and summer. HOKA will be significant. And as we said before we see that brand getting to $300 million to $500 million in the next three to five years. I think when you add up all those components you get to mid-single digit growth level that we think is sustainable over the next three to five years. 
Camilo Lyon: Fantastic. Great job on quarter again. Good luck for the year.
David Powers: Thanks, Camilo.
Operator: And our next questioner today will be Jonathan Komp with Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Yeah. Thank you. I wanted to start just following up on UGG and some of the upside. And David, if you could maybe talk a little bit more or give more detail on the shape of the quarter. You alluded to it a little bit but to some more color on how things played out? And then also coming into this year and the start we've had. How things have trended and what that means for current inventory availability and kind of early order trend if you would? 
David Powers: Yes, I think, I covered a lot of it. I think -- one thing is important to note is again we started out strong in October and November. If you remember last year, we had extremely strong December and we plan that business conservatively going into this quarter this year. Fortunately, we started out the gates very strong with some of the new products that were hitting the marketplace as well as some cold weather early in October which proved to be more of a catalyst to getting the business jumpstarted. But again I think it was the strength of the men's offering across the board driven by the new [indiscernible] styles and some of the fashion boots. The Adirondack style in women's was a top seller for us again even though we raised the price. That we still saw double-digit growth in that style alone versus last year. Shoes and sneakers in women's led by the Neutra sneaker and slippers led by the Fluff Yeah franchise. Those are normally not big drivers in the business, but we saw those really kicking in October-November through existing a new wholesale distribution as well as online that created excitement for the brand. And I think had a halo effect on the Classics but I think what the difference is this wasn’t a classics led business this year, I think it was across-the-board strength and we maintained, controlled the marketplace through pricing. So there was very little of any discounting going on. We entered the season very healthy and clean from an inventory perspective. We maintained that through strong full price sell-throughs and tightly manage reorders going into December. And even though December was a little bit challenging, we had enough momentum in the business to finish the quarter strong and made some decisions that actually we decided not to promote or drive closeout sales even though we could have in some cases. And we felt it's better to maintain a healthy positioning in the marketplace, strong full price selling for our consumers in our accounts and then exit the quarter with healthy inventory levels going into the first -- going into Q4 and next year selling. So we played out nicely. And again we've been working on this for a couple of years. As you know the segmentation, allocation and product assortment coupled with new brand positioning. And we're still feeling good about that positioning going forward. As far as Q4 goes -- the weather has been up and down, playing a little bit of -- have an impact in the business. In some cases, we still have some challenges internationally. Some of the ships of deliveries and accounting principles that went into Q3 make this quarter look a little bit lower than we anticipated originally. But still strong, sell-through is still, good handle on the inventory in the marketplace. We’re not doing a lot of closeout, and then being bolstered by the strength of HOKA.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. Jon, this is Steve. Just a kind of add on to what Dave said. I think in terms of how we looked at the quarter for the way it played out, it pretty much played out the way we thought. And then with less promotion we saw some lift in revenue and then we saw some timing impact. So the timing impacts that we picked up in Q3 is really what's impacting Q4. Q4 hasn't changed from the way we look today at it other than we shipped some products earlier in Q3. So exactly kind of what Dave said with an allocation strategy in place, we sold to that, we sold about that in additional categories that give us really the upside kind of in Q3, and Q4 will also take back from last year when you take into account the timing that went into Q3 still pretty much what we planned and then flowing through that early about $1.05 from Q3 for the full year is just in a reflection of how well our setup was for Q3 and the execution on our Q3.
Jonathan Komp: Understood. And maybe just a follow-up on the call outs around the Asia Pacific business, I don't know if you can contextualize what you saw a little bit better there and any more commentary on what actions you might take to kind of address whatever it is you are seeing?
David Powers: Yeah. I think our goal is to always control what we can control. And I think I always look at kind of our international markets in the last couple of years as probably year behind our strategies that we're executing first in North America. So the marketplace management tactics that we just saw play out in Q3 in North America, we'll be rolling those out to the international markets starting in fall 2019. With regards to Asia Pacific and the China business, there is a macro challenges in that marketplace with consumer sentiment. We had some of weather challenges in the marketplace, particularly in southern China. And those are the major factors outside of the brand itself.
Jonathan Komp: Understood, thank you.
Operator: And today's next questioner will be Sam Poser with Susquehanna Financial Group. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser: Thank you for taking my questions. I just wanted to go back into like, how would you weight it. Would you weight the success you had with UGG in the quarter as more weather-related or more of the segmentation brand control weighted?
David Powers: Yeah, it's a great question, and there is no exact number or breakdown to that. But from where we stand, it's more weighted towards the marketplace management of the brand and the focus on brand positioning and product. So certainly, as you know Sam, managing inventory in the channel, the allocation of the Classics is a big component of that in creating demand in the consumer and for the account. And then bolstering that with an exciting product offering that is segmented by consumer and channel on account, I believe the majority of the upside is from that. And we're looking at it as aided by – the success aided by weather but not driven weather.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. And I think the other thing Sam too, talking just about the strategy how HOKA did, I think that further shows kind of how the strategy and the marketplace approach, not only with UGG but HOKA is working to.
Sam Poser: I have two more. Can you give us some idea of the year-over-year DTC versus -- in the total wholesale EBIT -- what -- and I assume that they both were good but probably DTC -- it was a big beat on the wholesale line I would get? 
David Powers: Yes, it's a bigger beat on wholesale right. So we saw stronger wholesale outperformance than we did in DTC. You're right both did perform well. But also DTC was impacted by I think 11 stores closed this year versus last. So on a year-on-year we have headwinds with store closures related to retail. But again strong performance in DTC kind of stronger performance in wholesale so the perform -- it's the proportion of the wholesale beat is bigger than the DTC. 
Steve Fasching: And the other piece to remember on that is in December last year DTC had an exceptional last couple of weeks in the quarter driven by cold weather that came late. We were unable to capitalize on that in wholesale but we were able to capitalize it on -- in DTC. We didn't have that same dynamic this year. And we've made the decision to not be as promotionally DTC this quarter. 
Sam Poser: And then lastly inventory levels. Could you give us the year-over-year percent increase or dollars how we want to do it for UGG and for HOKA just so we can understand sort of where this inventory is?
Steve Fasching: Yes, we don't normally break that out. But I can kind of directionally tell you. So total company was down 14% so ended the quarter at 342 that compared to 396 a year ago. The UGG inventory was down more than the company average. So UGG inventory down more than the 14%. And HOKA as we gear up for spring/summer and we have some new category introductions coming we brought inventory in earlier. That was actually up year-on-year. 
Sam Poser: Okay. Thank you so much. And continue success.
Operator: And our next questioner today will be Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. Please go ahead.
Dana Telsey: As you think about the less promotional environment how did pricing change -- did pricing change on any of the categories and what are you planning for pricing going forward? And did you get gross margin improvement from all brands? 
David Powers: So I'll handle the first one and Steve can handle the second one. We actually been working on pricing for quite some time and particularly in North America to make sure that we're competitive, I guess, the competition – there are competition out there and also by account with some of the new segmentation. So we feel that we actually had pricing set correctly. There are couple styles that we made decisions to change to be a little bit more competitive bringing those down, but we maintained healthy margins across the board regardless of category. We don't see any significant price changes go into next year. We're trying to do going into next year in FY 2020 is to add more value into some of the product that the prices we have more functional capabilities such as waterproof capabilities and some of the fashion boots in women. But pricing overall we felt we were set correctly. We were competitive. A lot of value in the pricing for the consumer and I think that played through in the full price sell-through. 
Steve Fasching: And then just kind of on the amount Dana, you know, what we said in the prepared remarks with -- we think the less promotional activity contributed about $15 million. We think in the quarter that a little below kind of 200 basis points of improvement on the gross margin. As we kind of then extrapolate that out, that's not something we would necessarily plan kind of for next year. So when I talked about my one-time adjustment, we think for the year, it's probably worth of 100 to 150 basis points that we picked up, which is really combination of better full price sell-through as well as some of the airfreight benefits that we received last quarter that we're looking out forward giving guidance. But we think we benefited in the current year probably around 100 to 150 basis points that we wouldn't necessarily figure into next year. Doesn't mean it couldn't repeat, but we wouldn't figure it next year.
Dana Telsey: And then just one last follow-up. How is the new distribution performed whether it’s SOS Urban Outfitters, and how do you see a goal for that going forward?
David Powers: All well across the board. Generally speaking, those have all performed well for us. We have some assortment opportunities in places like Foot Locker where the core new male has sold well to their consumer, but we see opportunities for evolving that specifically for their consumer. But generally speaking, inventory levels and sell-through have been healthy and the accounts are pleased.
Operator: And our next questioner today will be Jim Duffy with Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jim Duffy: Steve, question for you. The objective EBIT margin you were talking about 13%, you're now looking at high 14% through fiscal 2019. If that I heard you correctly in response to Dana's question, you're thinking there's maybe 100 150 bps of give back in the gross margin. Are there organic areas of improvement in the gross margin that are going to be an offset to that?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. So again we are -- as we indicated, we're not completely through all of the COG savings in our original plan that we articulated kind of two years ago. So we do think there is some smaller incremental improvement that still to come next year. So while there will be -- we wouldn't factor in these one-time benefits that we saw this year. There will be a bit of a setback, but there will be smaller not like what you've seen kind of in the last two years in terms of gross margin improvements. But there is still some opportunity for a little bit more improvement.
Jim Duffy: Good. And then you've been tightening the belt for some time now. It sounds like some planned areas of reinvestment, and you spoke some of those. Is there additional savings, wraparound savings into fiscal 2020 that can be an offset for some of that reinvestment?
Steve Fasching: Again, the way we're looking at it and we haven't given guidance. But we think, as Dave mentioned, there is more top line growth. We think through kind of disciplined management of SG&A that we can achieve leverage. It doesn't necessarily mean it's going down, but there can be some offsetting savings as we look out to next year.
Jim Duffy: Okay. Great. And then last one for me just updated thoughts on objective retail footprint given what you saw coming out of the key selling season?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. We're continuing to make progress on operationalizing our fleet and improving store performance both on -- more so on improving the operating contribution that fleet and the teams have made great progress there. We've been doing a lot of renegotiating of leases when leases come up and that has allowed us to keep some stores open when we may have had them on the closure list. So it's one of the things we're continuing to evaluate. Part of that optimization is continuing to optimize labor, elevating the presentation and storytelling and store getting new categories to activate such as men’s and lifestyle, improving merchandising and renegotiating leases. So -- we're moving away from setting a target of stores out there. But I think the goal is to make sure the overall fleet is hitting our internal operating margin metrics that we've established and the teams are making good progress on that and it something we're going to evaluate as part of our overall strategy. 
Operator: And our next questioner today will be Chris Svezia with Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Chris Svezia: I just wanted to -- just on the UGG brand if I have that correct. So -- flat for this year right now is the outlook. But I recall because of the segmentation and some of the strategic alignment and some retail store closings there were $50 million in sales that kind of came out of that brand. But kind of back into it maybe up low single without some of those changes. Is that sort of how we should think about the UGG brand as we sort of move forward the ability to generate low single digit growth or any color about changes or segmentation strategies as we go into next fiscal year that we should be mindful about? 
David Powers: Well I think I'll speak to the changes and strategy. I would say no. I think we're going to continue to build on those strategies. I think the allocation and the whole back of the Classics on the channel has proved to be healthy and created some demand across the brand in the marketplace. I think the segmentation -- this is really the first full year where we've seen true product created specifically for accounts and the younger consumer. That's played out very well. So we're going to continue to build on that. And I think some of those new categories will start to be meaningful and help us get to that low single digit growth over time but still maintaining a tight control of the core classics business. 
Steve Fasching: Yes, and I think, Chris just to add on that. You know what we've talked about. It really is kind of execution and everything we've been talking about kind of especially for the last year and kind of two years figure. What we intended and I think what we've successfully executed was really a strong allocation and segmentation strategy this year. And the idea was it was going to put some pressure on growth for UGG. We knew that. That's kind of the way we laid it out. The quarter played out a little bit better. But with that strategy in place what it did do was build sales in other categories as Dave mentioned. And so now going forward we are building off that base. So you're going to start to see that growth kind of coming next year. 
David Powers: And I also think that the success of the UGG men's in the quarter is a great indicator of some of the opportunity going forward as well. That has reached contribution of 15% of total brand sales now up from 13% last year. We still think there's significant opportunity in men's in with new consumer and in global distribution. And that's when we're going to continue to focus on to bolster the total line of the UGG brand as well. 
Chris Svezia: And then just if I want to go back to your comments about some of these onetime -- benefit this year breaking from sort of the full price sales, reduced airfreight et cetera. And just a comment about potentially lower operating margin. Is it fair to say that you would potentially consider reinvesting some of the operating margin benefit that you've seen which has outperformed back into the business, whether it's marketing, things of that nature or how should we interpret that comment? If you give any color.
David Powers: Absolutely. That's exactly the way we're looking. And I think again this quarter somewhat demonstrate the opportunity that we have, not only with UGG and kind of the success we saw on those areas, but again with HOKA and Koolaburra. And so we do intend to use some of those dollars of over performance to reinvest in the business to drive some of these growth drivers that we have.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I think it's our responsibility to do that going forward for the long-term health of the brand and the business with sustainable healthy growth. We proven that we have growth drivers and opportunities in HOKA and UGG men's and non-core category products in women. Spring and summer is continues to be opportunity for us. We had a great meeting earlier this week about segmenting our marketing spend going forward differently by quarter, and allocating against a different categories globally. And I think with additional marketing efforts targeted against the right consumer there we can continue to drive growth in the UGG brand. In addition to that I think we have some investments to make in IT and digital marketing. And so we're going to balance the spend and the operating margin improvements over the next three to five years to be focused on healthy sustainable growth by returning good value back to shareholders, and we think we're in a great position to start doing that.
Operator: And the next questioner today will be with Mitch Kummetz with Pivotal Research. Please go ahead. I apologize as it is Laurent Vasilescu with Macquarie. Please go ahead.
Laurent Vasilescu: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Thank you for all the color on the revenue shift between 4Q and 3Q. I just curious any thoughts on how should we think about the international versus U.S. revenue change for the fourth quarter? Should we assume the international was down mid-teens while the U.S. is flattish?
David Powers: Yeah. I think the -- when you say that you're saying compared to last year, right?
Laurent Vasilescu: Correct, yeah.
David Powers: Yeah. So I think that's a fair way to kind of look at it.
Laurent Vasilescu: Okay. Okay. Very helpful. And then, on gross margins for the fourth quarter, it’s implied to be slightly down if you take the annual guidance. Is that the right way to think about in terms of maybe down 50 bps, and can you maybe talk about the headwinds and tailwinds for the entire fourth quarter?
David Powers: Yeah. It’s kind of more flattish the last year, and I think the way to look at that was -- as we looked at the quarter, we saw a very strong January last year. This year January started out not as strong as the year ago. So as you recall, there was a little bit of a different weather pattern last year versus this year. Last year cold late December, carried through January. This year, we had a good colder October and November, but warm December that carried through the beginning of January. And there's a lot of selling in January. So we've included that really in our guidance of how we're looking at fourth quarter. So it's not down as much as you said more flattish to down a little bit, really taking that into consideration.
Laurent Vasilescu: Okay. That's very helpful. And then I wanted to follow up on airfreight initiatives. I think obviously last quarter there was a benefit. Was there a benefit this quarter? And then, asking different way how much do you airfreight as a percentage of your overall business and where do you think that goes over the next year?
David Powers: Yeah. We haven't necessarily kind of given that. What we said last quarter as you recall we said there was about $6 million of airfreight that we have planned that we didn't use. And so we think going forward that won't necessarily always be the case. It's going to kind of depend on how we're bringing product to market, where the orders are, how quickly we need to bring product in. Clearly, we have gotten better. And we think there will be improvements from where we were a year ago. We think this year was an extremely clean year and will be a little bit conservative because you know there's going to be certain styles especially as we move beyond kind of the core classics that there's going to be a need to bring product in quickly to the market. So we'll be anticipating some of that.
Steve Fasching: Yes, I think that's the right way to think about it. You know in the past we've used airfreight to compensate for poor planning our inventory management. I think we've addressed all that. And going forward we're going to use it more strategically to chase businesses fast-tracking product and getting after opportunities that arise in the quarter.
Operator: And this will conclude our question-and-answer session as well as today's conference call. Thank you all for attending today's presentation and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2019 Q2  (2018-10-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Erinn Kohler - Deckers Brands David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp. Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.
Analysts: Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. James Vincent Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Christopher Svezia - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC Mitch Kummetz - Pivotal Research Group LLC Rafe Jason Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co. Sam Poser - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Second Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning. Please go ahead.
Erinn Kohler - Deckers Brands: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities Laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance including, but not limited to our projected revenue, margins, expenses, earnings per share and operating profit improvement, as well as statements regarding our cost savings and restructuring plans and strategies for our products and brands. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factor section of its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I will now turn it over to Dave.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Erinn. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today. I'm pleased to report that our team delivered a very strong second quarter. Each of our key growth drivers; HOKA ONE, ONE, UGG Men's and UGG Women's spring/summer and transitional product continued to gain positive traction in the marketplace and contributed to our success over the past three months. The organization's continued hard work is evident in our results. Sales in the quarter were $502 million, up 4% to last year and non-GAAP earnings per share was $2.38, up 55% to the same period last year. Our earnings per share beat in the second quarter was significant. And as you may have seen in the press release, we issued earlier this afternoon, it was fueled by a number of factors, including improved gross margins and lower than planned SG&A expenses. Additionally, we repurchased $125 million of our stock in the quarter, which also aided in the upside to earnings per share. Steve will walk you through details on our results a little later in the call. However, I would like to touch on a few notable items. First, gross margin was up 350 basis points to last year and came in at 50.2%. The increase in gross margin largely came from our domestic wholesale business driven by tight management of airfreight cost, better full-price selling and favorable mix of products sold in our wholesale channel, benefits from improved material input costs, and improved gross margins in our growing DTC business in which we once again saw positive comps in the second quarter. Second, non-GAAP SG&A expense came in at $161 million, up 2% to last year, which was lower than expected mainly due to savings in our logistics and warehouse expenses due to the regional mix of sales shift in the quarter, timing as we pushed marketing expense into the second half of fiscal 2019, and savings in our shared service function. Our strong performance year-to-date combined with an updated view on our projected gross margins has led us to increase our financial outlook for fiscal 2019, which Steve will outline in a minute. Before turning to performance by brand and channel, I think it's important to quickly highlight our first half result versus the first half of last year. Sales were $753 million, up 9%, and non-GAAP SG&A as a percent of sales decreased 180 basis points to 41.9%. These results are further demonstration of continued execution of the plan we laid out in May 2017. There is still work ahead of us, but I'm confident that our organization will continue driving the plan and our business forward. Looking at our performance by brand group, starting with the Fashion Lifestyle group, UGG sales were $396 million in the second quarter, down 1% to last year. As we outlined in our call in May, UGG is implementing a classic allocation and product segmentation strategy in the U.S. for the fall season. While this impacted a portion of the sell-in this quarter, we believe this change in distribution strategy has the ability to drive a pull model, leading to better sell-through and less promotional activity in the brand's largest market. For the second quarter, UGG's global wholesale sales were in line with expectations on the strengths of the sales in the U.S. and Asia-Pacific offset by some weakness in Europe. At the same time, the brand delivered solid DTC performance, led by e-commerce with brick-and-mortar results coming in as expected. As we continue to refine our product segmentation and go-to-market strategy, UGG is focusing on the initial release of certain new products exclusively in our DTC channel. For example, UGG recently launched the Fluff Yeah Slide in our DTC channel, which is a year-round transitional product engrained with UGG DNA. We experienced strong sell-through almost immediately with the product quickly becoming the top seller on ugg.com. And as demand continue to strengthen we quickly allocated incremental marketing dollars to fuel the momentum. The strong launch in our DTC channel combined with our strategic digital marketing efforts led to strong sell-through in reorders with our wholesale partners. The swift action by the UGG team to capitalize on the successful product launch shows the changes we're making to the business are allowing us to be more nimble, leverage our omni-channel capabilities, and quickly react to consumer interest. The fall/winter 2018 season marks the UGG brands 40th anniversary and the marketing campaign around anniversary is continuing to drive the momentum in UGG brand heat. This milestone is a confirmation of the brand's strength in the marketplace and with our consumers. Looking to the future of the brand, as we said previously, our focus is on developing compelling product, leveraging our DTC infrastructure for speed to market, creating a deep relationship with our consumers and bringing a new and younger consumer into the brand. This fall/winter season shows progress on that front as we have successfully launched new compelling product, including the Fluff Yeah Slide and Neutra Sneaker, both non-classic products which are experiencing strong sell-through. Partnering with new retailers, we're bringing a fresh prospective and new consumer to the brand, including Urban Outfitters, SIX:02, JD Sports and Foot Locker and reach new and younger consumers predominantly through our social media channels, as according to YouGov brand impression in the U.S. is up 59% with 18 to 34-year-old women in our fiscal 2019 to-date. I believe this along with clean channel inventory and the classics allocation and product segmentation strategy, position the brand well for successful holiday season. Next within our Performance Lifestyle group, HOKA sales in the quarter increased 28% to $52 million. The brand once again drove strong year-over-year growth on a successful updates to the Clifton and Bondi franchises. Also on the product side, the Hupana which has been out for a few seasons achieved triple-digit growth over last year. The shoe has performed well since its launch, but this is the first time it has cracked the top 10 styles. The success of the Hupana is a great example of the brand's depth and further demonstrates that HOKA can continue to grow through category expansion and product innovation. On that front, I think it's important to stress the fact that we are growing the HOKA brand through a strategy centered on focused and disciplined growth. All the product and distribution decisions are being made to increase brand awareness, drive brand heat and create long-lasting relationships with our consumers, all with an eye on product quality and performance. This is driving strong full-price selling and increased e-commerce penetration, as well as providing the brand a long runway for future growth. Turning to Teva. Sales were $22 million in the quarter, up approximately 1% to the same period last year. Results were driven by domestic DTC and international wholesale as favorable summer weather predominantly in Europe and Japan aided performance. These are partially offset by the reduction in legacy Ahnu U.S. wholesale sales as we rolled the Ahnu brand into Teva at the beginning of calender 2017. Core Teva U.S. wholesale sales were up mid-single-digit year-over-year. On the product side, Teva saw success with the Ember Moc, which was initially released last year in limited quantities. In the second quarter of this year, the Ember Moc was a top five product for Teva globally and is a great compliment to Teva's stand in-line (00:10:06) and is a natural fit with the core Teva consumer. Now to performance by channel. Wholesale sales were $408 million in the second quarter, up 4% to last year. Results were driven by UGG Asia-Pacific wholesale and distributor and HOKA global wholesale performance, which both saw strong double-digit growth year-over-year. HOKA International wholesale growth was strong across both Europe and Asia-Pacific. And as I previously mentioned, International growth is a major initiative for the brand, and the team is making exceptional progress. Also contributing to the wholesale growth in the second quarter was Koolaburra as the new brand grew sales over 250%. The brand is still in its early days, but it's quickly taking shelf space in the U.S. family value chain. These positive results were partially offset by continued weakness in the UK, largely within UGG wholesale. The UK marketplace remains challenging due to weak consumer demand for apparel and footwear, along with macroeconomic uncertainty due to the upcoming Brexit. Next, DTC sales in the quarter were $94 million, up 3% to last year. DTC comps increased 4.8%, led by the strength of UGG U.S. and HOKA and Teva global e-commerce. As we continue to allocate marketing dollars towards digital as well as launch DTC exclusive and early release product, owned e-commerce sales will continue to drive growth. I previously touched on our successful initial DTC exclusive launch of the Fluff Yeah for the UGG brand in the quarter. For HOKA, we continue to see strong owned online sales growth as consumers become more familiar with the brand and are converted into the brand from its social platforms, digital marketing and storytelling efforts. I'm encouraged by the consumer engagements these efforts are producing, and I'm confident this trend will continue. Before handing the call over to Steve, I want to say how encouraged I am with our year-to-date progress. And I believe that UGG brand is well positioned ahead of its key holiday selling season with clean channel inventory, segmented product and a thoughtful allocation of core Classic. Our organization is executing well on our long-term strategy, and I'm proud of the work the teams have done to elevate our brands, right-size our cost structure and set the organization on the path of profitable mid-single-digit future growth. With that, I'll pass the call over to Steve to provide more details on our second quarter results and our guidance for the third quarter and full fiscal year 2019.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon to everyone. Before getting into the details, I would like to note that throughout this discussion where I refer to non-GAAP financial measures, I'm referring to results before taking into account non-recurring charges that our management believes are not core to our ongoing operating result. Also note our non-GAAP results are not adjusted for constant currency. A reconciliation between our reported GAAP results and the non-GAAP results can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our website under the Investors tab. Now to our results. For the second quarter, as Dave mentioned, revenue was $502 million, up 4% to last year and above the high end of our guidance range. The year-over-year increase was largely due to continued growth in HOKA globally across both wholesale and e-commerce, higher UGG domestic e-commerce sales and Asia-Pacific wholesale sales as well as increased Koolaburra sales. These gains were partially offset by softness in UGG European wholesale sales and lower retail sales due to recent store closures. Gross margins were 50.2%, up 350 basis points over last year. The year-over-year increase in gross margins were driven by a significant reduction in airfreight usage for inventory brought in during the quarter, better full-price selling in our wholesale channel combined with the benefit of a growing DTC sales, lower material cost as we continue to benefit from our supply chain initiatives, in-quarter savings from vendor support marketing that will be shifted from the second quarter into the third quarter to support the UGG brand 40th anniversary campaign and the benefit from foreign currency in the quarter. Non-GAAP SG&A expense were $161 million, up 2% from last year. As a percent of revenue, non-GAAP SG&A expenses were 32.1%, down from 32.6% last year. The variance to last year was largely driven by increased variable expenses on higher sales, which were partially offset by a decreased retail store cost as a result of recent store closures, lower depreciation and amortization charges and slightly lower marketing expenses which are now anticipated to be utilized in the back half of fiscal 2019. Non-GAAP earnings per share came in at $2.38 compared to $1.54 last year and well above our guidance range of $1.60 to $1.70. The majority of the year-over-year increase in earnings per share was from $0.37 from higher gross margins, including the impact of reduced airfreight usage, $0.17 from our share buyback activity over the last 12 months, $0.13 from a lower expected full year tax rate of 21% and $0.12 from higher sales. Non-GAAP adjustments in the quarter were approximately $0.7 million and were primarily related to restructuring costs, organizational changes and charges incurred in connection with the refinancing of our prior credit facility. Also, a note on our tax rate. In the second quarter, our GAAP tax rate was 17.2%. This effective tax rate for the quarter is much lower than our expected full year non-GAAP tax rate of approximately 21% due to several discrete tax credits, which impacted the second quarter's reported result. Turning to our balance sheet, at September 30, cash and equivalents were $182 million, down from $231 million at September 30 of last year. Inventory was down 7% to $515 million from $556 million at the same time last year. And we had $71 million in short-term borrowings under our credit line compared to $133 million last year. We remain committed to delivering on our share repurchase plan. In the second quarter, we repurchased 1.1 million shares of our common stock at an average price of $117.07 for a total of $125 million. Of the $400 million that was authorized by our board last year, $116 million remained available as of September 30, 2018. Now, moving on to our financial outlook, for the third quarter of fiscal 2019, we expect revenue to be in the range of $805 million to $825 million as we are seeing more order shift into the third quarter from the fourth quarter as our wholesalers want to take spring product earlier. And we expect non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $5.10 to $5.25. I think it's important to touch on a few assumptions inherent in our third quarter guidance that we previously mentioned, but we are seeing upside in gross margins as a result of our cost improvement effort. Last year's third quarter gross margins had the benefit of a strong wholesale reorder and incremental DTC sales due to favorable weather that drove upside. Last year's favorable conditions are not anticipated to occur this year at the same magnitude, which is a potential offsetting headwind to gross margin. Also, the savings and marketing spend we incurred in the first half of fiscal 2019 have been shifted into the back half of the year and is expected to be utilized in both the third and fourth quarters. Next, for fiscal year 2019, we are updating the financial guidance that we provided on the July call. We now expect sales to be in the range of $1.935 billion to $1.96 billion. Our outlook at the brand level has been updated to include, UGG sales still expected to be down low single-digit, HOKA is now expected to be up in the mid to high 30% range, Teva is now expected to be down low single-digit and Sanuk is now expected to be down mid-single digit. Turning to the remainder of the P&L, gross margins are now expected to be approximately 50% for this year, which includes certain one-time benefits achieved this year. SG&A as a percent of sales are now expected to be slightly better than 37%. Operating margins are now expected to be in the range of 13% to 13.2%. And we are raising our non-GAAP earnings per share which are now expected to be in the range of $6.65 to $6.85 on a share count of approximately 30 million shares. Our guidance for the third quarter and fiscal year 2019 excludes any potential non-GAAP charges as well as the effect of any future share repurchases. Also, we had a tax adjustment in the second quarter which is reducing our expected tax rate for the year. And our guidance for fiscal 2019 now assumes an expected tax rate of approximately 21%. Our anticipated SG&A expenses for the remainder of fiscal 2019 have increased and we intend to reinvest a portion of the higher gross profit dollars achieved in the first half of the year into marketing. The reinvestment will largely be in HOKA and UGG, our key growth drivers, in an effort to strengthen our relationship with our consumers and prepare the organization for future growth. Additionally, to remain competitive, we have increased our U.S.-based distribution center labor cost. During this period, we also provide an update on our sheepskin pricing. We continue to see stable prices in sheepskin market and we expect our sheepskin cost for fiscal 2020 to be similar to this year and not too materially affect our gross margins. This does not constitute our gross margin guidance for next year as our sheepskin costs are only one component of our gross margins. Overall, and as demonstrated by these results, we are extremely pleased with the progress we have made on our operating profit improvement plan. And with our updated guidance, we are now on track to deliver a 13% operating margin a year ahead of what we initially projected. As we move toward the back half of this plan, we will continue to optimize cost and strategically reinvest in our growth opportunities as we drive the business forward. With that, I'll now turn it back to Dave for his closing remarks.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Steve. I'd like to reiterate how encouraged I'm by the organization's continued execution under our long-term plan. Looking ahead, we will drive organic growth for our three growth drivers of HOKA, UGG Men's and UGG Women's, spring and summer and transitional products. Supporting these growth drivers will be the focus on developing best-in-class digital marketing capabilities, product innovation and speed to market. At the same time, we remain committed to generating industry-leading operating margins and returning value to our shareholders through share repurchases and other accretive reinvestments into the business. I'm confident the team can continue delivering, as we have over the past several quarters, and I look forward to updating you on our progress in February. As always, I'd like to thank all of Deckers employees around the globe for contributing to our strong performance during the second quarter. We will now open the call for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. And our first question will come from Dana Telsey of Telsey Advisory Group.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Good afternoon, everyone, and congratulations on the impressive results. As you think of the UGG business and down 1% to last year, how much of that was due to either weather or the new product segmentation strategy? Where do you expect that to be going forward? And where you wanted to be? And how do you think that influences either top-line channel with global wholesale sales and also margins? Thank you.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Dana, this is Dave. I'll speak to that from a strategic standpoint and then let Steve give a little more color on that. As we came out of last winter, it was important for us to take advantage of the fact that we had strong sell-through and a pretty clean channel. It's something we've been working on for quite some time. And as we went into the quarter coming up this year, we made the decision to take advantage of the inventory opportunity and resetting the marketplace with Classic. So, the product segmentation has been something in the work for a while at making sure each account has something unique and special and is right for their consumer. And then, the allocation strategy is really getting control of the Classics business. The way we're looking at this year is making sure that we have each account holding the right level of inventory. It's something that we think can create a little bit more demand and excitement and pull strategy in the marketplace. And so far that allocation strategy seems to be working well. It is a headwind coming into this year versus last year as you noted, but we think it's the right thing to do for the long-term health of the business and setting up the brand in the marketplace 3 million as (00:25:17) premium positioning. Steve, do you want to comment on the specifics of it?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. Dana, so we think the strategic decisions we made, which include the allocation, which include segmentation, we also included some retail store closures. We think that's worth about $50 million of revenue. So, by putting that strategic decision in place, so segmentation allocation and reduced retail stores, we think we've given up kind of $50 million of revenue in the current year.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: And I would also add on to that, you've got to remember, there's less points of distribution in the marketplace than there has been in the past, and we have some pretty key new strategic accounts in the Sports Lifestyle and UGG sector that are emerging for us as well.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: And the new accounts that you talked about, whether it's Urban Outfitters or Foot Locker, what do you see as the potential of those accounts? Could they replace any of the other existing accounts?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: I think – right now, I think they're mostly incremental to our top five or 10 wholesale retail accounts. It's the younger consumer that we're targeting. We're getting new distinct products specific for those channels into the marketplace. As you heard from the call, the commentary styles like the Fluff Yeah and the Neutra Sneaker are resonating well. There are a little bit more accessible price points but still have the UGG DNA. So, I think, over time they can be meaningful, whether some of those are top 10 are not remains to be seen. But I do think that they're mostly incremental to our core distribution today.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Thank you.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thank you.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: And the next question will come from Camilo Lyon of Canaccord Genuity.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thank you. Hi, guys. How are you? Great quarter.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Good.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: How are you doing?
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Doing great. Thank you. Wanted to understand a little bit deeper the outlook that you provided, just specifically as it relates to the implied fourth quarter guidance. I think you said something around retailers wanting to shift spring receipts into the third quarter. Probably the first time I've heard that given how weather is now starting to extend longer into the season. So I'm just trying to understand that dynamic a little bit more and how that influence the guidance?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. One of the things that we've been working on for a little while, Camilo, is setting up – we used to be called the resort collection drop in the last couple of weeks of December. Traditionally there'll be kind of a drop between holiday and then spring. And we've been working closely with our key accounts and also DTC to develop products that we think can sell in that last two to three weeks of Christmas heading into the New Year. So, some of that shift is accounts thing, yes, they want to sign up for some of that additional sales. We're also fast-tracking opportunity based off early success of the Fluff Yeah, and that's business that we're chasing into Q3. So that's really the main driver. It's not hugely significant to the total quarter, but it is a good indication that there is additional opportunity there.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, I think also, Camilo, as you look at the revenue numbers, so you'll see with the range that we guided revenue of $805 million to $825 million, which is above last year's $810 million, that's where – kind of underlying to that, we've got to decrease low single-digits in UGG with the strategic decisions that we were kind of just talking about. So that is actually – we're assuming slightly lower year-on-year UGG revenue. And then that's getting offset with increases in HOKA and Koolaburra. So that's kind of how you get to that range with a little bit of that UGG pull forward into Q3.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. And then fewer retail stores in the quarter than last year too.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: And so, with that Q3 expectation for UGG to be down low single-digit, does that incorporate, A, reorder expectation that is below your cancellations so greater cancellations versus reorders? Because I think that's what you had anticipated earlier for the year?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Correct. Yeah. So that's still the assumption for Q3, so net cancellation.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: So, again, just to kind of talk about that, what we said is, we're taking a more conservative approach this year given the impact that weather had last year both on kind of a promotional cadence as well as revenue. So, as we talked about last year, we thought the weather contributed about $30 million of wholesale additional reorders and about $10 million in DTC. So we're not picking that same level up again kind of this year as we're a little more conservative around weather until we see how it plays out.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. And then, the DTC comp within that is at this point low single-digits, again, contemplating the increased demand we had last year due to the weather in the last few weeks of the quarter.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Got it, okay. So, it's great to be conservative from this standpoint early in the season. My second question is on – just more of a fine-tuning question. You talked about shifts in non-recurring items both in gross margin and marketing. Could you quantify what those were so we understand what the underlying rates are for the business and how the shift in marketing expenses are going to play out, and if that's a roughly 50/50 split between Q3 and Q4?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. So I think – maybe if we kind of take a step back in terms of what happened in Q2 and how we're flowing that through that, I think that kind of helps set up how we're looking at the year. So, with the strong beat, which was largely driven by gross profit dollars, which a little less than half of that was the airfreight, and that was just kind of strategic planning that helped really drive that improvement. So, not always to say that we can achieve that same level, but we flowed that through in terms of gross profit lift. On the full year, so the 49% moving to 50%, that's basically the flow-through of the $20 million that we're seeing in gross profit. What we're then doing is taking a portion of that to reinvest in marketing. So that's what you're seeing kind of the lift in the SG&A in the back half, which is the 30% we've guided to.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Got it.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: And then some of the timing from Q2 is being put into the back half.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. So, it's like $10 million for SG&A Q3 and Q4 of that $20 million that you're taking from gross margin?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Correct.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: And one other thing – go ahead, Camilo. Sorry.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: I was just going to clarify, and there is also a separate SG&A shift in addition to that?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Right. So, the SG&A savings that you're seeing in Q2 is largely timing, and that's moving to back half.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Got it, okay. And then, just lastly, on the ability to or the reality of achieving your 13% EBIT margin a year ahead of plan, can you give us kind of a framework to think about, now that you've got the business really hitting on all cylinders. What's the outlook or what's the potential or what's the possibility of this business and the EBIT margins that you can generate? Is this continuing to grow at this rate, wholly on the EBIT margin rate, or is there further opportunities to raise that EBIT margin profile?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. This is Dave. I think, longer-term, we're not prepared to kind of put those kind of targets out there yet. But we do think there is a little bit more opportunity, safe to say. I think it's also important though, and this is one of the reasons that we are reinvesting some of the operating profit dollars now since we are ahead of plan, is we do have growth drivers that we have been incubating that are showing signs of promise. And so, I think it's very important that we take the opportunity to invest in marketing, particularly in the UGG Men's business and the UGG Women's spring and summer and transitional business, and then particularly in HOKA. HOKA, as you can see from the results, it's still continuing to take off. We think this has tremendous upside, but it's still relatively low awareness. And so, we want to take the opportunity now to invest in that business to create the awareness that will help fuel growth for the company back up to mid-single digit starting in FY 2020.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: And I think, the other thing is, as we look at that strategic reinvestment, it's in variable expenses. So everything we've talked about, the shift of moving fixed expense to variable, is playing out and it's playing out kind of ahead of schedule. So we have levers in place to protect the profitability of the business. So that's what gives us comfort around that 13% this year.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Fantastic. Excellent. Good luck, guys, in the holiday season.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Okay.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thank you.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Great. Thanks.
Operator: The next question will come from Jim Duffy of Stifel.
James Vincent Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Hey, Jim.
James Vincent Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I know a lot of hard work went into the margin progress, so congratulations to the team.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thank you.
James Vincent Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: It does seem like the gross margin has been a nice source of upside within that. Last quarter, for instance, I think you said 90% of the cost of goods opportunities you identified in the $150 million savings had been realized. Do you see good further opportunity in the gross margins?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. I think from my standpoint as I look at, we've got most of it now kind of under our belt. So, there is not too much more. You're not going to see a similar cadence of improvement on the gross profit. Kind of when we laid out our plan, we said that the gross profit improvement was largely going to be what comes first. Kind of from an upside where it would come from would be depending on the promotional environment. So, this year, we've assumed a higher level of promotion this year versus last year. If that plays out where we are less promotional, there's probably a little bit of upside on the gross profit. But in terms of the work around the plan that we have in place in terms of material optimization moving production outside of China, a lot of that heavy lifting. And then this quarter benefiting probably a little more than we will usually from airfreight is really what's driving that improvement in the quarter that we're able to flow through to the full year then.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. And I also think on top of that, just a better handle on inventory control, moving that inventory through the pipeline into the marketplace, and you should see less volatility in the margin going forward. We have a pretty firm handle on the cost savings going forward. We've been migrating production out of China into Vietnam, and that is going well. So we feel pretty good about – really good about the progress and then good about how things play out going forward.
James Vincent Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's a great segue to my next question, I wanted to ask what you're doing so much better and different from an inventory management standpoint. That had always been a little bit of a wild ride with you guys, and it seems like you've really tightened things up. Can you speak to some of the operational factors behind that?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. I think, the first thing we've been focused on the last couple of years is just better visibility across the organization and holding the teams and ourselves accountable for top and bottom line. We've also spent a lot of time on the supply chain process and pre-season planning so that we are efficient how we bring and when we bring product into the DC and to the consumer. So that's going to play out in better turns. As we're starting to see in the business, but I really think the planning teams and the work that they've been with the factories and flowing product differently has and will have a big impact on that going forward, continuity planning, level loading at the factories and just-in-time inventory into the DCs.
James Vincent Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And then, any more of those nice one-time upside opportunities in the model to call out?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Well, I think...
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: We pulled that lever this quarter.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, we pulled that lever this quarter. I mean, the air was a big piece and, again, not to say that we can do that every quarter. It was again, to your point, much better planning on our part to be able to flow product in and get it out, but you'll always have to airfreight some product in.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: And that was the strategic decision we made towards the tail end of the quarter to not spend that money on airfreight knowing that we were still able to deliver the sales for the quarter and then create an opportunity to reinvest some of that back into the business what you're seeing.
James Vincent Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Very good. Thank you, guys.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Jim.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Jim.
Operator: The next question comes from Chris Svezia of Wedbush.
Christopher Svezia - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thanks very much and congrats on the quarter.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Chris.
Christopher Svezia - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: So, I'm just curious just to go, not to beat this to death, but just on the gross margin, I know you called out there's roughly – I think you said 150 basis points or so related to freight, but there is also a lot of other structural things you've talked about that were driving the business on...
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Right.
Christopher Svezia - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: ....product DTC, et cetera. As we sort of move forward, what today within the model? What's sustainable as you go into the back half? And what goes away or what offsets that to get to what is implied sort of a flat gross margin? I would assume Q4 gross margin is going to be down or at least implied in the guidance. Can we just talk a little bit about that what goes away or what are we missing here as we move sort of forward to the back half of the year?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. So, I think one of the things that we benefited from and I can walk through, so clearly airfreight was the big one. Some of our vendors support marketing that we typically have in Q2 moved into Q3, so that's a bit of a headwind in Q3. And that's largely around our UGG 40th anniversary event. So to put more marketing dollars that flow through our gross margin into Q3 versus Q4, so that's a switch. So you're seeing a benefit in Q2 as we move some of the dollars in this year into Q3 as we support that 40th anniversary. Some of the other things that you saw DTC mix helped us in Q2. We did get a little bit of benefit from favorable foreign currency, so that came in a little bit better than what we were planning, and then our product cost came in. And while we have that factored into our guidance, we did see a little bit more of that in Q2 than what we anticipated. So that gave us kind of a bit of a lift. I think, as you begin to look at the back half, a lot of that is baked into our guidance. So when you think about Q3 and you think about rates and kind of our ability of kind of where the guidance is versus where we can go. Last year, we benefited largely from very favorable weather conditions that helped drive a strong wholesale reorder, which held full-price margins in place. We also benefited from stronger DTC sales. As wholesale ran out of product, they came to DTC. So, with a more conservative approach this year around Q3, we're seeing kind of headwinds that we're facing in that respect. That's partially being offset by continued improvements in our supply chain that we have factored in. And so, that's kind of how we get to what's in the guidance for the margin.
Christopher Svezia - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. And just to be clear, it looks like putting all the words in your month, but Q3 would be more of a flattish to up slightly, then Q4 would be down somewhere in that 100 basis points to kind of get to your view, just given that comparison for Q4 is pretty significant. Am I thinking about that right?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: More flattish in Q3 so not so much upside because of the favorability that we experienced last year. So that would give a little more room on Q4.
Christopher Svezia - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Got it. And the marketing is more shifted to Q4?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yes. So that's more of a Q4 event. Because as Dave said, that's more around strategic initiatives to drive long-term health so we're not necessarily seeing that driving kind of near-term sales.
Christopher Svezia - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And Dave, just a general question for you. Just as you think about you hit your profitability target 13% plus already, and I'm just curious can you talk about mid-single-digit top line growth, you're sort of just a breath away from that this year. Just sort of maybe help us along when you can potentially hit that level of growth, just sort of your thought about hitting mid-single digits on a more consistent basis?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. I think we're pleased with the progress we've made obviously in the first half of this year ahead of expectations and trending well. When you lay that into a full year mix of business, it's not as significant, but we do think there is continued upside in Q1 and Q2 going forward with the success of HOKA spring and summer product. We're shooting to get to that mid-single-digit growth rate starting in FY 2020. We're not putting any of that out there yet. But that's where our sights are set. That's where we're making some of the reinvestments here now into the business. And so, I'd say, you can start to see that in the early days of 2021.
Christopher Svezia - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you and all the best. Appreciate it.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thank you.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: The next question comes from Omar Saad of Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks for taking my question. Great quarter. Thanks for all the information.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Omar.
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: I just wanted to ask question about weather, sorry. But it's been a pretty warm fall. Obviously you guys have a product that's seasonally affected of course. As weather is churning, we're hearing some data points around accelerations happening at retail. It feels like there could be some pent-up demand back on the heels of cooler weather. Just wondering if you have any thoughts on that topic? Thanks.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. I think we're pleased with how the quarter has started off. We have – like I said, we have clean inventory in this channel. We've got great segmentation out there. And where there is some colder weather, we are seeing a little bit of impact on the sales, which is great to see, which means the product is right and is resonating for the consumer. Always cautious to comment on weather expectations. I do know that last year was kind of a perfect storm, so to speak, just in terms of weather and timing, particularly in the back half of December going into January. So, I guess, best to say that we feel good about how we're positioned with the clean inventory channel, the allocation, segmentation, new accounts, product resonating. And if the cold weather comes, I think we're in really good shape for that.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. And I think, again, just to be clear on that, our expectation on weather is more conservative than what we saw last year. So we're not expecting a repeat of last year.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah.
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: Got it. That's really helpful, guys. Dave, can I also ask you about Amazon, I think, the stock is under pressure this afternoon, that might have been a little bit of a sales miss, I'm not sure. But it's a relatively new business for you guys. How do you see the role of that channel? Is it offensive? Is it defensive? Is there any impact on other channels or overlapping? How do you think about segmenting product there? Thanks.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yes. So, I have to give the teams a lot of credit for the way they're managing that account. That was a major decision that we made a couple of years ago to sell directly through Amazon channel. And so far, it's been working well. There have been very straightforward with the rest of our accounts and the expectations for Amazon. We've identified them as I believe the core account versus premium, so they're not getting the full breadth of the line or saving that for DTC and some of our premium accounts. And we're controlling the inventory there in a really very positive way, I would say. I think it's interesting to see that despite opening up Amazon, we're still seeing healthy business in some of our key accounts, e-commerce business at the same time. So, I think there is a channel opportunity there, but it's not massive. We want to make sure that we monitor that within the mix of our key partners, and we're servicing that consumer correctly for their consumer. But so far, I would say, we're pleased with how it's managed. We are tightly monitoring that. We have teams on it every day as we are with our top strategic accounts across the board. So – so far so good, but we're – the sanctity and the premiumness brand is first and foremost versus driving massive upside growth within the Amazon channel.
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: Thank you. Best wishes for holiday.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: All right.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from of Mitch Kummetz of Pivotal Research.
Mitch Kummetz - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions. Just wanted to drill down some of these puts and takes a little bit more. So, starting with the gross margin, is there any way to kind of normalize what that was before the quarter? It sounds like there are clearly some benefits that were a little bit more one-time in nature. So, is there any way you can kind of address that?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. So, what I would say is, Mitch, if you kind of look at the $20 million, right, roughly about $3 million to $4 million kind of the lift, it's kind of $19 million to $20 million. $3 million to $4 million of that is really volume, so that's kind of the higher sales that we expected. So when you get kind of beyond volume, then you're at a rate of, call it, kind of $15 million to $16 million. We're seeing a little less than half of that is really kind of related to that not using airfreight this year compared to, say, what we used last year or anticipated for this year. And then, you get into kind of a couple of the other items that I talked about. So we have vendor support marketing, which is a part of gross margin. That's couple of million dollars that moves into Q3 out of Q2. And again, that's really related to the 40th anniversary, and then similar amounts with DTC mix product costs beneficial in Q2 and then some on the FX upside that we saw in Q2 but didn't plan.
Mitch Kummetz - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Got it. I appreciate that color. And then, on the Q3 gross margin outlook, Steve, I think you said kind of flattish – you talked about the benefit that you saw last year from the strong full price selling. It sounds like you expect to be – you were thinking you would end up being a little bit more promotional this year at least that's kind of in the guide. So I know gross margin was up 170 bps on last year, can you remind us how much of that was weather-related, how much of that is that you seem you give back and then like how much is the supply chain benefit continued into Q3? Does that all makes sense those questions?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, it does. So, basically I think what we're seeing, last year we kind of – or the difference, I would say, that we're looking at, say, this year versus last year, is probably around 50 bps hit as being more conservative around weather. Probably a similar type offset with the continued improvements in supply chain initiatives, so there's two kind of offset.
Mitch Kummetz - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Got it. Okay, great. And then, lastly, just thinking about the sales impacts kind of last year to this year in the third quarter, I think you mentioned you picked up $30 million on reorders relative to, I think, when the guide was $10 million on DTC, plus this year you got the store closures and the segmentation strategy which on an annual basis is like $50 million, I would guess. Probably half of that hits in Q3, just kind of sizing up UGG. How much impact UGG has on the third quarter? So, I mean, my math is that that gets you like down $60 million, $65 million, is that how you're thinking about UGG for the quarter? I know you've not given specific UGG guidance on the quarter, but is there some offset to that or just help me understand that.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. I think you're a little too high on kind of the hit.
Mitch Kummetz - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Yeah.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: So, more UGG kind of down low-single-digit year-on-year.
Mitch Kummetz - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Yeah.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: It's kind of how we're looking at Q3.
Mitch Kummetz - Pivotal Research Group LLC: And is that all segmentation in stores or is that also fewer reorders and less (00:50:10)?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. I guess – yeah, it will be probably about $30-ish-million of less reorders, a little more conservative stance in terms of retail and e-commerce with combination of fewer retail stores.
Mitch Kummetz - Pivotal Research Group LLC: Yeah. Okay. That's good. Thanks, guys.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rafe Jadrosich of Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Rafe Jason Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I just wanted to follow-up on your comments on achieving the 13% operating margin a year early. I think savings from store closures was a big portion of the SG&A savings in that. Can you talk about where you are in that process and how many stores you have, how many you plan to close and where you could see additional savings there?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yes, good question. Since we've been on this path, we've spent a lot of time with the retail teams optimizing profitability at a store level across the fleet. And I'm pleased to say they've made great progress on that front. On the original target of $125 million we put out there a little over 18 months ago was a target to kind of wind down to. As we're getting further along in the process and of the cost savings initiatives, we're finding that there is some improvement in some of these stores. And we're basically looking at store level evaluating them if they can get above the internal threshold for four wall profitability, which we've set at about 20%. We're going to put those on the re-evaluation list versus closure list. So, we continue to drive improvements into the fleet. We're continuing to evaluate to see what we think from a long-term perspective some of these growth drivers in men's and spring and summer can do to the profitability of the stores. But suffice to say, we will be closing more stores than we'll be opening over the next foreseeable future.
Rafe Jason Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you. And then, can you comment a little bit about what you're seeing in Europe right now?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. Europe is – there is obviously macro and economic challenges over there. The brand remained strong (00:52:39) that we're seeing particularly in the UK, is a macro level issue. So, we're remaining a little bit conservative there. We do feel good about similar setups that we have in North America with regards to segmentation in some of the new accounts that we've been fostering over there. But the softness is really a macro level issue and we're just taking a conservative look at Europe right now.
Rafe Jason Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you. And then, just the...
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: That's really related to UGG. The HOKA brand is still seeing strength and growth opportunity at this point. So it's really an UGG issue with the mature business, particularly in the UK.
Rafe Jason Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yeah. And then, can you just talk about what FX assumption is you bake into the guidance and remind us about how you hedge like how far out you're hedged right now?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Right. So basically – so, the guidance assumes current rates. We do put hedging in place at the beginning of the year. We don't hedge 100%, but we do hedge a large majority of our FX exposure. So, we will have – always have a little bit of FX exposure, but we hedge kind of for the year at the beginning of the year.
Rafe Jason Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: The calendar year?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, so our fiscal year. So, going into our fiscal year, we have our budget where we're basically hedging large majority of our exposure, but again not 100%. So we'll always get some fluctuation. And then, every quarter we'll be updating to current rates. But that will also take into account some of the hedge exposure too.
Rafe Jason Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: The next question will come from Erinn Murphy of Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. I was hoping you guys could talk a little bit more about what you saw from the Chinese consumer during the quarter, and maybe just kind of split it between what you're seeing in terms of the Mainland trends versus what you're seeing with the Chinese cluster overall, inclusive of those traveling to Japan or Europe or elsewhere?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yes. So, the China market for us had a good quarter. I think, again, similar to what's happening in the U.S., some of the new products that's more seasonally relevant, again, like the Fluff Yeah and the Neutra Sneaker, seasonal slippers are trending and performing well, which is a good sign that they're resonating on a global level. We are seeing a little bit of impact from the Chinese consumer on other markets, particularly in Japan. There is a lot of Chinese tourism happening in Japan right now, and the Japan business seems to be turning around versus last year. So, it's something that for the UGG brand, things are still trending well with that consumer. I do know at a macro level, there is potential concerns about what the trade wars are going to have for an impact on the Chinese consumer globally. But I think, for us, within the UGG brand, we're still seeing the brand resonating and the new product working at a global level.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. It's great to see as we continue to develop that market. And Asia-Pacific, the region was a good performer for us in the quarter. So we're continuing to see growth in those areas.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. And then, maybe just kind of sticking with the trade war piece, what percent of your business today is impacted by that $200 billion of tariff that was put in place on September 17? And then, I guess, have you seen as you kind of talk to other people in the industry, any retailers trying to kind of front run shipments before the end of the year – before we move up to 55% tariff in some of the categories? And I know you don't have a ton of exposure in those, but just curious.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. So, we don't have a ton of exposure. Some of those new categories are tiny businesses for us in the scheme of things. And as I said earlier, the teams have done a tremendous job of migrating our production to other places beyond China to the point now where we're at over 70% outside of China. And for us, deliveries for FY 2019 are pretty much already on the water and on their way, if they're not already here going into Q3. So we've been planning for that. The exposure going forward, we feel, is pretty minimal. And I do know there's other – talking to our suppliers in China and Vietnam, we were just there a couple of weeks ago just in the marketplace, people are scrambling a bit. But as far as Deckers' business goes, we feel good about those liabilities being reduced from a China production standpoint and our ability to ship product in a timely manner to avoid any issues this year.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. And then, just on the tariffs, Erinn. So, right now, anything that's been imposed, we have not been impacted by. And then just to give you a rough idea of where we're at, by the end of this calendar year, about 20% of the product from the product that we have will come out of China. And we expect to continue to reduce that going forward. So, we feel good about kind of our current level of exposure, and it's improving.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: In that 20% out of China, is that all being shipped to the U.S. or is that as a total, so it's even a smaller piece that's coming to the U.S.?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. So it's 20% global, even less to the U.S.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. Thank you, guys, very much.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. Thanks, Erinn.
Operator: And next we have question from Sam Poser of Susquehanna.
Sam Poser - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. A couple of things. The gross margin guidance that you provided given that your inventory arguably is significantly cleaner than it has been from a dollar perspective in quite some time. Doesn't that help to offset some of the potential pressures because of the pull model that you are beginning to develop?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. I think we've related that into the guidance. And as we said, for the quarter total inventory down 7% obviously with the growth of UGG and Koolaburra. UGG is down even more than that. And so, we do feel good about that. I think the margin upside that we saw in Q2 from deliveries and shipments in the quarter is indicative of the kind of go-forward margin. But I think with the mix of DTC and fewer stores versus wholesale this year versus last year and also some of the assumptions around a little bit more promotional marketplace offset the upside that we are seeing. And I think it's all embedded into the guidance.
Sam Poser - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: And then two more things. One, you mentioned some of the fashion athletic accounts for Locker and others, what kind of response are you getting there and what kind of an opportunity do you think it is? And I've got one more quick one at the end.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. As you know, we've been cultivating accounts such as Foot Locker, Footaction, SIX:02 for a couple of years working closely with those teams. We are doing it in a thoughtful and strategic way starting with the Footaction doors. This is a first time ever that we sold into Foot Locker. We are doing it in a very thoughtful way similar to what we did with Macy's a couple of years ago with a small amount of doors as a test, lets test and learn, let's take those learnings and embed them into product and marketing and the partnership. And we're pleased with how things are performing and the response of both Foot Locker Inc. and their consumer so far. So I think this is a meaningful opportunity. If we can really resonate particularly in men's with that in sports lifestyle consumer in that distribution over time, and as I said earlier in the call I do think it's incremental to places like Nordstrom and Dillard's. I think it could be meaningful for UGG particularly in Men's, but also in UGG Women's as well. And what's great about it is it gives us exposure and an opportunity to connect with that younger consumer, which we don't necessarily do in Nordstrom and Dillard's in traditional accounts. So I'm pretty excited about it and we also think about the opportunity for Foot Locker in Canada and Europe and then kind of like JD Sports, or JD over in UK as well.
Sam Poser - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: Thank you. And then lastly, back to the inventory for one sec, given the way the inventory is tracking, could you give us some idea of how – Steve may be how you're thinking about the inventory at the end of this quarter and at the end of the year? Also especially what are you doing to maybe offset that potential for them taking the other tranche, the $267 million even though it is a small part of your business impacted by the tariffs?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yes. I think as we look at it and I'll kind of answer your question in context of Q2, we feel we've made some pretty significant improvement in Q2. So, inventory down 7% year-over-year. When you lay that into the context of the brand with the growth of HOKA and Koolaburra, we've got inventory increasing their. So the improvement within the UGG brand is even more impressive than the 7%. So we think we've made good progress with inventory. I wouldn't factor this same level of improvements kind of in the next two quarters. It's something we were going to continue to work on. But with a big inventory being brought in and movement in this quarter and next quarter, we're pretty pleased with this result. I wouldn't kind of extrapolate these result yet on to the next two quarters. Yeah.
Sam Poser - Susquehanna Financial Group LLLP: All right. Thanks very much. Good luck.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Okay.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks Sam.
Operator: And this concludes our question-and-answer session. The conference is now concluded. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-07-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Erinn Kohler - Deckers Outdoor Corp. David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp. Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.
Analysts: Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Jonathan R. Komp - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. James Vincent Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC Christopher Svezia - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Rafe Jason Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Andrew Roberge - Guggenheim Securities LLC Janine Stichter - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands First Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Erinn Kohler, Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Planning.
Erinn Kohler - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Steve Fasching, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance including, but not limited to, our projected revenue, margins, expenses, earnings per share and operating profit improvement, as well as statements regarding our cost savings and restructuring plans and strategies for our products and brands. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Erinn, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I get into the details of another successful quarter, I'd like to recognize our CFO transition and thank Tom George for his nearly nine years of service to the Deckers organization. In his time here, he helped guide the transformation of the company from predominantly wholesale business to a multi-brand global omni-channel organization. I wish Tom all the best in his future endeavors. Furthermore, I would like to formally welcome Steve into his new role as CFO. I am confident that Steve will provide a seamless execution of our long-term strategic plan with a continued focus on profit improvement while driving the organization through its next phase of growth. Now turning to our results, our first quarter fiscal 2019 achieved record revenue for the period, reaching $251 million. We exceeded sales and EPS expectations as our brand portfolio continues to benefit from positive momentum, focused and strategic distribution, and a customer-driven, compelling product offering. On top of this, gross margins continue to benefit from improved full-price selling and the execution of our cost savings initiatives. These results demonstrate our continued focus on de-seasonalizing our UGG business and improving operations in our first quarter. For the first quarter, sales came in at $251 million, up 19% to last year and above the high end of our guidance range by $16 million. Non-GAAP loss per share was $0.98 compared to a loss of $1.28 last year. The sales beat was driven by approximately $10 million from the shipment of wholesale and distributor orders originally anticipated for the second quarter, strength in our UGG wholesale business both domestic and international stemming from strong spring/summer product performance, and Teva global wholesale as reorders came in above expectations. Starting with our Fashion Lifestyle group, UGG sales in the first quarter were up 19% over last year to $136 million, predominantly from the growth in the global wholesale channel followed by a positive contribution from the DTC channel. UGG brand strength continues to grow, and I am encouraged by the evolution of the spring/summer product offering driven by the women's sneaker and sandal categories, which both posted double-digit gains. Reorders also drove upside both in the U.S. and internationally with strong sell-through at our top accounts. On top of this, UGG was a top 10 spring/summer footwear brand at Nordstrom for the first time ever, which is a testament to the ongoing strategic partnership the team has developed with Nordstrom, the work the product team has put into the design and functionality of the offering, and the fact that the product is resonating with our consumers. The UGG spring/summer business also experienced improved full-price selling during the first quarter compared to years past, driving higher sales as well as gross margin gains. The sneaker and sandal business saw continued success in the quarter, with positive consumer adoption of new products. Specifically, we saw strong interest with spring/summer styles such as the Poppy, Holly, and Joan sandals. The strength of UGG's Spring Summer business in this past quarter demonstrates that our efforts on evolving the product offering and reaching new consumers is paying off and I'm optimistic that this signals our strategy of developing UGG into a year-round brand is working. Turning to the Performance Lifestyle group, HOKA ONE ONE had another excellent quarter both in U.S. and overseas with total sales growing 53% to $47 million. As I laid out in the last call, we see a long runway for growth internationally for the brand, and this was evidenced in the first quarter results as the international business was up significantly year-over-year. Domestic sales also increased substantially as the brand continues to take shelf space and market share as well as benefit from a more frequent replenishment cycle. The first quarter for HOKA was eventful as the brand launched the Clifton 5, the Torrent, and the Bondi 6. Starting with the Clifton 5, the launch was significant as a driver of a year-over-year growth with sell-through very strong for both men and women. Next, the Torrent is a new trail shoe that in the offering and is the most price accessible within our trail category, with positive initial feedback. And finally, the Bondi 6 launched at retail in July, with strong sell-in of the style in our fiscal first quarter. Also, this week at the Outdoor Retailer Show, HOKA was presented with the Gear of the Year award from Outside Magazine for the Mach road shoe. The Mach is a new release from the Fly Collection that we launched earlier this year, which is geared towards both the runner and the fitness enthusiast. The Fly Collection has brought new consumers into the brand and we are seeing strong conversion of both core styles and styles within the Fly Collection at both wholesale and our own DTC. As we continue to build the HOKA brand, the first quarter results are an indication that the product is resonating, we have partnered with the right retailers, and our digital marketing efforts are paying off with continued DTC gains. I am confident that HOKA is well-positioned to continue its growth trajectory and we have the right team in place to execute our long-term plans. Shifting to Teva, the brand had a strong quarter with sales up 6% to $40 million. Sales were accelerated in May in June, which drove reorders above expectations and produced strong gross margins gains over last year. The Hurricane XLT2 and Original Sandals performed well and drove the bulk of the volume. The brand continues to resonate with the younger consumer, and according to the market research firm YouGov, Teva brand impression in the U.S. with 18 to 34 year olds is up 21% in Q1 versus a year ago. Sanuk sales were down 7% in the quarter, in-line with our expectations which anticipated this year's top line would be impacted by the continued weakness in the U.S. surf specialty channel as well as the strategic pullback in certain international markets. That being said, the brand saw success with the new colorway offerings under the Yoga Sling franchise as well as the new Yoga Sling Cruz, the first closed-toe offering in the franchise, which is off to a strong start in our DTC channel. Moving to our performance by channel, wholesale increased 23% over last year. Domestic and international wholesale was up in the high-teens and high 20s, respectively. Strong reorders across UGG, HOKA, and Teva, along with $10 million of earlier-than-planned shipments, buoyed performance. Looking out to the remainder of the year and as I mentioned on the last call, our focus within the wholesale channel is to allocate and segment UGG classic product to better control inventory in the U.S. marketplace as well as capitalize on the international opportunity for HOKA. Next, DTC comparable sales increased 6%, with total DTC sales up 12% compared to last year's first quarter. This was led by strong performance from our E-commerce channel, where both UGG and HOKA contributed materially to the total growth. Our digital marketing efforts continue to foster a closer relationship with our consumers. For example, in just the past year, our UGG loyalty program membership has doubled, now reaching over 1 million members, and in the past four quarters, over 26% of our direct-to-consumer sales can be attributed to loyalty program participants. This is driving consumer retention, increasing the frequency and volume of repeat purchases, and we are pleased to see such positive engagement from our consumers. Overall, it was another strong quarter for Deckers, and I believe it reaffirmed that the strategic decisions we have made to drive the business towards healthy, profitable growth are working and we are on track to deliver on our fiscal 2019 guidance. Also, we are making great progress on our operating profit improvement plan, including the strides we have made to improve our supply chain, optimize our retail fleet, and capitalize on operational efficiencies. These actions, in combination with the momentum we have built in our brands, are leading us towards successful execution of our fiscal year 2020 targets. With that, I'll hand over the call to Steve, to provide more details on our first quarter financial performance and outlook for the second quarter and full fiscal year.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Before getting to our results, I'd also like to take a moment to thank Tom. His financial and operational leadership over the years has helped propel Deckers to a global leader in the footwear industry. It has been a pleasure working alongside Tom, and I wish him the best of luck in the future. As I now take on the CFO role, I remain focused on executing on our operating profit improvement plan and delivering on our long-term targets. This quarter is another example of the progress we are making, and I look forward to continuing to help drive the organization forward. With that said, I'd like to provide you with an update on our first quarter financial results as well as our outlook for the second quarter and full year. Please note that throughout this discussion where I refer to non-GAAP financial measures, I'm referring to results before taking into account nonrecurring charges that our management believes are not core to our ongoing operating results. Also note, our non-GAAP results are not adjusted for constant currency. A reconciliation between our reported GAAP results and the non-GAAP results can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our website under the Investors tab. Now, to our results. For the first quarter, as Dave mentioned, revenue was $251 million, up 19% to last year, above our high guidance of $235 million. The beat was driven by UGG global wholesale performance and spring/summer product reorders, which included some earlier-than-planned wholesale and distributor shipments and better-than-expected reorders for Teva. The largest drivers of the revenue upside to guidance were approximately $10 million from earlier-than-planned shipments to both domestic and international UGG customers and approximately $4 million from Teva, again, both domestic and international. Gross margins were up 270 basis points over last year to 45.9% and also better than our expectation. The main driver of the year-over-year increase were stronger DTC margins across all brands, foreign currency tailwind of approximately 100 basis points, improved gross margins in Teva in their second-largest sales volume quarter, and better full-price margins within UGG U.S. wholesale. Non-GAAP SG&A dollar spend was $154 million, up 6.2% from last year's $145 million. As a percent of revenue, non-GAAP SG&A expenses were 61.4% in the quarter, down from 69.1% last year. Non-GAAP loss per share came in at $0.98 compared to last year's loss of $1.28 and our guidance range of a loss of $1.50 to a loss of $1.41. The majority of the earnings per share beat was from timing of wholesale and distributor orders shipping earlier than previously anticipated as well as the shift in certain operating expenses to later in the year. Non-GAAP adjustments in the quarter were approximately $0.5 million and were primarily related to organizational changes. Our balance sheet at June 30 remained strong as cash and equivalents were $418 million, up from $280 million at June 30 of last year. Inventory was down 1% to $436 million from $442 million at the same time last year and similar to last year, as we had no short-term borrowings under our credit lines. During the quarter, we repurchased 86,000 shares of the company's common stock at an average price of $116.56 for a total of $10 million. Of the $400 million that was authorized by our board last year, $241 million remains available as of June 30, 2018. Now moving on to our outlook, for the second quarter of fiscal 2019, we expect revenue to be in the range of $485 million to $495 million and non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $1.60 to $1.70. For the full fiscal year 2019, we are raising our guidance to account for the better-than-expected performance in Q1. The upside we are flowing through to the full-year guidance is $5 million of revenue and $0.05 in earnings per share. We remain confident in our ability to execute on the balance of the year and have updated our full-year outlook to include revenue now in the range of $1.93 billion to $1.955 billion, gross margins slightly better than 49%, SG&A slightly better than 36.5% as we defer our first quarter savings to marketing efforts later in the year with operating margins between 12.6% to 12.8% and delivering non-GAAP earnings per share now in the range of $6.25 to $6.45 on a share count of 30.7 million. Our guidance for the second quarter in fiscal year 2019 excludes any potential non-GAAP charges, as well as the effect of any future share repurchases. Recognizing there have been recent movements in foreign currency exchange rates, we remain largely hedged and our updated guidance incorporates the impact of our exposure on any un-hedged amounts. Additionally, our guidance assumes an effective tax rate of approximately 22%. It is also worth mentioning that at this time we do not anticipate any financial impact due to the recently imposed tariffs, but we will continue to monitor tariff policy decisions as they evolve. Now, I'll turn the call back to Dave for his closing remarks.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Steve. Our results this past quarter and updated outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year further support my confidence in our ability to achieve our long-term fiscal 2020 targets. On top of this, the continued success of the UGG Spring Summer business and the impressive growth of the HOKA brand are proof that our areas of focus and investment are driving the business forward. Looking ahead, we will continue to ramp up our innovation and digital marketing efforts to optimize the potential of all our brands globally. I'm encouraged by our results for the first quarter, and I'm excited by the progress we continue to make in the business. This would not be possible if it were not for the exceptional employees of the Deckers organization, and I would like to thank all of them for another great quarter and for their dedication and execution in building our brands in today's global marketplace. With that, I'll turn the call back over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now begin the question-and-answer session. Our first question today will come from Camilo Lyon of Canaccord Genuity. Please go ahead.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey, good afternoon, guys.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Hey, Camilo.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thanks for taking my question. I had a couple questions, I wanted to touch on couple topics. Firstly, your inventory levels are incredibly clean. They have been very clean for the past couple quarters. You had some reorders in the spring business that you talked about. Can you just update us on your current thoughts now that we've fully worked through the first half of the year and are now starting to deliver products into the fall season and to your retail partners, how you view the channel, and how we should interpret the decline in inventory that you just posted as it relates to the back half guidance within the context of that decline of low-single-digit UGG growth that you had articulated last quarter?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Okay. Yeah. There's three questions in there. So, I'll answer the first one and then I'll hand it over to Steve. But good questions, Camilo. I think, as you know, we've been working hard on a couple of things related to inventory. One is, just making sure that our brands are healthy in the marketplace. So the first priority is making sure that we have more full-price selling, the right level of inventory to maintain the strength of the brand in the marketplace, and be clean coming out of each season going to the next season. So, I'm proud of the work the teams have done. We feel really good about the inventory levels that we have internally but also the inventory across all brands in the marketplace. And I think the indications of sell-through for spring 2018 that we just went through in Q1 indicate that we should be coming out heading into fall holiday season in good shape with UGG. And I can let Steve speak to the specifics, but I think you'll see as we continue to work on the inventory levels, getting a stronger handle on UGG with the allocation and segmentation strategies and making sure that we're fueling the growth in the emerging brands at the same time is going to cause that to rebalance a little bit by brand. But overall, we're feeling good. I'll let Steve take it to the details.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. So just on the inventory, right, Camilo, as you mentioned, with increasing sales we're showing improvement in inventory down little over 1%. Embedded in that we've made really good progress with our UGG inventory management so clearly down more than that. It's being partially offset by increases from our growing brands, so being HOKA and Koolaburra where we have those brands growing pretty significantly this year. We're seeing increased inventory as we begin to prepare for fulfilling those orders. And in terms of how we see this as a setup for the year, improvement in inventory management going into the season, inventory in the channel as we see it and reported back to us is very clean. I think also when we look at the fact that we did have $10 million of orders move up a little bit earlier so into Q1 from Q2 indicates, again, how clean the inventory is in the channel and that we've got wholesalers who want our product and taking it a little bit earlier. So, from an inventory standpoint, we think we're well positioned to get after the year. I think the quarter kind of, again, demonstrates the success that we've had with our spring/summer product and the inventory that we're carrying around that, good strong sell-in, and then we're also seeing good, strong sell-through in the quarter. And then we'll continue to bring inventory in, as we build to the big part of our season, but we think we're in a good position.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah and just one other thing that I think will help over time is, we are starting to implement a level loading approach to the factories and much more management of timing of orders coming instead of preloading big seasons with classics to improve our turns more of a level loading approach and bringing the inventory over the season versus bringing it up front. And I think that'll help improvements in turns over time. With regards to the inventory and then the guidance towards the back half of the year of Q3 for UGG, right now that remains unchanged. We still feel like that's the right guidance. The inventory levels support that. And I think we spoke on the last call about the puts and takes of the allocation strategy, the segmentation strategy, and a bit of an adjustment for weather that we had last year into the guidance. So that remains the same, and I think we're in good position from an inventory standpoint to deliver that.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thank you for that detail. If I could follow up, I can't remember historically if there's ever been a time when you've had, when the UGG brand has had spring reorders? I could be wrong on that, but certainly in the last handful of years, maybe five-plus, there hasn't been that dynamic. Clearly better product, but also it seems like there's just a better underlying demand backdrop. So, is that – is the strength of demand in the spring/summer season changing at all? How your wholesale partners viewed their initial orders with you for the fall/winter season, such that maybe they're realizing that they under-ordered, or might be caught short of inventory if things play out as maybe the first half has?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. It's a great question. I think we have had some orders in spring and summer in the past, but it wasn't necessarily spring and summer product. It would have been more kind of classic or slippers, or continuity product. This is, what's encouraging about this is we're getting some reorders, and the volumes are still small in the scheme of things but in true spring/summer product in a marketplace we're up against some tough competition. So, I think that does speak to obviously the strength of the product, and I think if you look at what's on offer from UGG now compared to what was on offer two years ago, it's dramatically different and much more commercial but also stronger DNA of the brand. And I think it also speaks to the momentum we're making in reaching a newer, younger consumer through our marketing efforts, repositioning of the brand. Again, I think if you look at this from a customer's perspective, it's a different brand presentation in the marketplace than it was a couple years ago. And I think you're starting to see those impact the belief in the UGG brand from our key wholesale accounts and hence the reorders that we saw.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: That's great. And then just one more, if I could sneak it in. Steve, you mentioned that there was some OpEx that got pushed out into the year. Would you just provide a little bit more detail on what that was and how much of that was pushed out?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. So, in terms of what you're seeing on the OpEx beat in Q1, largely marketing and there are a few other things that were falling into that. So, what we're going to do is – with the strong revenue we see that as an opportunity to move some of that marketing expense into the back half of the year. So what we've done is kind of moved, redeployed some of that marketing dollars that we had in Q1 moving really to the back half of the year. And so that's really the kind of the bulk of the difference. There's some other – a few other kind of puts and takes largely timing-related, but the big component I would say is marketing expense.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, and the focus of that marketing shift will be UGG's Spring and Summer in men's and driving the HOKA opportunity in a bigger way in the end of Q3 into Q4 heading into FY 2020.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Got it. Great start to the year. Good luck with the fall/winter season, guys. Thank you.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Camilo.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Camilo.
Operator: Our next question will come from Regan Corcoran of Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan R. Komp - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Yeah, hi. It's actually Jon Komp from Baird. Just wanted to ask Dave...
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Hey, Jon.
Jonathan R. Komp - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Hey, everybody. Maybe just going back to some of the discussion you just had, Dave, but when you step back and look at the UGG momentum you're seeing, is there any way to kind of talk through how you're viewing the contributors to that strength between some of the marketing and brand repositioning, maybe how you see the drivers overall for UGG specifically?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, I think it's multifaceted, Jon. It's a combination of marketplace strategy with regards to kind of core product and continuity product, making sure that we have the right inventory levels in the marketplace, that we are with the right accounts, and that our segmentation strategy is making us meaningful to each account, specifically to their consumer needs. And as you know, we've been working on that for a couple years. I think Stefano and his team have done an incredible job with that particularly in North America, which needed a lot of work, and I think you're seeing the results of that now. And on the brand side, Andrea and the design teams over there and the marketing teams have really done a great job of repositioning the brand to a new consumer with a fresh, new perspective of the brand but also maintaining the connection through our digital marketing efforts and our loyalty program to our core customers at the same time. So – and when you do that, it becomes incremental. And when you bring in new heat and energy to the brand combined with the excitement in the new product and the innovation that we're bringing to the marketplace, I think that's going to continue to drive opportunity for the brand long-term. The third part of that is really going after younger consumer, and that's been a journey we've been on over the last 18, 24 months, again, with product, with marketing, with PR influencers, events, leveraging all those, and some of the collaborations. But also cultivating these new accounts that we talked about in the past such as Footaction, SIX:02, Urban Outfitters, ASOS, et cetera. The heavy lifting that the teams have done to cultivate those opportunities is starting to pay off, and I think that's great and it speaks to the opportunity both in men's and women's for incremental growth going forward.
Jonathan R. Komp - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. And then maybe one other related to the margin picture, kind of a bigger-picture question not maybe specifically on the first quarter, but just over the last several quarters given the progress you've made towards the 13% operating margin goal. Steve, I'm wondering if you have any color, kind of bigger-picture where the opportunities might be to drive upside versus those targets over time, and how you're thinking about both the potential drivers and also maybe kind of the timing over the next few years, if you're able to capture any of those?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, I think – good question, Jon. I think as we're looking at it, one, we're confident in the progress that we've made, and I think the quarter kind of, again, demonstrates the path that we're on marching to that long-term target where we've said by FY 2020 13% operating margins. So I think first off, we want to get there. We're well on our way. We've identified really the areas that are going to help drive that. It's more corporate efficiencies; some of our retail store optimization will drive that improvement. So that's kind of top of mind, continuing to drive that. I think beyond that, it's still early. We're going to still work through our long-range plan. But as we then begin to look beyond that and see some sales growth, there's more efficiencies within our overhead spend and then an ability to lever that spend as we get to more kind of more robust revenue growth. So first off, kind of let's get to our targets that we've set. We're well on our way. A lot of confidence about how we're getting there and what we're doing, and then beyond that, kind of finding efficiencies but then creating leverage as we get to more robust revenue growth in the future.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. And just to add on to that, I think as Steve said, committed to the 2020 targets of 13%, we're laser-focused on that. And beyond that, it'll be a balance of continuing to show earnings accretion but at the same time making sure that we're investing in the opportunities and the brands through our omni-channel network that we've built globally. We see tremendous opportunity still in the brands, particularly HOKA as a main growth driver, and we want to make sure that we are feeling that opportunity as well as maintaining a healthy operating margin.
Jonathan R. Komp - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc.: Understood. Thank you. I'll pass it on.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Okay. Thanks.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Jon.
Operator: Our next question will come from Jim Duffy of Stifel. Please go ahead.
James Vincent Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks. Hello, everyone. Steve, you're off to a good start.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Hey, Jim.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Hey, Jim. Yeah.
James Vincent Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: The...
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: I'll take it.
James Vincent Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I'm hoping you can speak to expectations for share repurchase? I believe the $400 million objective you'd set a timeline by the end of fiscal 2020. Do you still expect to be on that timeline?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. We haven't given kind of any more details on that, but yeah, absolutely we're on that timeline. We continue to see that as an attractive way to return value to shareholders. When you look at the numbers and what we're delivering, we think it's a great way to deliver some of that value back to our shareholders. So on track for that. As you mentioned, we have $241 million left as of June 30 and with the intention that that would be completed by the end of FY 2020.
James Vincent Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. And then the strength in spring/summer styles, I'm curious to the seasonal relevance of those. With the traction you're seeing there, are those products that you think could make a contribution into fiscal second quarter and fiscal third quarter as well be additive to the volumes?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Some of them. The real key drivers of the growth were in sneakers and sandals. And so, we have a great sneaker called the Sammy that has showed continued strength over the last couple quarters and also goes into early Q2 into beginning of Q3, with new iterations of that. The Tye sneaker is another example of something or a style that could be significant in that quarter as well. And then some of the hybrid slipper/shoe styles such as the Haylie and the Lane, those are styles that have relevance in the quarter, but when you start getting into real UGG season, the impact they'll have on the top line will be less so important, but there are styles that have that kind of longevity that we can do meaningful business over couple quarters at a time.
James Vincent Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Great. Then the final one for me, how about just an update on the state of your retail operations? Thoughts on fleet management, are you guys feeling any differently about your own stores as part of the go-to-market strategy?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: You know maintaining the strategy that we talked about, we're continuing to drive towards optimizing the fleet. The long-term targets are fleet, four-wall contribution above 20%. We're well on the way to do that. Pleased with the progress the teams have made around optimizing labor, elevating the presentation and storytelling in the store, improving the inventory of the merchandizing through SKU count management and logistics to the store. So, we're still charging forward with that plan, and I also think that we're making good progress on some lease negotiations that are helping out, improve the profitability of those stores. And so, the targets that we've set late – about 18 months ago we're executing against that; at this point, evaluating it but no real change in long-term strategy.
James Vincent Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: That's very good.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: And I just think – yeah, Jim, on that we are seeing improvements in the retail store performance so...
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, yeah.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: ...part of the performance that you're seeing come through, too, is driven by improvement that we're seeing on the retail front. It's driving DTC.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: And traffic for the last couple quarters is improving to the levels it has been. It's not necessarily positive every quarter yet but at least it seems to be leveling out and we're getting some gains through ASP and conversion.
James Vincent Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Very good. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question will come from Dana Telsey with Telsey Advisory Group. Please go ahead.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Good afternoon, everyone. As you think about the wholesale business, any update or color on the international wholesale business and order trends versus what you're seeing in the U.S. wholesale business and order trends? Is there a difference and does it differ amongst the brands? And then also, can you talk a little bit about the international business regarding your other brands? I know that Sanuk was resetting itself and obviously some have higher or lower growth of international exposure on the e-commerce side. Thank you.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, Dana. This is Dave. I can speak a little bit. The international business has been healthy for us. I think from an order perspective speaking to Europe we're seeing continued strength and opportunity in the Germany market still a big opportunity from a reach and also penetration in that market for the UGG brand. The U.K. tends to – is trending a little bit slower right now. They've had some macro issues going on in that marketplace. And we need to make sure we're investing enough marketing dollars to drive the opportunity in resetting the brand there as we have done in the North American marketplace so, we're focused on that. China continues to be a strength for the UGG brand. Our own doors there, the e-commerce business, our partner doors, all performing well. We've made some investments in key celebrities to promote the brand in that marketplace and that's paying off and very pleased with the presentation of the brand in that marketplace. Teva and Sanuk, obviously we did say, we pulled back on Sanuk to focus on North America. Similar story with Teva, although, we are seeing some opportunity in Europe and Japan as well but we're not really aggressively going after those opportunities in lieu of the opportunity that we see with HOKA. HOKA strength in Europe is strong on a growth perspective. Still a lot of opportunity from a volume perspective to have a bigger impact. But the order books are very healthy there as well as Japan. And so, I think really it's consistent by market where Germany seems to be a real strong opportunity for both brands of course, and then China. But the UGG brand is more challenged if anywhere in the U.K. market at the moment.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Got it. And then just as you think about the order trends of UGG and the pull forward that you have, is this just a onetime shift or is sell-through better than expected driving faster reorders?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. I think, yeah, as we look at it, we saw some of this happen last year actually in the quarter. We actually saw a little bit more last year than this year. I think it's an indication of how clean the channel has been. And there is kind of a result of this sell-through that we're seeing. So, we're seeing sell-through, which is creating reorders and customers wanting product a little bit earlier.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Got it. And is your pricing changing at all? Any change in pricing that we should know for the upcoming season?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: No. Nothing significant. We are in the process of bringing to market more competitive priced products, but that really starts in spring 2019. So, for Q3 this autumn/winter no major changes in pricing.
Dana Lauren Telsey - Telsey Advisory Group LLC: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Chris Svezia of Wedbush. Please go ahead.
Christopher Svezia - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Thank you, everyone, for taking my questions. And Steve, congratulations to you as well.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yes.
Christopher Svezia - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: I guess first just on thoughts around cancellations and reorders as you go into holiday? I think previously you anticipated slightly higher cancelation rate versus reorder. Is that still the thought process or how do you think about that right now?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. That's still the thought process. So, no change in terms of that thinking.
Christopher Svezia - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. That's an easy one. Okay. Gross margin, I'll make it a little harder for you, Steve. So gross margin, I'm just curious, up 270 basis points in the first quarter. You said 100 basis points is FX. I would assume pull-forward of some business also potentially help that margin. Just how do we think about it going forward? You outperform Q1, you left sort of the outlook for the year unchanged.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Right.
Christopher Svezia - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Just maybe walk through cadence or any other color you can add about how we think about it?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. Sure. So, I think your – we saw a big jump in Q1. We haven't really assumed much change from what we said from the original guidance. So, kind of no change there. You won't necessarily see – you won't see the same level of FX, right? So, on Q1 it was a big impact. That was because the year-over-year rates were more significant in terms of the change. What we expect at current levels is we kind of get closer to what the other quarters were last year, so you're not going to have that same level of increase due to FX. We still expect a little bit of improvement through supply chain initiatives. That's what's helping drive some of that improvement and in fact I think when we get to the back half – we haven't given details on that but there will be some FX pressure that will be a headwind for us kind of in the back half as it relates to FX. So, that's kind of how you get to where we're at on a full year basis, not changing from what we've previously said. A little bit more supply chain initiative improvements that will happen over the next couple of quarters. As we get to the back half of the year there will be a little bit of FX pressure. And one of the things that we did see kind of in Q1 that also contributed was really good full price selling. One of the things that we have in our guidance, as you mentioned, was not changing the thoughts around promotion and closeout business. So, assuming more of that this year than what we had last year that will also be a headwind on some of the gross margins in the latter half of the year.
Christopher Svezia - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay. And then just finally, DTC. Just the comp expectations for the year, strong in Q1. Just how do we think about that for the balance of the year? What's your guidance again for the year?
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. DTC comp for the year is still flat to last year. So, we had positive low-single-digits that we're guiding on Q2 and then kind of mid-single-digit, 6% DTC in Q1 and for the year kind of flattish assumption.
Christopher Svezia - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Got it. All right. Thank you very much. I appreciate it, and all the best.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Sure. Thanks, Chris.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Chris.
Operator: Our next question will come from Rafe Jadrosich of Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Rafe Jason Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thanks for taking my questions. I was wondering if you could speak a little more about some of the momentum you're seeing in HOKA. And then are you driving the growth through category expansion, or are you adding more distribution or doors?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, I can speak to that. So, it's a number of things that are at play here. One is you're seeing some of our bestselling styles like the Bondi now on its sixth iteration, which has deeper penetration in existing accounts. So we're continuing to take market share for example in the run specialty accounts in North America as well as Europe, as well as some expanded distribution coming out of Europe that is really starting to kick in. And that's the same for the Clifton, which is on its fifth iteration and a new introduction of product this year; the Torrent, which is our most accessible priced trail shoe that just launched which is doing very well, and some of the Mach Collection that we delivered at the end of Q4 into Q1. So that new product or new introductions is helping us penetrate in existing distribution, and at the same time primarily driven out of the European market, we are broadening our reach both in channel but also country and market and reaching new consumers. And those two components of improving on existing bestsellers and then strategic introductions in the new categories focused on distinct consumers is what's driving the growth of that brand.
Rafe Jason Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And then on – can you talk a little bit about the margins for HOKA? Is it profitable yet? And then how do you expect the margins to progress as that brand continues to grow?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: I'll let Steve speak to the margins.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. So, as we see with HOKA, very good gross margins. What we've said is kind of similar gross margins in the wholesale channel that we see with UGG, so very, very strong gross margins. As a mix of business has an impact on the overall business, so with HOKA having a higher proportion of wholesale...
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: ...but in like channels, HOKA matches up very well with our best-performing margin brands, especially UGG. And the other compelling component about HOKA clearly is we get more return business and reorder business online. We get really good e-commerce margins through the HOKA replenishment cycle. So, really pleased with margins that we're getting with HOKA, and they are helping drive profitability in the business.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. And one of the advantages of the Deckers model and the portfolio of brands and leveraging our infrastructure is that we can run the HOKA business relatively lean in leveraging some of the operations that we already have in place for the UGG business over the years. The brand is profitable. It's doing very well from a profit expectation standpoint, despite the over-investment in marketing dollars. So – which I think is important from a sustainability standpoint. When you think about a lot of the digital brands that are having success right now and driving a lot of volume online, they're doing that at expense of profitability because they're over-investing in marketing. We're managing that closely. The teams are doing a great job of leveraging the marketing dollars in a big way, but also being efficient in how we develop product, bring it to market, and I think that's going to serve us well over time. And the other component that will help over time with the margin, the net margin, is a higher growth rate in the e-commerce channel. At the same time, wholesale is growing, which we know is healthier margins as well.
Rafe Jason Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then one more on – a follow-up on UGG. Can you update us on the store rationalization, the wholesale door rationalization? Then at the end of the – the stores that are closing this year, do you anticipate further – any further closures? And can you just update us on some of the newer distribution like Macy's?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. That's – the rationalization, the heavy lifting, the real heavy lifting of that is most likely behind us. I think the teams are continuing to evaluate what the right amount of stores is for particularly North America. We have closed a few hundred doors over the last 18 months, and are really focusing on the top 15 strategic accounts that are driving the majority of the volume. We'll continue to do that. And I think naturally there'll be some accounts that will close on their own, just continuing through the marketplace disruption that's happening out there, and some that we will make a decision over time. But the real heavy lifting of that is behind us. I'm encouraged and excited about the strategic focus on the top 15 accounts. And then some of the new accounts that we've been cultivating, which I mentioned, Footaction and SIX:02, and this will be the first fall the UGG brand will be sold in the Foot Locker banner. That hasn't happened before, so that's a great opportunity for us going forward. And some of the online players like ASOS in the European market, those accounts for us are small, but I think they present tremendous opportunity and being helped by the fact that we are cleaning up distribution in the marketplace and employing more of a segmentation product strategy into the marketplace as well.
Rafe Jason Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Bob Drbul of Guggenheim Securities. Please go ahead.
Andrew Roberge - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hi. Good afternoon. This is Andrew Roberge on for Bob. I guess our question is how are your brands performing with your online wholesale accounts? And can you quantify what that penetration level is of the wholesale? And maybe where it will connect over time? Thanks.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. I think generally speaking across all the brands in the online pure plays as well as some of the online accounts through some of our key wholesale partners, they're all doing well. But we are managing that closely, and making sure that we look at the full marketplace not just at a total level but also by an e-commerce with brick-and-mortar perspective. Generally speaking, I don't have the specifics by brand that I can share with how much they're doing on third-party online business, but I can tell you that the UGG business, between our own e-commerce and third-party e-commerce including Amazon and Zappos, is roughly around the 50% level in North America. Very healthy and I think that's a strength that we can continue to build on going forward.
Andrew Roberge - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Okay. Great. And I guess our last question is, you guys talked about how part of your cost of sales improvement would come from moving production out of China. Can you just update us on where you are in that process? I know you talked about supply chain already but is that part of that and is there still more to be done there?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. It's a great question particularly as these tariff conversations continue to loom. We've been working over the last 18 months, David Lafitte our COO and his teams have done a great job of mitigating risk from a tariff perspective but also allowing us to gain some improvements in margin through the migration out of China. And I'm pleased to say that now we have about a third of our production is in China, which is a dramatic improvement from where we were a couple of years ago. That will continue to come down. We're still looking at opportunities to further migrate out of China. And so we're very pleased with how that's working. And I will say, from a FY 2019 perspective if there were any changes in tariffs we feel that we've mitigated risks by bringing some inventory a little bit earlier in line with the quarter expectations. But the work the teams have done over the last 18-24 months to afford us some better margins and also to mitigate risk is very strong.
Andrew Roberge - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from Randy Konik of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Janine Stichter - Jefferies LLC: Hi. This is Janine Stichter on for Randy. A couple questions. I wanted to ask about inventory levels. They seem very lean so just any color you can give about how you're feeling about level of inventory. And then also I just wanted to get a little bit more color on the product segmentation strategy. You alluded to it but what inning do you think you're in here and what kind of response are you getting from your wholesale partners? Thank you.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. So, I'll just go back on the inventory. I think we answered most of that with the first question. But again, we see inventory moving in the right direction down a little over 1% this year compared to last year. Bigger reductions in UGG as we continue to improve the inventory management with our UGG brand. We did see increases with HOKA and Koolaburra but that's associated with the sales increases that we're seeing, as we build those brands and deliver more product in the upcoming quarters.
Steven J. Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah and from a segmentation and allocation standpoint the feedback from our wholesale accounts has been very positive. This is a win-win strategic play for us because we get to have each account with something specific or special to them and their consumer and who they're going after. And also segment from a good, better, best perspective in the marketplace. So, for example, this fall we've segmented the Bailey Bow to premium doors and DTC versus a year ago it was in all accounts. So if anybody asks for it, we would sell it to them last year. This year, we're segmenting it to specific accounts, and that gives them something that's unique to their distribution that they can really get behind, and help segment the marketplace overall. So, it's working well for us. You know, again, we need to continue down the path of developing specific product for each of those accounts and each of those channels, which takes a little bit of time due to our go-to-market pipeline. But the early days of that work is proving to be successful and I think that's going to be a key way of working closer with our top 15 strategic partners, and better managing the marketplace for the long term.
Janine Stichter - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, at this time we will conclude our question-and-answer session, and this will also conclude the Deckers Brands First Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. Thank you for attending today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-05-25 16:30:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Decker Brands fourth quarter fiscal year and 2018 earnings conference call. At the time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. [Operator Instructions]. I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Steve Fasching, Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy, Planning and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Steve Fasching: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance including, but not limited to, our projected revenue, margins, expenses, earnings per share and operating profit improvement as well as statements regarding our cost savings and restructuring plans and strategies for our products and brands. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent management's current expectations and are based on information available at the time such statements are made. Forward-looking statements involve numerous known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
David Powers: Thanks, Steve, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'm excited to share with you the details of another strong quarter, which represents a great finish to a solid fiscal year 2018. We are very pleased with our recent performance and believe these results demonstrate further progress on our transformation efforts. For the first part of our call, I will discuss our performance by brand and channel and then hand over the call to Tom for a review of our financial results. Then, we will switch gears to discuss our initial outlook for fiscal 2019 as well as the strategic priorities the organization is focused on. Before diving in, I would like to start by saying how encouraged I am with the progress that we have made in our operating profit improvement plan that we laid out a year ago, which included optimizing input costs, consolidating our factory base, improving corporate process efficiencies and indirect spend and transforming the marketplace to rationalizing our wholesale account base and optimizing our retail store fleet. These initiatives are the fundamental drivers of our fiscal year 2020 targets, with sales reaching $2 billion, operating margin increasing to at least 13%, and returns on invested capital improving to north of 20%. To achieve these goals, management tasked the organization with aggressive objectives at the beginning of fiscal 2018. And looking at the results, it is evident that the team has successfully executed on our plans. For the year, the company delivered a record revenue of $1.9 billion, a gross margin improvement of 220 basis points, operating expense leverage of 90 basis points, all resulting in non-GAAP operating margin of 12.4% versus 9.2% last year, and well ahead of our initial guidance of 10.5%. On top of these strong financial results, the company also repurchased $150 million of stock, returning meaningful value to shareholders. While we did benefit from favorable weather conditions compared with the previous two years, we also accelerated elements of our improvement efforts. We still have work ahead of us to complete our transformation plan. But that said, given these results, I am more confident than ever that we are well-positioned to achieve our long-term objectives. So, with that, let's start with a brief overview of our performance. Revenue in the quarter was up over 8% of to $401 million and non-GAAP EPS came in at $0.50 compared to $0.11 last year. For the full year, as I mentioned, revenue was a record $1.9 billion, up 6% while non-GAAP operating income was up 43% to $236 million and non-GAAP EPS increased 50% to $5.74, also a record. Looking at performance by group. Within the fashion lifestyle group, UGG had a strong quarter with sales up 6% to $257 million, largely due to better-than-expected sales in the global DTC channel, with positive contributions from both retail and online. Helping fuel the sales beat was favorable weather late in the seasons that drove more full price selling of cold-weather product combined with a strong selling of the spring summer of 2018 line. For the year, UGG sales increased 4%, cracking the $1.5 billion mark, with international wholesale and global e-commerce accounting for the majority of the gains. During the year, the brand saw success with a renewed trend in the classic mini, continued strong growth of the men's Neumel and benefited from consumers choosing to wear their UGG slippers year-round. Over the past several years, the UGG team has made progress on deseasonalizing the business with a focus on the spring and summer product offering. As evidenced, the initial reaction to the spring-summer 2018 line has been positive, and sell-in is up high single digits to last year, while season to date sell-through at our top US wholesale partners is strong. From a sell-in perspective and consistent with our strategy, women's sneakers and sandals are both up double-digits season to date. We saw success with our current spring and summer season, driven by newer accounts, adopting a broader assortment of our product offering. Also, UGG brand heat is on the rise, as according YouGov, brand impressions in the US with 18 to 34-year-olds is the highest it's been since the company started tracking UGG in 2013. These trends demonstrate the success we're having engaging consumers through focused and targeted digital marketing. They are also the result of delivering compelling products that resonate with younger consumers. Next, Koolaburra continues to track ahead of plan as revenues more than doubled in the year to $18, million driven by strong full-price sell-through at major accounts. Our initial strategy for the brand was to determine marketplace demand for the product in the family footwear channel. And as you can see by our results, the first two seasons have been very positive and we see an ability to continue to take market share and drive healthy profitable growth. Switching gears to our performance lifestyle group, first, HOKA's explosive growth continued in 2018 with sales increasing 47% to $153 million, with the fourth quarter up 34%. These exceptional results are due to the brand's dedication to developing innovative and technical footwear that resonates with the authentic running community. Styles like the Clifton and Bondi, which embody the brand's ethos, continue to be bestsellers. The Speed Go to which recently won the Editor's Choice Award from Runner's World and Trail Runner demonstrates the success of innovation within the brand and is now a top-selling style as well. On top of this, HOKA recently launched collaborations with Outdoor Voices and Engineered Garments. The Outdoor Voices partnership introduced a special edition, Clifton 4 collection that will tie together performance-based and active lifestyle brands. This collection reflects the growing popularity of versatile footwear that blends athletic performance with everyday lifestyle. The partnership with Engineered Garments introduces a special line of our Hupana style to reach men and women who incorporate fashion and design into their fitness lifestyle. Over the last few years, HOKA has also seen growth through category expansion. The brand launched a product from the dynamic stability category and these styles have quickly become an important element of the overall offering. For the spring, HOKA launched a fly collection, which has brought new consumers into the brand and is geared towards both the core runner and the everyday fitness enthusiast. Within the US, HOKA's wholesale business was up nearly 40% on the year and the brand became a top five brand in two leading specialty accounts, Fleet Feet Sports and JackRabbit Sports. This was combined with meaningful growth in our own e-commerce business in the US. Domestically, we will continue to drive growth by working with our wholesale partners to strategically expand HOKA's presence in brick-and-mortar, while at the same time offering a seamless digital experience as consumers migrate online for their replenishment needs. On the international front, HOKA sales were up over 50% for the year, with the largest share coming from Europe. Looking forward, Europe represents the largest near-term opportunity for growth, with the APAC region beginning to ramp up. We're seeing early and organic adoption of the brand in APAC and continue to see significant opportunities down the road as we build brand awareness. Turning to Teva and Sanuk, I am encouraged by both brands' overachievement of their profitability targets for fiscal year 2018 as gross margin and contribution were up significantly over last year and above expectations. Both brands play an integral role in the portfolio. And combined with HOKA, the performance lifestyle group provides counter-seasonal business to our fashion lifestyle group. For Teva, sales were up 13% on the year to $134 million, driven by high teens growth in the US e-commerce business. On the product side, the brand recently introduced the Hurricane XLT 2, which was an update to the original Hurricane. This shoe is a staple in the Teva lineup and the improved design and functionality is driving slightly higher price points and margins. With the brand's focus on leveraging the core heritage of the originals franchise, we are fostering relationship with the new and younger consumer. Turning to Sanuk, sales for the year were down just under 1% to $91 million. The result was driven by mid-single digit growth in US wholesale, offset by the planned decline internationally as the brand is in the process of resetting its distribution. We also significantly reduced the amount of closeouts in an effort to clean up the marketplace and drive margin improvements. On the product front, Sanuk introduced [indiscernible] in the fourth quarter, an important update to our sidewalk surfer franchise and it was also met with positive market response. Now, moving to channel performance, total company wholesale sales increased 2% in the quarter and 6% for the year. The year's results saw mid-teen growth internationally and low-single digits domestically. The initiatives we've undertaken to clamp the marketplace and fuel a higher proportion of full price sales is bearing fruit. And combined with the continued growth of UGG men's, UGG spring and summer, HOKA and Koolaburra, we are offsetting headwinds of the ongoing account rationalization and soft foot traffic at certain brick-and-mortar retailers. Shifting to our direct to consumer channel, DTC comps increased 15% for the quarter, driven by positive results across both retail and online. For the year, the total comp increased 7%. DTC sales increased 18% in the quarter and 7% on the year on continued strength of our e-commerce platform. Our international online business achieved over $100 million in sales during the year as the continued shift of marketing spend to digital pays dividends in the form of incremental sales with a strong return on investment. As I reflect back on the year, I am proud to say that the team delivered exceptional results that exceeded our initial targets despite the many challenges the organization faced. As part of our transformation efforts, we drove a healthy gross margin improvement and SG&A leverage, delivering a significant increase in profitability and return on invested capital. While we did benefit from weather during the year, our overall fiscal 2018 results showed excellent progress on our long-term objectives. With that, I'll hand the call over to Tom to provide details on the fourth quarter and fiscal 2018 financial results as well as our initial outlook on the first quarter and full year fiscal 2019.
Thomas George: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I will take you through our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2018 results in greater detail and provide our initial outlook for the first quarter and fiscal year 2019. Please note, throughout this discussion, where I refer to non-GAAP financial measures, I am referring to results before taking into account restructuring and other charges that our management believes are not core to our ongoing operating results. Also note our non-GAAP results are not adjusted for constant currency. A reconciliation between our reported GAAP results and the non-GAAP results can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our website under the Investors tab. Now to our results for the fourth quarter. Revenue was $401 million, up over 8% from last year and above the midpoint of our guidance range by $28 million. The better-than-expected performance was driven by our UGG global DTC business, as Dave mentioned, with positive contributions from both online and retail, HOKA US wholesale and UGG European wholesale. Gross margin was 48%, up 500 basis points over last year. The gain in gross margin was largely due to fewer closeout sales and an improved promotional environment in the quarter, which contributed 160 basis points, continued realization of significant progress on our supply chain improvements worth approximately 170 basis points and 120 basis points from FX, with the balance being driven by favorable channel mix. Non-GAAP SG&A expense was $173 million, up from $154 million last year. The year-over-year increase was impacted by an increase incentive compensation due to better-than-expected sales and profitability and higher marketing and sales related expenses. Non-GAAP EPS came in at $0.50 compared to our guidance range of $0.15 to $0.20 and $0.11 last year. Now to sum up our fiscal 2018. Revenue was $1.9 billion, up over 6% from last year. The UGG and HOKA brands contributed the bulk of the year-over-year increase, up $56 million and $49 million respectively. And included in these figures is a $12 million benefit from FX. Gross margin was 48.9%, up 220 basis points over last year. The gain in gross margin was primarily due to 120 basis points from supply chain improvements, 40 basis points from FX and the balance from a less promotional environment, resulting in fewer closeout sales and a higher proportion of full-price selling. Non-GAAP SG&A expense was $695 million, up from $670 million last year. As a percentage of revenue, SG&A improved 90 basis points to 36.5% from 37.4% despite incentive compensation up over $30 million to last year. Non-GAAP operating income increased 43% to $236 million from $166 million last year, while operating margin increased 320 basis points to 12.4%. Non-GAAP EPS came in at $5.74 compared to our guidance range of $5.37 to $5.42 and $3.82 last year. For the year, non-GAAP adjustments were $14 million and was related to the proxy contest, the board's consideration of strategic alternatives, retail store closures and transfers, as well as other organizational changes. Turning to our balance sheet, we ended fiscal 2018 with $430 million in cash compared to $292 million last year. Our year-end balance includes a shift from international to domestic cash as a result of repatriating $250 million. It is also worth noting that our cash balance is net of shares repurchased. Inventories were essentially flat at $300 million compared to our sales growth of over 6% for the year. We had no short-term debt outstanding under our credit lines. And on a pro forma basis, our calculated return on invested capital improved to over 19%. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.34 million shares of the company's common stock for a total of $125 million. Combined with earlier repurchases, the total amount repurchased in fiscal 2018 was $150 million, ahead of our previously-stated intention of $100 million. Of the $400 million that was authorized by our board last year, $251 million remains authorized and outstanding as of March 31, 2018. Therefore, we will continue to evaluate our capital allocation strategy and view share repurchase as an attractive option to drive shareholder value as we continue to execute on our transformation plans. Switching gears, our global backlog inclusive of bulk orders showed an increase year-over-year at March 31. If our backlog had included bulk orders last year, this would represent an increase of approximately 4% on a comparable basis. As a reminder, our backlog at March 31 only includes orders from wholesalers and distributors for delivery in April through December and only represents about a third of our total revenue for the year. The figure does not include our company DTC sales, all of the fourth quarter or any future orders we may book such as at-once orders or closeouts. Finally, moving on to our outlook for fiscal year 2019, we have made some strategic decisions that better positions the company to compete in today's marketplace and build the organization for the future. While these will create some topline headwinds in the current year, we still expect to achieve overall revenue growth. For fiscal 2019, we expect revenue to be in the range of $1.925 billion to $1.95 billion, which represents year-over-year growth of roughly 2%. And as we have accelerated many of our gross margin transformation efforts into fiscal 2018, we expect gross margins to improve to slightly better than 49% in fiscal 2019. We also continue to improve SG&A as a percentage of revenue and expect it to be slightly better than 36.5%. We expect operating margin to be in the range of 12.6% to 12.8%. We're projecting an effective tax rate of approximately 22%, with diluted earnings per share between $6.20 and $6.40 and capital expenditures to be between $35 million and $40 million. Our fiscal 2019 guidance excludes any charges that may occur from additional store closures and other restructuring charges and does not include the impact of additional share repurchases. Fiscal 2019 revenue expectations by brand are as follows. UGG is expected to be down low single digits as growth is being offset by the allocation and segmentation of the classics franchise that will be implemented for fall 2018, the continued rationalization of the wholesale account base and further store closures. The anticipated impact of these decisions is approximately $50 million. HOKA growing in the mid-20% range, fueled by both US and international expansion. Teva down high single digits, largely due to the cleanup of international distribution as we convert EMEA to a distributor model. And Sanuk, flat to last year as the brand continues to drive ASPs and a higher proportion of full price sales in an effort to better control the North American marketplace. DTC comp is expected to be flat, with a continued challenging traffic environment in retail as well as an assumption of a more normalized weather season. And additionally, we expect in-season cancellations to slightly outweigh reorders. Now, for the first quarter of fiscal 2019, we expect revenue to be between $225 million and $235 million and non-GAAP diluted loss per share of approximately $1.50 to $1.41 compared to a loss of $1.28 last year. The drivers of the year-over-year variance in EPS include a lower effective tax rate this year versus last year, decreased shares outstanding this year due to our recent share buyback activity and orders that were pulled forward into the first quarter of fiscal 2018. That the first quarter is a loss quarter, this year is expected lower tax rate due to tax reform and the lower share count due to our share buyback program result in an increased to our loss on a per share basis. The combined effect of the lower tax rate and lower share count is approximately $0.12 per share. And as a reminder, in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, we experienced a pull forward of wholesale orders of approximately $20 million. This drove an earnings per share benefit of approximately $0.15 to last year's first quarter result. I will now hand the call back to Dave to provide a little bit more context on our strategic priorities for the upcoming year.
David Powers: As Tom just mentioned, we have made some strategic decisions for the coming year that I believe will better position the company for future success. But before I go into details, I'd like to start with our initiatives for fiscal 2019. We are intently focused on executing on our plan, elevating our brands and continuing to lay the groundwork for our growth drivers, including driving further operational efficiencies, evolving our digital marketing and e-commerce capabilities and continuing to evolve our speed and go-to-market process. We also see fiscal 2019 as a continuation of our transformation plan, positioning the business for profitable growth. We're in the process of updating our long-range plan; and once complete, we can provide an update on our outlook. But as you can see from our results, we are well on our way to exceeding our initial targets we set last year for fiscal 2020. Next, as we enter fiscal 2019 and coming off a strong 2018, we have several opportunities ahead of us to continue our forward momentum. At the same time, we are making strategic decisions that will generate some topline pressure in the current year, but are in the best interests of the brand's long-term success. These actions include further rationalization of brick-and-mortar and online wholesale accounts, the implementation of a classics product segmentation and allocation strategy and continued optimization of our retail store footprint. But we plan to overcome these near-term revenue headwinds by continuing to invest in HOKA, to drive growth in the US through taking market share, gaining shelf space in premium distribution, and driving traffic to our own e-commerce sites. Taking full advantage of the momentum that this brand is building internationally and developing innovative product to win with the authentic running community. Additionally, we will be building on UGG strength as we see continued growth from expanding upon and building awareness of our men's line, offering compelling women's spring and summer product and strategically bringing on new accounts that will expose the brand to a new and younger consumer. Finally, for Teva and Sanuk, both brands are in the process of rightsizing their international distribution in an effort to return to topline growth. Fiscal 2019 will be a continuation of that process with the goal of a return to more significant growth in fiscal 2020. As we position both brands to accelerate sales, we will do so in a way to maintain the healthy profitability margins we achieved last year. I think it's important to end with reminder of our commitment to driving operating margins to over 13%, which will put us in the top quartile of industry levels. We are ahead of plan on this front, but have more work to do and will continue to make improvements over the upcoming fiscal year. Our achievements in fiscal 2018 and the work the organization has been tasked with in 2019 will lay the foundation for the company to drive future growth and, at the same time, maintain leading operating margin levels. As you've seen, this drives significant cash flow and returns value to shareholders, while at the same time preparing us for future growth. More than ever, I am excited about how the company is positioned and the potential that exists within our organization and in the marketplace. With that, I'll turn the call over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Jonathan Komp with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Komp: Yeah. Hi, thank you. Dave, kind of a bigger picture question. I notice that the outlook for the year for 2019 you provided, you're looking about 2% topline growth. And that's with about a $50 million drag on the UGG side with some of the changes you're making. So, in other words, you'd be pretty close to 5% on a underlying basis. So, I'm wondering if that's more along the lines of the underlying growth that you think is capable, the portfolio, or how you think about kind of the ongoing underlying revenue capability.
David Powers: Yeah. Jonathan, that's the right way to think about it. I think as we came off a really strong year and we saw success across all channels, particularly some of the help we got through a cold winter and positive weather for the brands, we think that there is opportunity there, but we're in this for the long term and we want to make sure we set the UGG brand on the right path with regards to our transformation of the distribution in the marketplace, elevating the brand and the right accounts, continuing to rationalize the stores that we distribute the brand in and segmenting based on consumer and where they shop by channel. So, we feel that this is the right time to make sure that we reset that distribution, that we get a better handle and control on the classics franchise, and maintain a clean and healthy inventory in the marketplace. So, that, combined with the rationalization of the retail fleet, which we've already spoken about, from my perspective, is a very healthy strategy to maintain the health and integrity of the brand and to really set us up for profitable growth in the right channels with new consumers going forward. So, it doesn't get in the way of us delivering on our 2020 targets. We still think we can exceed the 2020 targets of $2 billion and 13% and we're tracking towards that. But we've taken this opportunity this year to be realistic and smart about the distribution of the inventory.
Jonathan Komp: Got it. And just a follow-up on the 2020 targets on the margin side, looking at 2018, you exceeded the initial margin target by quite a wide margin. Could you maybe just kind of go back through maybe some of the factors that led to the upside? And then, as you look forward, whether there is similar potential to show some upside or just what the different dynamics might be looking forward versus kind of the over-delivery looking backwards?
David Powers: Yeah. I think Steve and I can tag-team that. But I think, obviously, the focus of the teams in getting after opportunities faster than we expected is a big part of that. A large part of the beat, obviously, was driven by the improvements in cost of goods and margin, cleaning up the channel and making sure that we have higher full price sales, fewer closeouts and continuing to drive efficiencies across the organization. Certainly, we saw greater improvement in 2018 – or FY 2018 than we expected. We don't expect to see that level of acceleration in FY 2019 because there's still work to do across the organization. But we will play that forward through 2019 and stay on track for FY 2020. Steve, do you want to add anything to that?
Steve Fasching: Yeah. Jon, just to go back a little bit, we talked about in the call that you just heard, on the 2017 to 2018 improvement, largely driven by supply chain initiatives that we talked about last year. And some of – as Dave mentioned, accelerating a little bit about forward into 2018. So, 2018 coming in a little bit better than what we had initially expected, but kind of guided to on our last call. We also had, with favorable weather conditions, a better promotion and close-out environment. So, some of that anticipated in terms of the closeout environment, also a little bit better with weather. Those were kind of the – really the big drivers. There was the component of FX in there, about 40 basis points in the year. And then, going forward, as you look at our guide for 2019, as we indicated, there's a little bit of improvement, a little more on the supply chain initiatives that's going to help us out. A little – we'll lose a little bit on the promotion environment, as we've assumed a more normalized winter season. So, we'll lose a little bit of ground there. Overall, we should pick up a little bit.
Jonathan Komp: Okay, that's helpful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity. Pease proceed with your question.
Camilo Lyon: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Just going back to the 2019 guidance. I guess a couple of questions. Dave, if you could just maybe articulate a little bit more about what you're talking about with respect to the [cost of] [ph] segmentation and what that should look like at the consumer level? And then, if you can provide some context around the expectation of cancellations being greater than reorders in a scenario where it appears that the channel is very clean and you've clearly talked about implicitly that being the case and how that kind of marries with one another. It seems that the classics segmentation strategy and the ability to further focus on your distribution channels should make those channels actually healthier. So, I'm just trying to understand and to put the pieces altogether as to why we should expect to see such a big headwind of that $50 million on the UGG brand.
David Powers: Yeah. So, with regard to the segmentation, and I like the way you frame it, what does that mean for the consumer. From my perspective what that means for the consumer going into the individual channels is a more tailored assortment, specifically for that store and that consumer. So, we've done a lot of work over the last couple of years to segment the line beyond the classics franchise, making sure that we have the tiers covered between core and premium and pinnacle and across kind of core department stores and new emerging use distribution. And we felt, this year, it was right time to do the same with our classics franchise. So, we have gone through every account in North America and allocated what we think is the right assortment based off of that channel. So, when the consumer comes in, they'll have a more tailored assortment specific to their style preference and also price, et cetera. We think this is the right thing to do, obviously, as I said earlier, going forward for the continued premium positioning of the brand, to make sure that the accounts that we are in business with for the long-term are successful and all have a point of differentiation between each other and that we're using styles beyond the core classics franchise to excite that consumer. What this also does is it gives us an opportunity to show a broader assortment of product and we've been talking about diversification within the product line for some time. And I think this is also a part of our ability now to go forward and really rely less on the core classic as a driver every season and allow ourselves to get more assortment of product out to the consumer and a broader base, more balanced assortment going forward for the business.
Steve Fasching: And then, Camilo, just how we tie that into kind of an assumption around cancellations versus net reorders, so as Dave mentioned, as we are allocating our classic product, what we're actually selling into wholesale is more men's and spring/summer. So, with kind of a relatively flattish to down a little bit on the UGG business, we just thought it was conservative to assume that there would be some cancellations of that other product. So, that's kind of how that fits into that strategy.
Camilo Lyon: I can't remember the last time you actually embedded greater cancellations versus reorders when you're anticipating a normalized weather pattern. Do I have my memory correct, in that industry…
Steve Fasching: Yeah. Well, I think the other factor that you have to consider is weather too. So, we're factoring a more normalized winter season. So, that's going to be a part of it too. So, coming out of a very strong year where we had net positive reorders, kind of assuming with the change in wholesale, what we're selling in, we just think it's right and conservative to take a – and it's not a big number. It's a small cancellation number.
Camilo Lyon: All right. So, it seems like you're just making sure that all your wholesale channel partners, especially with the [indiscernible] really tied on the inventory that they're presuming [indiscernible].
Steve Fasching: Right.
David Powers: We want them to have a healthy inventory going into the season, high sellthrough throughout the season and there's opportunity for us with their inventory position to be able to help them through, but really finishing the season clean as a result – similar to what we saw this year because we think that's the right approach going forward. Starting strong, high sellthrough, and then finishing clean, which also gives us an opportunity to present more spring and summer product in the marketplace because a clean situation on classics allows for more investment in new emerging categories.
Camilo Lyon: Understood. Last question I have is just on Koolaburra, if you could just provide an update. I think it's been well received, like you said, on the family channel and just maybe some thoughts around how you want to expand the brand, particularly in light of this classics – more defined classics segmentation?
David Powers: I think in a lot of ways, this is part of the segmentation strategy and the elevation of the UGG brand. But I'm very encouraged by the success of Koolaburra. It's early days. It's our second season. Second year with some of our key accounts has been very strong. What our customers are telling us is they appreciate the price points and they appreciate the margins and the full price sellthrough of the brand. It's resonating well with that consumer, both on a style and a value perspective. And we're going to continue to expand distribution. You see we're doubling the business this year. And looking forward, further category extensions, beyond just kind of core cold-weather product into spring and summer. But I think the tight focus on distribution, key accounts that we can get a lot of reach through with, quite frankly, little effort on our part, with healthy product high sellthrough is a formula that we're learning a lot about, we're very excited about. And it's the first foray in a meaningful way into this, what we call, the kind of the family value channel. And we're seeing great success so far with a lot of optimism for where that can go in the future.
Camilo Lyon: That's great. Great job on the quarter. And good luck for the year.
David Powers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is with Jim Duffy with Stifel. Pease proceed with your question.
Jim Duffy: Thank you. Hello, everyone. And congratulations to the team. Really great progress last year. Clearly, a lot of hard work behind that. To start, I'd like to talk a little bit about the UGG brand trajectory in international markets. And more so what you're assuming in international markets in the fiscal 2019 guide. Is there some of the same distribution work to do in international markets that you're referencing seemingly in the US?
David Powers: Yeah, good question. So, we're encouraged by the markets that we've been focusing on over the last 12, 18 months, which are really Germany and Europe and China as we continue to roll out our partner program there. So, we will continue to focus on those as the key growth drivers. What's nice about those markets because they are relatively new in the maturity of the brand is that it's a more balanced assortment, an elevated new distribution, particularly in Germany. And so, we're going to continue to drive investments and focused on growing those two markets. Tons of opportunity, obviously, in both of them, doing it in a quality way, doing it in a balanced way, healthy inventories, healthy sellthrough, healthy brand presentation and we'll continue to do that. We don't have the similar issues with rationalization of accounts across the international markets. A little bit perhaps in the UK, but we're also opening up new accounts to reach younger consumers, having great success with accounts like ASOS, which is an online retail over there which has proved a great vehicle for us to bring new product to the market and again reach new consumers in a consolidated way. Little bit of clean up between – as you know, we're closing stores, but some of that in Japan, kind of rightsizing some of the wholesale distribution there. But none of it to the extent of what we've been going through in North America. A much healthier position from, particularly, the new markets, as I said, in Germany and China and we'll continue to focus on that.
Steve Fasching: Yeah, Jim. Just to give you a little bit more color on the domestic versus wholesale, so the strategic decisions that we've been talking about, Dave just mentioned, that's largely a dynamic in the North America/US market. So, that's where we're seeing kind of a year-over-year decline. So, as we guided UGG down a little bit on the year, that's really being driven by that domestic component. The international wholesale distributor business is up year-on-year in the guidance that we've given for the year. So, we expect Europe to be a grower in the UGG business.
Jim Duffy: Great. And then, Dave, can you give us a little more color on the talk of new accounts driving uptake of a broader range of styles, some of the accounts that you think will help you reach younger consumers?
David Powers: Yeah. As you know, we started a couple years ago with testing some new accounts as we're transforming and kind of repositioning the marketplace. But we did some initial accounts with Footaction and SIX:02, part of the Foot Locker Group, Urban Outfitters, ASOS, as I mentioned in Europe, Zalando, those are good examples of brand new distribution that is a younger consumer that I don't really feel crosses over too much with our core department store distribution, particularly through a fashion sensibility perspective and price point. So, those have been very successful so far. I don't want to ahead of myself, but I think there is a lot of opportunity there going forward. And the way that the team has repositioned the UGG brand with a little bit more of a fashion edge, leveraging the California lifestyle positioning, the new product is resonating. And I think that, as I said, or as you heard in the script, we talked about the brand heat in the YouGov tracking. It's starting to resonate. And the younger consumer is reaching out to the brand online. We're driving traffic to our social channels and e-commerce channels and we're working closely with those new accounts to give them the assortment that is right for their channel and their consumer. And so far, that's working and we see significant opportunity there going forward.
Jim Duffy: Very good, thank you.
David Powers: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is with Chris Svezia with Wedbush. Please proceed with your question.
Christopher Svezia: Good afternoon, everybody, and thanks for taking my questions and congratulations. I guess, first, I'm just curious, Dave, for you, when you think about the UGG brand and the rationalization you're going to be doing in 2019, how do we think that beyond 2019, into 2020, do you anticipate still some continuation of these efforts or is this really just this year, this repositioning in which 2020, you can continue to see faster growth out of the UGG brand? Just curious how you think about the timing of all this.
David Powers: Yeah. It's an evolving marketplace. And so, I think you'll see the majority of the cleanup happen this year. But as things evolve and consumer patterns shift, we'll continue to evaluate that. I think we are very focused on the long term goal of elevating the brand and maintaining that kind of premium positioning. What it does though is it also allows us as I said to better diversify the distribution through channels and consumer. And I think we're starting to see early success of that, protecting our core heritage distribution with key partners like Nordstroms and Dillard's, but opening up some of these new accounts, which I think over time can be meaningful. And so, we will end up with a more elevated presentation across the marketplace for that kind of core heritage business as well as a kind of, call it, youth lifestyle distribution in a quality way. And I think what you'll end up seeing starting in FY 2020 is a return to healthier growth in 2021 for the UGG brand, particularly in North America as a result of that.
Christopher Svezia: Okay, thank you. And you made some reference with regard to sell-in of spring products for the UGG brand for sandals and, I think, sneakers. I believe it was double digits. Could you just clarify what you said the actual sellthrough was?
David Powers: Yeah. We didn't get into specifics on sellthrough, but the sell-in was received well, so meaning that what we show the customers, they bought a broader assortment and deeper than they have in the past. And part of that had to do with helping them with inventory and freeing up some open to buy [ph] spring and summer. But the reports so far on what we're seeing in the key categories of sneakers and sandals and fashion slippers, the sellthroughs are strong both across men's and women's. And we think that's going to lead to further growth and investment in those categories going forward.
Thomas George: Yeah. I think, Chris, on that too, you might be referencing just kind of the season start was a little bit later this year. So, when we saw the weather turn, it was cold on the northeast, when that weather started to turn, I think with others, as they saw an uptick in spring product, we saw a big uptick in the sellthrough of the spring product. But we're also seeing a nice pick up on our product.
David Powers: And it's also reflected in the DTC comps for the quarter.
Christopher Svezia: Okay. Finally, just in terms of the gross margin, SG&A cadence, any color you can add about how we think about that as we move forward, some of the puts and takes? Seems like based on your guidance, potentially SG&A dollars are flat to down in the back half of the year, and I would assume that most of the gross margin improvement would be somewhat front-half loaded, just given the comparisons, or any color you can provide about that?
Steve Fasching: Yeah, Chris, this is Tom. I think you hit it. In terms of SG&A guidance for the back half of the year, it's more flattish to down. And in terms of gross margin expansion, you hit it. It's more the front half of the year. I think something to point out in the fourth quarter on the first quarter on the gross margin. That's where we don't expect as favorable a promotional environment. So, you could see some decline in the fourth quarter gross margin.
Christopher Svezia: Okay, fair enough. Thank you for this color and all the best. Appreciate it.
Thomas George: Thank you.
David Powers: Thanks Chris.
Operator: Our next question is with Mitch Kummetz with Pivotal Research. Please proceed with your question.
Mitch Kummetz: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions. Yeah, I just want to drill down on the gross margins and maybe the sales outlook as well for 2018 – I'm sorry for 2019. So, for 2018, it looks like your [gross margin was up a couple of hundred basis points, maybe a little bit better than that. Steve, I think you said that the majority that was on the supply chain, but then some of it was due to fewer promotions, less closeouts, can you – is it possible to quantify the benefit that you received in 2018 on the promotions and closeouts relative to kind of what your plan was?
Steve Fasching: Yes. What I can do is I'll give you on the year-on-year. So, we finished 2017 at 46.7. We finished 2018 at 48.9. Roughly 220 basis point improvement year-on-year. 120 basis points of that really came from supply chain initiatives that we drove. And as I mentioned, some of that was an acceleration of things that we had initially planned happening later, happening in FY 2018. So, that's why it's a little bit higher than what we had originally guided to. The promotions and the closeouts were worth about 80 basis points. We got a lift from FX of about 40 basis points in the year. So, that's pretty much your 220.
Mitch Kummetz: And then, for 2019, you said you – go ahead. I'm sorry.
Steve Fasching: Yeah. I was going to say, for 2019, so kind of starting at that 48.9 gross margin percent, getting to something around 49-ish or better, coming from additional supply chain initiative, call it roughly 30 basis points. FX, we think will be another 30 basis points. And then, that will get offset by assumptions around a more normalized winter. So, we'll lose probably – we're fidgeting around 20 basis points. And then, we'll lose a little bit with channel mix. So, as we increase our wholesale business in proportion, we'll lose a little bit on the gross margin there. So, netting a little better than 10 basis points on the year.
Mitch Kummetz: Okay. That color is really helpful. And then, secondly, on the sales side, so I know that you're planning UGG down a little bit for the year. But, in 2018, I know that UGG came in better than planned. I think it was up 4% and you had particularly strong going into the back half of the year. I'm just wondering how much of that abnormal growth was due to reorders and cancellations that were sort of better than expected because of the weather and is there any sort of plan to give some of that back in 2019 as well?
David Powers: Yeah. So, the way we've looked at the kind of the year and the weather impact, it's always difficult to figure out exactly how much is weather. I think what you heard us talk about on the call last quarter with our beat in 3Q, roughly we got about $30 million of additional wholesale reorders that we attributed largely to weather. We think there was also about a $10 million pick up in DTC business. We think there was about a $10 million pickup in Q4 in DTC due to continuation of favorable weather conditions. So, hard to gauge, but in the ballpark of, call it, 50-ish or more million.
Mitch Kummetz: Got it. And is there any plan to give some of that back in 2019 or …?
David Powers: Yeah. So there is a plan. Yeah, as we've assumed in the guide, a more normalized winter, we are not making those assumptions. So, to Camilo's question about kind of cancellations and so forth, we have assumed in the guide a more normalized, whatever that means, winter, right, and we will give some of that back.
Mitch Kummetz: Got, okay. Alright. It's very helpful. Thank you.
David Powers: Thanks, Mitch.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session and I would like to turn the call back over to Dave Powers for closing remarks.
David Powers: In closing, I'd like to thank the entire Deckers organization for their tireless efforts and their execution on our plan, their ongoing focus to optimize our brands in the marketplace and their work to position the organization for growth. I'm exceptionally proud of the entire team and the accomplishments achieved last year in a challenging environment. I'd also like to thank our board of directors for their support and contributions over the past fiscal year. And lastly, as we drive the business forward, thanks to our shareholders for their continued support as well.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-02-01 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Fasching - Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations David Powers - President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas George - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity Randal Konik - Jefferies Jonathan Komp - Robert W. Baird & Company Jim Duffy - Stifel Rafe Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Corinna Van Der Ghinst - Citi Research Bob Drbul - Guggenheim Investments
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Third Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I'll now turn the conference over to Steve Fasching, Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, and welcome everyone joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's safe harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance, including, but not limited to, our projected revenue, margins, expenses, earnings per share and operating profit improvement as well as statements regarding our cost savings and restructuring plans, strategies for our products and brands and our review of strategic alternatives. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent the company's current expectations and are based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in its expectations or as a result of the availability of new information. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
David Powers: Thanks, Steve and good afternoon to everyone. Our third quarter performance meaningfully surpassed our expectations as our efforts increase full-price selling for our products and drive sustained profitable growth for our brands continued to gain traction. On top of great execution by our teams and improved retail environment and more favorable weather compared with last year also aided our results. For our third quarter, sales were $810 million, compared to guidance of $735 million to $745 million and earnings per share $4.97 versus guidance of $3.65 to $3.75. While the portion of our outperformance was timing related, which Tom will review in a minute, our recent results are further validation that the improvements we've made and continue to make at the business are paying off. Last year at this time I discussed how we're working on leveraging our core competencies to strengthen our connection with consumers, target new audiences and become more strategically aligned with our key wholesale partners. These efforts included preserving the UGG Classics franchise with a focus on core brand positioning, reaching a younger consumer with existing and new distribution, growing the men's business with an improved and focused product line and creating compelling and segmented year around offering. This quarter is an indication that those efforts are paying off as we successfully executed on delivering seasonal relevant product from UGG with standout items such as innovative winter and waterproof boots, slippers, the classic mini and the new men's style, improving pricing and full-price selling to the rationalization of our wholesale distribution channel and better inventory management in the market place, driving significant selling and sell through with new accounts such as Footaction domestically ASOS internationally, enhancing our targeted marketing campaigns in order to attract the attention of new and younger consumers and elevating our DDC consumer experience by offering a stronger presentation of lifestyle products from head to toe. Overall, we're extremely pleased with our third quarter results, especially the performance of the UGG brand as sales grew 4% to $735 million, which was highlighted by a strong full-price selling. This is a testament to the continued strength of the UGG brand globally and the importance of the brand to our retail partners. Now, turning to performance by channel, starting with our wholesale and distributed business, channel inventory was much cleaner to start the third quarter than it was a year ago. This allowed our partners to capitalize on their full-price inventory positions and capture demand as the appetite for UGG product grew throughout the quarter. Sales were further accelerated as we got deeper into the holiday selling season and weather turned exceptionally cold in many parts of the US. These factors contributed to a stronger than expected reorder business as retailers placed additional orders to meet strong demand late in the quarter further aiding full-price selling with fewer whole closeout sales, which was accomplished by strategic utilization of the UGG closet which brings in higher margins. From a product perspective, we saw success with classic mini, ankle boots, slippers and Neumel, which are all geared towards the younger consumer and provide a great entry point into the brand and cold weather and waterproof products, specifically the Atteranda [ph]. Performance of our DTC channel was strong and we're very pleased to report a positive 1.7% comp versus guidance of a negative low single digits comp. The positive result was driven by stronger than expected ecommerce results and better trends in retail store comps. Our global ecommerce business delivered our largest volume quarter to date, benefiting from strong online demand and a shift in consumer purchasing patterns. Our brick-and-mortar business also outperformed expectations. While traffic remains challenged, comps were better than expected, conversion was up and units per transaction increased mid-single digits. Our stores remain a critical component of our consumer facing omnichannel strategy as they provide a physical touch point with the consumer, allowing them to interact with a broader serving of the UGG product offering. In our global DDC business, we experienced a meaningful increase in sales through the classic mini and the Neumel sales, through our continued consumer interest in segmentation by offering DDC exclusive products, which carried a higher average selling price and saw notable growth with our non-UGG brands. Shifting to our regional performance across all channels, in the US we saw a number of improvements from last year, including better composition in quality of inventory ending in the quarter, strong early full-price sell through, less overall promotional activity and robust holiday sales filled in part by cold weather late in the quarter. On the international side, Germany continues to be a major growth driver as we capitalize on the growing popularity of numerous UGG classic mini styles, at the same time we saw success in China due to increases in brand awareness and growing consumer demand following our first holiday season with our brand influencer Angela Bailey [ph] and with our recent conversion to direct distribution in Canada, we experienced much stronger sales growth for the UGG brand this holiday season with the Atteranda [ph] get the top performer. Turning to the performance lifestyle group, I'm pleased to report the group grew a combined 37% in the quarter. Starting with HOKA ONE ONE, the brand continued its exceptional growth, increasing third quarter sales 66% to $32 million and continued to exceed its growth target, as the team built brand awareness and launches compelling new products. The improvement year-over-year was broad based with DDC sales up significantly and wholesale, the brand's largest channel continuing to grow meaningfully. According to NPD, HOKA's sell through at US retail easily outpaced the competition for the 12 months ended November 30, 2017, as the run specialty category was down 5%, while HOKA sales were up 47%. Also as further proof of the brand was resonating HOKA's curtails at retail had expanded beyond the Clifton and Bondi to now include Arahi and Gaviota, two files we launched in the last and a new category for the brand dynamic stability. These two additional curtails have driven increased shelf space and market share. For Teva and Sanuk, I'm extremely impressed with how quickly the teams have driven significant gross margin and operating margin improvements in their respective businesses. They've done this by executing on a focused plan to drive skill efficiencies, optimize their distribution strategies and implementing operational changes through right sized fixed overhead. Teva grew sales by 33% in the quarter to $20 million. This growth was partially driven by an extended standard selling season that drove more full-price sales later into the year. The brand is also seeing significant success in close to our footwear, with products including the Arrowood collection. As for Sanuk, sales were flat to last year, which surpassed expectations, while the brand continues to rationalize international distribution and clean the market place. Sanuk recently launched the Chiba Quest for both men and women, which is an extension to the Sidewalk Surfer franchise. The initial offering was exclusive to our DDC channel and will be available through our wholesale partners in our fourth quarter. The design and distribution plan for the Chiba Quest is focused around the core center consumer and we're very encouraged with the initial feedback. Our fiscal 2018 year-to-date results are proof that the team is successfully executing on our long-term plan and we continue to look for further opportunities to improve the business and drive healthy profitable growth. With that in mind, we'll continue to evolve our digital marketing capabilities, better engage our consumers and drive innovation in our products to bolster the importance of our brands in the market place. With that I'll now hand over the call to Tom, to provide more details on the financials.
Thomas George: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I will take you through our third quarter results to greater detail, break out the restructuring and other charges recorded in the quarter and provide an updated outlook for the fourth quarter and updated on fiscal 2018. Please note, throughout this discussion, where I refer to non-GAAP financial measures, I am referring to results before taking into account restructuring and other charges that our management believes are not core to our ongoing operating results. Also note, our non-GAAP results are not adjusted for constant currency. A reconciliation between our reported GAAP results and the non-GAAP results can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our website under the Investors tab. Now to our results for the third quarter, as Dave mentioned, sales came in much better than expected at $810 million, up 7% versus last year and above our guidance range. The drivers of the sales beat to guidance were approximately due to $30 million in net reorders with favorable weather conditions being a significant driver. $20 million was from the timing of wholesale orders originally scheduled for delivery early in our fourth quarter that our wholesale partners requested to be shipped sooner due to the strong third quarter sell through. $10 million of better than expected DTC performance as a positive 1.7% comp compared favorably to our expectations of negative low single digits and $3 million from foreign exchange fluctuations. Gross margin was 52.2%, also significantly better than expected and up 170 basis points versus last year. All brands saw gross margin gains due to a higher proportion of full-price selling and the strategic advancement of the close out channel coupled with continued supply chain improvements and FX contributing approximately 40 basis points year-over-year. Non-GAAP SG&A was $220 million, up 9% to last year, but as a percentage of sales it's under guidance by over 100 basis points. The increase in SG&A dollars over last year was largely due to incentive compensation being accrued for this year versus the reversal last year, was contributed approximately $19 million of the increase and variable expenses related to a higher sales. These increases were partially offset by savings related to our retail store fleet and back office restructuring efforts. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share was $4.97 compared $4.11 last year and our guidance range of $3.65 to $3.75. The better than expected sales and gross margin drove approximately $0.70 of the EPS upside, with additional contributions in the quarter of $0.28 from lower taxes, $0.15 from timing of early shipments, $0.08 from exchange rate fluctuations and $0.04 from the $25 million share repurchase. Non-GAAP adjustments were $10 million and were related to our proxy contest, the Board's consideration of strategic alternatives and other organizational changes. Next, our balance sheet at December 31 remained strong, with cash and equivalents of $493 million compared to $296 million this time last year, inventory at $396 million up 6% compared to last year and short-term borrowings of $600,000 compared to $30 million last year. During the quarter, the company repurchased 361,000 shares of its common stock for a total of $25 million. As of December 31, 2017, the company had $375 million remaining under its $400 million share repurchase authorization, of which approximately $75 million is still expected to be utilized prior to the end of this fiscal year. Now moving to our outlook, for the fourth quarter based primarily on the shift of certain wholesale orders into the third quarter, we now expect sales to be in the range of $370 million to $375 million, non-GAAP EPS between $0.15 and $0.20 and effective tax rate of approximately 32%, due to the anticipated repatriation of $250 million of international cash in the quarter. For the full fiscal year, we're raising our guidance. This improved outlook includes flowing through $1.06 from the third quarter result driven by $0.70 of improved sales and gross margin performance, $0.28 of improved taxes and $0.08 of improved foreign currency. This results in the following updated full year guidance. Sales are now expected to be in the range of $1.873 billion to $1.878, gross margin of approximately 49%, SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 37%, operating margin of approximately 12%, non-GAAP EPS now in the range of $5.37 to $5.42 and effective tax rate of approximately 22.5%. We'd like to mention that although we are very pleased with how all brands performed in the third quarter, especially UGG in its most important selling season, we will look at the results objectively in planning the business for future holiday selling seasons. We benefited from the cold weather and an extra inventory turn due to the timing of the shipments early in the year, areas where we will remain cautious on in the future. But at the end of the day, we saw the true strength of our brands and how our product assortment is resonating with our consumer base. Our GAAP tax rate for the quarter is 55.3%. The main driver was the enactment of tax reform during the quarter as the company is required to recognize the effect of tax law changes in the predictive enactment. The company recorded discreet tax adjustments related to tax reform for the re-measurement of the differed taxes along with the deemed repatriated foreign earnings. With regard to our pro forma effective tax rate, as a result of the passage of the tax reform act, it is still early and we continue to access the long-term impact. But as a result of our fiscal year ending March 31, our current fiscal year and 2018 effective tax rate will benefit from the new rules and related reduction in the federal tax rate. We now expect our effective pro forma tax rate to be approximately 22.5% revised down from our previously guided figure of 26%. The 22.5% rate is due to the reduced US federal tax rate and increased ratio of foreign to total company earnings. Beyond this year, we will benefit from a full year of the lower US tax rate, but that will likely be offset by an increase in tax on international income as well as not expecting to receive the same benefit next year that we received this year from discreet items. Therefore, at this stage we're expecting our effective tax rates to remain at approximately 22.5%. The 22.5% includes the provision for federal tax of approximately half of foreign income, accordingly we will be able to repatriate our international cash, free of federal taxes, although there will still be some state income taxes. In terms of our cash position and capital allocation strategy, a significant portion of our cash balance is outside of the US. Through the new tax rules, we plan on repatriating $250 million of international cash back on shore by the end of fiscal 2018. We expect that this combined with our already strong balance sheet and enhanced cash flow generation capabilities due to the tax reform will provide the company with significant liquidity in the near-term. We're currently reevaluating our capital allocation strategy and are looking at further opportunities in addition to our current share repurchase program to put this cash to use in a way that we're able to profitably grow the business and drive shareholder value. We plan on providing more color on our plans on the next earnings call, but currently our main focus is on the $400 million share repurchase program we announced last October. Before handing the call back to Dave, I'd like to say how encouraged I am by the tremendous strides that the company has made in executing the $100 million operating profit improvement plan, especially in light of our eventful calendar 2017. Our fiscal year-to-date results coupled with our updated guidance for the remainder of fiscal 2018 are proof that we're on the right track. We still have meaningful progress to make on the plan but I'm confident that we have the right people in the right positions to meet and exceed our long term goals. Now I'll turn it back to Dave for his closing remarks.
David Powers: Thanks, Tom. We closed out calendar 2017 on a high note across our entire brand portfolio, channels and regions. For the UGG brand it has been a very successful fall winter selling season and as the trend continues into January the strength of the brand and its compelling product offering is more evident now than ever. Also as we announced last year, the board of directors is now actively engaged in the search for two new members that will coincide with the retirement of two current members. In addition, management, the board and the entire organization is firmly committed to achieving and exceeding our long term target of $2 billion in sales and at least 13% operating margin by fiscal year end 2020. Our third quarter results and updated fiscal year 2018 guidance further reaffirms our confidence in achieving the plan. Before handing the call over for Q&A, I would like to say how proud I am of the progress the entire organization has made on our long term plan. Our focus remains the same going into calendar 2018, generating healthy profitable growth to drive shareholder value and returns on capital. On behalf of the Deckers management team, I'd like to thank our police for their dedication and for driving a very successful fall winter season. With that, we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Camilo Lyon, Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Camilo Lyon: Thanks. Good afternoon, guy. Great close of holiday season.
David Powers: Thanks, Lyon.
Thomas George: Thank you.
Camilo Lyon: I wanted to you give really good detail on articulating the upside in the brand. I was hoping to get some clarity on how the performance of those different styles are those the classic discipline slim the many out how does that inform how you're going to your product innovation decisions will flow into next year given the success of these franchise names?
David Powers: Yes. Good question, you're really excited with the results particularly of the mini and the Neumel, I mean obviously those are core franchise styles that we can really build off of, but they also speak to the fact that we're bringing in new consumers into the brand. The mini from our research indicates a younger consumer is participating of the brand that style took off in the quarter and continues to be strong. And then the Neumel which we have specifically targeted as are our lead style to reach a younger male consumer continues to perform extremely well. So from an innovation standpoint, we've done a lot of work particularly in our classic franchise and in our weather product this year. Going forward, we're going to continue to utilize that innovation to create more styles that are that cross that boundary of fashion and function. On the women's side, making sure that the style looks good, but if performs it can be worn all day in any weather conditions, continuing to innovate around comfort and materially uses head to toe in our lifestyle product as well and then really spending more time on evolving the fashionability of our franchise styles going into fall '18 and beyond.
Camilo Lyon: Great and my follow-up to that is you spoke about the inventory and how they were reorders in the quarter not surprising given high clinical channel into the season. Could you help us characterize the channel inventory exiting the quarter and how that's it's particularly in light of the reorder inventory in what seems to have been a very cold persistent pattern of weather in the Northeast, how do you feel about the inventory today as relates to you know the inputs that have been in place?
David Powers: Yeah. We feel really good about it. We spent a great load deal of care going into Q3 to making sure that the channel is clean the team did an amazing job of working closely with our key accounts to manage the right level of inventory not flood the market. And keep turns healthy we think we got another turn from the weather this season which helped a lot and then the other strong weather winter starting around the Christmas timeframe inflowing in through January has allowed a lot of our key accounts to continue to sell through their inventory and provide a few more reorder opportunities. So generally speaking, we're very pleased with the makeup of the wholesale channel and the quality of the inventory that's out there higher price let's close out and ending the season in a good makeup composition first brings that up and going into next fall the order book.
Camilo Lyon: Perfect. My last question is just on SG&A dollar, I think at the outset of the year there was a possibility for SG&A dollar to be down year-over-year this year looks like to finish up a touch. Can you just help us understand the opportunities and the pathway you see going forward to reducing your overall expense base?
David Powers: We're still on that pathway, we still have targets in sight for revenue and operating margin improvement as part of our profitability improvement plan for FY20, there's some puts and takes obviously through this quarter and yeah, I'll let Tom tackle.
Thomas George: Some of it really they increase some of its related to foreign exchange. Foreign exchange was a benefit to the top line in the margin but also had some more operating expenses internationally and there's also an increase in performance compensation this year relative to a year ago especially in the quarter whereas a year ago there was actually a reversal of performance comp, this year there's a provision. There's also some additional marketing that we expect in Q3 which definitely paid off and or expecting to spend a little bit more marketing in Q4 as well. But today's point for really good of what we've accomplished on the cost savings plan, we've got a lot of good visibility of additional cost savings for SG&A. Probably to add one more point we've got benefited in the quarter and for the year about 120 basis points of gross margin improvement and roughly $23 million related to our cost savings initiatives in the supply chain. Yeah I think that that the key thing to keep in mind is the supply chain improvement there are hitting the bottom line faster than we expected and we'll continue to drive against that opportunity. And so that benefit paid off as well as the reduced clothes in the channel more price selling help the margin and if you see the year round operating gross margin much better than expected a little bit higher SG&A but the bottom line profitability of solid better than expected.
Camilo Lyon: Got it. Great job, guys. Thanks a lot. Good luck
David Powers: Thanks, Camilo.
Operator: Our next question is from Randal Konik, Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Randal Konik: Hi, how are you? And a quick question. I just want to kind of ask about you talked the one of the strategy has been kind of going through is this idea of getting smarter with the wholesale channel distribution kind of work even harder with the count's going to really matter and kind of reducing the can accounts are less important where are we in that process and on Amazon holiday release you were your when your boots was mentioned as a top seller, so when it gets a perspective on how you're thinking about where the wholesale channel strategies have come from and where do you think you're going and how does Amazon kind of fit within that kind of construct going forward?
David Powers: Yeah. Great question. I have to give our wholesale teams a lot of credit for the way they've transition the market over the last year. We had him pretty significant account rationalization coming out of Q3 last year we had to close some sizable accounts and do some marketing our marketplace shifts to elevate protect the brand reach new consumers make sure that we're as efficient as possible and then a lot of segmentation work with reclassifying the marketplace between our core premium and pinnacle product and distribution. And so that is you're seeing the result of that this quarter better segmentation, better consumer reach, all accounts for the most part please with the quarter. There were some areas where there was some uncertainty when we opened up Macy's and when it damage done in a more robust way. Those panned out well and really feeling good about the work that's done. I'd say we're all more or mostly there I think you'll see the segmentation have a bigger impact starting this fall as part of development teams catch up to the segmentation plans and we start creating a specific product for each of those channels better segmenting them, better storytelling around specific customers and key accounts. Amazon the season went well we did have solid performance with them a little bit of pricing issues here and there but nothing significant in them pleased with how the accounts managed through that and we were able to get some sizable volume in key styles through Amazon that will benefit the bottom line and reach new consumers.
Randal Konik: That's helpful. And I guess my last question. Just looking at your website the series is elevated marketing presence around the collective so it just seems like there's been an elevated lifestyle orientation into the marketing both in visuals and so forth. Are you seeing it getting engagement to that is it helping kind of to versified further when you see the product traction it coming through in the business? You kind of kind of give us some perspective on where the marketing has come from where it's going and how that's helped kind of further kind of get people to buy these other types of lifestyle products et cetera?
David Powers: Yeah, great question. Over the last year, we felt it was important and under Andrea's leadership and the UGG team to really signify a step change in the positioning and the direction of the brand and so some of that marketing out there is a little bit polarizing we've had mixed reviews on some of it to be honest but from more of traditional accounts, but what is resonating is the effect that it having on a younger consumer and we've made significant progress over the last year with the amount of 18 to 24 year olds buying into the brand, we made a lot a lot of we made up a lot of lost ground that we had over the last couple years and I think you're seeing that in the sales quarter in some of the new accounts and it's definitely helping bring new style to the consumer and showcasing as just more than just the boots and an item, that is relevant in different fashion circles it's relevant from a lifestyle head to toe perspective and really showing the energy of the brand. We're going to continue to evolve that we have some exciting things in the pipeline going into this spring in the fall and so as we continue to expand the reach for the brand through segmentation and product innovation that campaign will continue to be important. So I'm really looking forward what that to what the teams will do about that going forward.
Randal Konik: Very helpful, thanks, guys.
David Powers: Thanks.
Thomas George: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from Jonathan Komp, Robert W. Baird and Company. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan Komp: Yeah. Hi, thank you. I want to follow-up with a question on the wholesale business and you touched on this a little bit already regarding the state of the inventories in the channel but more related to the psychology of the retail partners that you have and following to pretty tough years for the wholesale business with the cleaner inventories and some of the product and brand momentum. How you're thinking about their willingness to commit to stronger orders for the fall season ahead.
David Powers: Yeah. I think that the million dollar question on the table for many people in the industry coming out of the one of the strongest holiday periods in a while. We certainly benefited from macro environmental trends in addition to the strength of the brand but whether with an impact and so we think that the weather impact is roughly about a $30 million in reorders for the brand. The good news is that the account sold through well as you said they're positioned cleaner inventories less close outlets markdown inventory in the channel. So the setup we feel good about the set up for next year the variable there is how are the key account in the marketplace going to be there open to buy as to whether this holiday was a kind of a onetime event or a sustainable benchmark that they can build up hope. So we'll take it with conservatively optimistic view obviously we're pushing for growth we're going to continue to drive that in the right channels and styles but we're mindful of maintaining the positioning of the UGG brand and not flooding the marketplace with supply again.
Jonathan Komp: And I guess just to follow-up on that I want to ask, I know a number of years ago there were two consecutive years of pretty mild winters followed by a cold spell and that the following year after the cold winter you saw a pretty sharp bounce back in the wholesale business and I'm just curious structurally if there's anything in your mind obviously it's a different environment but here structurally is it all that different from back then or just curious to get your thoughts there?
David Powers: Yeah, I think the from a macro level perspective the account a much more conservative on inventory and in quarters clean driving profitability and so you're definitely seeing that we've seen that over the last couple years really. I think you know for the most part from what I can tell we can tell the accounts feel good about how they've ended this season and want to maintain a momentum going to next year. People are looking for a return to growth or return to improve profitability I think we're starting to see store traffic stabilize a little bit but certainly the shift online is going to continue and I think people are just going to continue to manage their inventory selectively with the right brands and the right product and minimize the amount of hangover products so they can continue never healthy business.
Jonathan Komp: And last one just following-up once more as you get more visibility to the State of the order book. Would you be any more or less willing to take on speculative inventory just given what you see today is everything that you just outlined along with the clean state of the channel. Just curious are you thinking about your willingness to take on inventory risk?
David Powers: Yeah I think we the last couple years we spent a lot of time on inventory management. We have we still have work to do our inventory is a little bit elevated right now and that's a key priority for the management team going forward. But we make sure that who are buying process that we identify key style that we think they may be reorder upside in Neumel. Certainly the HOKA brand is one of those that has tremendous upside some of the innovative fashion for the season sorry the classics iterations for the season. So we'll selectively do that and I think it served us well this year. But we don't want to get ahead of ourselves and we're continuing to want to drive the growth that still in the season clean.
Jonathan Komp: Okay. Thank you.
David Powers: Yeah. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Duffy, Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jim Duffy: Thank you, everyone, nice work executed across many fronts.
David Powers: Thank you.
Jim Duffy: Tom, thank you for the help on the tax reform benefit looking around the corner to 2019, would reiterate a commitment to the 15% plus see that margin it seems the intent is to flow that through the earnings and shareholders rather than see it as an opportunity to reinvest. Is that accurate?
Thomas George: Well, I think a lot has happened with tax reform and it's impacted us very favorably for the although we had some onetime charges this quarter related to revalue our deferred tax assets as well as put in a provision against all our earlier foreign earnings the real positive there is we've got a lot more liquidity we can consider going forward. So we're evaluating our capital structure at this point in time and evaluating that liquid the ability to invest in the business but in our top priorities increase shareholder value and the media priority is finish that $100 million share repurchase by the end of the year and get focused on the remainder of the $400 million authorization. Yeah. I think just add on to that we are definitely committed to shareholder return to increasing shareholder value. The buyback is important we stay committed to that and I think the good news is this with this cash position going forward again that's more alternative to increase shareholder value but also to invest in growth in the brands we have some incredible brands that still have upside a lot of opportunity globally in the marketplace and that's going to require some investment. But that we're still committed to what we said last year with regards to target threats why 20 returning shareholder value.
Jim Duffy: Okay. Thanks. And Dave, you mentioned still some work to do on the inventory I was surprised to see it up year-to-year with the upside and pull forward of sales can you speak a little more detail about where you sit with inventory and some of the opportunities to speed inventory returns?
David Powers: Yeah, let Steve walk you through some of the details in that.
Steve Fasching: Yeah, Jim, so inventory is going to go - it's a little bit I think John's question before about kind of elevated inventory as we said almost three years ago in certain cases we're willing to carry a little bit of elevated inventory of carry over styles to take advantage of opportunities in the season. I think this is the season where that was demonstrated and executed. In terms of the inventory levels that we're looking at right now, the reason we were up year-over-year primarily is driven by bringing UGG, bringing summer inventory in earlier this year, so in Q3 as opposed to Q4. We also have higher inventory around the HOKA brand, so with the continued explosive growth of the HOKA brand and driving sales forward, we're bringing more inventory in related to HOKA, as it may seem today we have a new fly collection introduction with HOKA, so some of that inventory is related new product introduction. And then some of the other inventories around UGG, kind of as we said allowing us to carry a little bit of elevated inventory as Dave said, we're rightly tied. There's some work to be done internally. We're already beginning to address that, but overall it worked well for us in this quarter and then we had some new dynamics with new business in terms of spring/summer and HOKA, but also looking at ways and optimizing kind of moving forward.
Jim Duffy: Great, thank you for the help.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rafe Jadrosich, Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Rafe Jadrosich: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. As you look at the gross margin upside, this year has the stronger performance overall, are there any changes to the components between gross margin as share rises to achieve that 13% operating margin by 2020?
David Powers: Not dramatically, no.
Thomas George: We've talked about before, I mean going forward the one thing to consider on the gross margin is we will have more supply chain improvements and I don't think you can plan this FX as you look forward. But another thing to keep in mind, as we grow the other brands, they don't really have as big a direct to consumer element, so the gross margin as we grow the other brands are - those gross margins and those brands are already strong, but they have great operating margins going forward. So there's really no change in terms of gross margin versus operating expense savings on how we drive that 13%, nothing has come to our attention there to really change that outlook.
David Powers: No and I think for us against original road map some of the timing might be different. We're seeing faster improvements on the gross margin from our supply chain initiatives. Obviously we're improving operating margin faster than expected, so we're still evaluating the right timing for some of these puts and takes, but essentially still structurally behind.
Rafe Jadrosich: Okay, that's helpful and then when you say such figures you touch upon where you'll be in the terms of the store closings and how that will progress in '19 and then can you discuss what you're seeing in terms of sales transfer as you're closing stores?
David Powers: Yeah, we haven't shared the store count, but we're still on track to what we put out there as the 2020 target of 125 stores. We have some popup stores that we did this season that performed really well and we'll continue to utilize that strategy to go forward, but still staying on track to the store closure plan. And really just to reiterate what we said is, we're going to optimize profitability and cash flow to close those stores through lease negotiations and natural lease expirations versus than cash pay outs. So we're still on track to do that. The teams have done a great job improving profitability in the retail channel and leveraging the assets and improving SG&A and so we'll continue to stay on that track.
Rafe Jadrosich: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Corinna Van Der Ghinst, Citi Research. Please proceed with your question.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Thank you. Hi, good afternoon. Aside from cold weather why don't you guys just talk about why the direct to consumer business was so much stronger than your plan? Why do you think your consumers started to shift to more of purchases online this quarter and kind of how do you see the comps trending going forward into Q4 and next fiscal year?
David Powers: Yeah, I think a couple of things. I think some of the exclusive products in our DTC channel paid off and having a reason to go to already commerce side to our store. I think the digital marketing teams have done a tremendous job of reaching our consumers in a more qualified and haggard way driving them to our sites. I'm particularly pleased with the ecommerce results despite the fact we did open Amazon, we had Macy's as a key partner selling online as well. So again see the strength of the brand and the work that the digital marketing teams are doing. And then in our stores I think we heard quite a few comments over the quarter and I would agree that the stores looked better than ever because of the lifestyle components in the stores, so more compelling head to toe storytelling, better presentation, helped with conversion, helped with ASPs and UPTs and so we'll continue to build on that momentum. I feel good about those channels going forward. There's still a traffic headwind out there and people shifting online, but our omnichannel capabilities are helping greatly and reopened in East Coast 3PL this quarter which improved our delivery time to consumers quite dramatically. That was an investment that we made, but that paid off in better customer service and better sales.
Thomas George: As far as the comp assumptions in the fourth quarter, our DTC comp is expected to be up low single digits and that's compared flat euro going, so that brings the euro up mid-single digits relative to low single digits last year.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Okay, great. That's really helpful. And then just a quick follow up on your comments around your supply chain initiatives. Can you provide a little bit more color on kind of some of the specific projects that were completed this fiscal year? What you're looking to accomplish over the next year and kind of what inning you feel like you guys are in right now in terms of those projects?
David Powers: Yeah, so we're making great progress in there. A lot of it has come down to material sourcing. We've done great work over the last couple of years on sheep skins, pricing and utilization of those materials. But the teams across the board from the product design and development and go to market teams and the supply chain have worked on shortening product development cycle on key styles, improving skew efficiency and just making sure that we are spending the time in the right areas so that the factories can provide better pricing on some of our key franchise styles that are going to help the bottom line overall. Continuing to move production outside of China into Vietnam, we've made great progress there and then continuing the consolidation of our factory base. So I think that there is still opportunity there and the teams are working against that and we'll identify that within the FY20 plans, but it's good to see that that work across board from the focus of the teams all the way from design to the store thinking is paying off sooner than expected.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bob Drbul, Guggenheim Investments. Please proceed with your question.
Bob Drbul: Hi, guys. Good afternoon. I just had a couple of questions here, the first one is, can you give us an update on the KOOLABURRA brand and can you discuss the opportunity to sell the UGG brand and where that relationship stands today?
David Powers: Yeah, so this is the second year of KOOLABURRA in the market place. We initially launched with course last year and the performance of that brand in course and other key accounts that we filter this year were great. So I'm very pleased with how that brand as performed. The accounts like it because it's higher priced in some of the private label and lower priced - quite a lot of boots have performed in that channel, so it's give them higher price, good and healthy margins which helps with their - obviously AFPs and their channel as well. As far as the opportunities to get it going forward, we're going to build on that momentum, we're going to send to some key accounts going into FY18, we have improved margins from the scale that we're getting through those accounts and so we still see KOOLABURRA small, but can be - have an impact on growth for the company over the next couple of years and we're continuing to drive that fast because it's resonating well with the consumer and important in those key accounts. With regards to UGG, if you remember when we launched KOOLABURRA, we said we're launching it so that we can better segment UGG in the market place. There are absolutely no plans to bring UGG down to course. That level of the market, the family channel or the mid tiered department stores were utilizing KOOLABURRA as a way to continue to elevate UGG market place, but filling some of that distribution gap with the KOOLABURRA brand, which we think has opportunity going forward.
Bob Drbul: Great and on one of the category you call that was the slipper business, is that specifically to a younger customer, the 18 to 24 year old customer that you feel like you're making progress with or is that sort of a broader success that you're experiencing today?
David Powers: I think it's a broader success, but the sharp point is the younger consumer and what I love about it is you're starting to see - there's a slipper movement happening and I think the UGG is leading it and I think we're going to take full advantage of it both in men's and women's. Our Tasman style has been doing extremely well. That's a heritage style that's been in line for some time and you're starting to see that be adopted by a younger male and female consumer and a lot of the fashion iterations the team has done on slippers are working very well and getting noticed by younger consumers. So the course with the business is strong and the new slipper business that we are creating through fashion iterations and more of an indoor/outdoor mentality are performing well and creating energy for the category.
Bob Drbul: Great, thank you very much guys.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. Now, I'd like to turn the call back to Dave Powers for closing remarks.
David Powers: Thanks. We're extremely pleased with our performance in the third quarter and this once again demonstrates we're on the right path. The team's ability to exceed our target over last year is proof that we're aggressively pursuing and implementing improvement opportunities and driving long-term value to our shareholders. I'm especially impressed with the tenacity and focus of the team despite the numerous distractions the company faced over the last year. This demonstrates the strength of the Deckers organization. Our board of directors, the management team and employees are committed to realizing our long range vision. I'm proud of all of our accomplishments to this point, but know there is still work ahead. I want to thank all of our stakeholders for their support and continued dedication to improving our organization as we continue on this journey.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q2  (2017-10-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: David Powers - CEO Steve Fasching - VP of Strategy & IR Thomas George - CFO
Analysts: Randal Konik - Jefferies Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity Jay Sole - Morgan Stanley Corinna Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Andrew Roberge - Guggenheim Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray  Mitchel Kummetz - Pivotal Research Scott Krasik - The Buckingham Research
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Second Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I'll now turn the conference over to Steve Fasching, Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, and welcome, everyone, joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's safe harbour policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbour from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance, including, but not limited to, our projected revenue, margins, expenses, earnings per share and operating profit improvement as well as statements regarding our cost savings and restructuring plans, strategies for our products and brands and our review of strategic alternatives. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent the company's current expectations and are based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in its expectations or as a result of the availability of new information. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
David Powers: Thanks, Steve. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. Before we discuss our second quarter fiscal 2018 financial and operating results, I'd like to briefly address the press release we issued this afternoon regarding the strategic review process. As you know, beginning in April, our Board of Directors conducted a comprehensive process to understand the level of interest in an acquisition of Deckers. We retained independent advisers to assist in our extensive review of ways to maximize shareholder value. This included looking at an outright sale of the company as well as looking at other value drivers, such as the sale of certain assets, capital structure optimization and various ways to return capital to shareholders. The board considered and pursued all options. After a careful and thorough evaluation, the board has concluded the process and has determined the best way to maximize shareholder value is to focus on aggressively driving the operating profit improvement plan, combined with an increased share repurchase authorization to $400 million. The intention is to purchase a considerable amount by fiscal year end 2018. The board remains open to considering and pursuing all strategic options to create value for shareholders but will no longer be actively pursuing a sale of the entire company at this time. Our efficiency initiatives position us well to achieve the operating profit targets established for fiscal 2018 and beyond. We continue to focus on driving improvements in the business through streamlining our cost structure, improving our operating profit, and when combined with the share repurchase program, simultaneously returning capital to stockholders and positioning Deckers for accelerated EPS growth. We are very confident in our projected earnings growth. With a strong balance sheet, cash position, projected cash flow and relatively modest capital expenditures, the board feels it's the right time to announce the authorization of a significant share repurchase program. This will be funded through domestic cash flows and supplemented by modest incremental leverage. The board believes that the business can be conservatively support a debt-to-EBITDA ratio of 1x while also providing significant flexibility to support our growth initiatives and seasonal working capital needs. The share repurchase program will accelerate our EPS growth as we execute our $100 million operating profit improvement plan by the end of fiscal year 2020. We plan to repurchase shares in the open market and will opportunistically consider strategies to enhance our buyback. Now turning to our results. I am very pleased to say, we had another quarter of strong results, but before digging into the details, I think it is important to take a step back and talk about our transformation journey. Back in February, we discussed the need to create a new path forward, one that would lead to significant improvement in our profit margins and build a solid foundation for sustainable growth. At that time, we discussed elements of a cost savings program that would drive gross savings in excess of $150 million. We also discussed our work with a top-tier consultant, AlixPartners, with whom we began working in August 2016. They helped validate our findings as well as contribute additional profit-enhancing opportunities. The team has been hard at work and we are well into implementing these initiatives. On our fiscal year end call back in May, we discussed how this more than $150 million in gross margin improvement and SG&A savings would translate into an incremental $100 million of operating profit by the end of our fiscal year 2020 and would generate operating margins of at least 13%. In order to achieve this goal, we have made significant changes, and we are at the early stages of seeing the results of our efforts. This quarter is an example of the organization's commitment and ability to deliver on the items we have articulated, which include supply chain initiatives, implementation of process improvement efficiencies, indirect spend reductions and retail store closures. During the first 6 months of fiscal 2018, we have made meaningful headway in improving our operating structure and driving efficiencies throughout the organization. To put our progress into perspective, during the first half of this fiscal year, gross margin is up approximately 130 basis points over the same period last year. Our non-GAAP operating expenses are down $12 million and our operating income increased $35 million. While the entire management team is pleased with the initial results of our profit improvement plan, we are committed to becoming an even more efficient and nimble organization, increasing profitability and driving greater shareholder value over the long-term. As we continue to evolve our organization and execute on our plan, we are identifying further opportunities to drive incremental profitability beyond 13%. Our second quarter results, which exceeded our expectations across the board, are proof positive that our plan is working. Revenues were $482 million, which was 10% better than our guidance and nearly flat to last year. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $1.54, up 25% from last year and ahead of our guidance range of $1 to $1.05. This strong performance was driven by several factors, and Tom will provide more details in a moment. Now to discuss our lifestyle group's performance for the quarter. Beginning with Fashion & Lifestyle, UGG revenue was $400 million, which exceeded our expectations. While a significant portion of the higher-than-expected revenue was timing based and resulted from the earlier shipments of products, we are pleased that we exceeded our DTC plans and saw great success with men's and women's slippers as well as sneakers. Sale-through of slippers were strong in the second quarter and gives us great confidence in our strategy to create a year-round business and bring younger consumers into the brand. The Ascot, Tasman and Coquette all had a strong quarter and we expect this trend to continue. On a product note, the second quarter also saw the introduction of the UGG Classic Waterproof in the short and mini silhouettes. The Waterproof Classic is yet another example of our continued focus on driving innovation and product development while addressing the functional needs expressed by our consumers. For our key holiday season, we are planning a stronger mix of full-price selling compared to last year due to a stronger overall product line-up and cleaner inventory in the channel. We believe that the inventory at our wholesale partners is better positioned as compared to last year, both in terms of quantity and composition. We had strong sell-through -- sell-in of men's styles like the Neumel, Ascot and Hartley. Several women's Classic II styles and also kids with the introduction of the Classic II for kids this fall. These are a few examples of how we are continuing to drive the UGG brand transformation in the marketplace. We are focused on building strong, longer-lasting relationships with our existing consumers, while also attracting the attention of a new generation just being introduced to the brand. We have an incredible opportunity to leverage the power of the UGG brand and create a deeper relationship with our existing consumers, while at the same time attracting a new consumer with compelling product. Shifting to our Performance Lifestyle group, HOKA had another great quarter with revenue of $41 million, up 34% over last year and above plan. The solid performance was driven by reorders from our global wholesale partners and strong DTC growth. This is a result of our focus on building brand awareness while maintaining authenticity with the core runner. We are building on HOKA's momentum among serious runners by reaching new customers through word-of-mouth endorsement. For instance, HOKA recently sponsored the IRONMAN World Championship in Kona and was the #1 most worn shoe with over 18% of the participants wearing the brand, handily beating the second-place shoe. HOKA is the fastest-growing shoe in IRONMAN history, as just 3 years ago, its share was 6%. HOKA's reputation for lightweight performance, quality and comfort is driving increased awareness and adoption to a wider range of consumers who are looking for new products that fit their needs. We are confident that this momentum will continue as spring/summer 2018 bookings were up 50% on September 30 versus the same time last year, driven by the Clifton, Bondi and Arahi styles. This includes significant international growth as we are just beginning to scratch the surface of the global market opportunity. We are particularly proud of the growth we have seen in HOKA's annual sales over the past 4 years, increasing from under $10 million to over $100 million. This quarter, we saw significant margin improvements from our Teva and Sanuk brands. Teva revenues also came in better than anticipated at $21 million, up nearly 25% to last year, while gross margins were up nearly 440 basis points. Sanuk revenue was in line with expectations for the quarter and down compared to a year ago as we strategically closed certain international wholesale accounts and reduced closeouts nearly 50%. As a result of our work, Sanuk gross margins were up almost 1,000 basis points year-over-year. The margin increases are a direct result of our execution to further enhance these brands' contribution through a focus on more full-price selling and cost containment. Looking ahead, we are optimistic with both brands' spring and summer 2018 product line-up, with strong U.S. bookings for the season. Now moving on to our performance by channel. DTC comps increased 3.7% in the quarter, which was slightly above guidance, with both E-Commerce and retail contributing to the beat with favourable performance in both domestic and international markets. We saw improvements in conversion rates at retail, stronger-than-expected performance by the UGG and HOKA brands, sell-through of exclusive product in DTC and product offerings within the tall boot category. Global wholesale revenue was also better than expected, with the timing of UGG global orders contributing to the majority of the beat, along with strong demand for HOKA, which resulted in net reorders for the quarter. Domestic wholesale revenue was down mid-single digits compared to last year, while international wholesale was up low single digits driven by the strength we are seeing in Europe. As previously mentioned, closeouts were down significantly in the quarter, which helped drive a 230-basis point increase in wholesale gross margins. These results give me confidence that our transformation plan is working. We are taking the right steps to improve the business and these results are further proof. With the strong second quarter performance and greater confidence in the full year, we are increasing our annual guidance, and Tom will provide further detail. Now, I'll turn the call over to Tom to provide more details about the quarter.
Thomas George: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I will walk you through the details on our strong second quarter and first half fiscal 2018 results and provide an outlook for the third quarter and updated guidance for fiscal 2018. Please note, throughout this discussion, where I refer to non-GAAP financial measures, I am referring to results before taking into account restructuring and other charges that our management believes are not core to our ongoing operating results. Also note, our non-GAAP results are not adjusted for constant currency. A reconciliation between our reported GAAP results and the non-GAAP results can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our website under the Investors tab. Now to our results. For the second quarter, as Dave mentioned, revenue was $482 million, nearly flat to last year. However, this was significantly above our guidance of down 10%. The beat was driven by earlier-than-planned shipments, UGG DTC outperformance, HOKA domestic wholesale reorders and a DTC comp of up 3.7%. Breaking down the revenue upside. $29 million was due to timing as product originally expected to ship in the third quarter shifted into the second. $7 million came from better-than-expected UGG DTC performance. $6 million was from favourable foreign currency rates versus our expectation largely in European currencies, and $3 million was from higher demand for the HOKA brand as we continue to experience exceptional growth in the U.S. wholesale channel. Gross margins were up 220 basis points over last year and were also much better than our expectations. The main drivers of the year-over-year increase were lower closeout shipments, executing on our supply chain initiatives and a higher mix of DTC revenue. Non-GAAP SG&A dollar spend was $157 million, down 2.6% from last year's $161 million. As a percent of revenue, SG&A expenses were 32.6% in the quarter versus 33.2% last year. Non-GAAP earnings per share came in at $1.54 compared to last year's $1.23 and our guidance range of $1 to $1.05. The combination of better-than-expected revenue, gross margin and operating leverage drove the beat. Breaking this down, approximately $0.22 was related to the shift in revenue, $0.15 from more favourable foreign currency exchange rates and $0.11 of improved operational performance due to supply chain initiatives that drove gross margin improvements, stronger results from our DTC channel, higher demand for our HOKA brand along with fewer closeouts. Non-GAAP adjustments in the quarter were $0.5 million and were related to the strategic alternatives review process and other organizational changes. Our first half of fiscal 2018 results included revenues were $692 million, up $32 million to last year. Gross margin was 45.6%, an increase of nearly 130 basis points over last year. Non-GAAP SG&A dollars were $302 million, a decline of $12 million from last year. And non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.27 versus a loss of $0.55 last year. Our balance sheet at September 30 remained strong, with cash and equivalents of $231 million, up from $110 million at September 30 of last year. Inventory was down 4% to $556 million from $578 million at the same time last year. And short-term borrowings of $133 million, down from $278 million last year. Over the past 12 months, our margin enhancement initiatives along with the management of our balance sheet has resulted in free cash flow generation of over $280 million. Now moving on to our outlook. For the third quarter of fiscal 2018, we expect revenue to be in the range of $735 million to $745 million, and non-GAAP earnings per share in the range of $3.65 to $3.75. There are a couple key items to note for our third quarter guidance. Revenue is down from last year primarily due to the timing of orders from the third quarter into the second. And last year, we did not fully pay out performance-based compensation, and in the quarter, this headwind accounts for about $10 million in operating expenses, which equates to approximately $0.25 on after-tax earnings per share basis. For fiscal 2018, we are increasing guidance. Revenues are now expected to be in the range of up 1% to up 2%, gross margins of approximately 47.5%, SG&A as a percent of revenue of approximately 37%, operating margin of 10.5% and non-GAAP earnings per share now in the range of $4.15 to $4.30. The effective tax rate for the year is assumed to be 26%. We are also updating our brand and channel-level guidance. Brand revenues are anticipated to be: UGG down low single digits, HOKA up approximately 40%, Teva up mid-single digits and Sanuk flat to down low single digits. Full-year guidance assumes the following. DTC comp down low single digits to up low single digits. Domestic wholesale revenue down mid- to low single digits and international wholesale revenue growth now up high single digits to up low double digits. Finally, on our sheepskin pricing update. We continue to see stable prices in the sheepskin market. We expect our sheepskin costs for fiscal 2019 will be similar to this year and to not materially affect our gross margin. This does not constitute our gross margin guidance for next year as our sheepskin costs are only one component of our gross margins. Now I'll turn it back to Dave for his closing remarks.
David Powers: Thank you, Tom. Reflected on our progress so far this year, I'd like to reiterate my confidence in a few things: our profit improvement plan to drive operating margin to better than 10.5% this fiscal year; our ability to achieve an operating margin of at least 13% by the end of fiscal 2020, which would put Deckers in the top quartile of our industry; our ability to implement a capital allocation framework that will drive an increased ROIC; and a plan to create a capital structure that will drive increased shareholder value and return meaningful capital to shareholders through a robust share repurchase program. We have the right management team in place that intimately know the drivers of the business, and we are supported by an outstanding organization that is driving structural improvements in the business in the face of dynamic marketplace headwinds. I am now more confident than ever that we will achieve our fiscal 2020 operating margin target. As always, I would like to thank our employees for their hard work and dedication as well as our shareholders for their continued support. Before turning it over to Q&A, I would like to briefly address our upcoming Annual Meeting on December 14. We have been speaking with and will continue to speak directly with many of Deckers' shareholders to hear first-hand what they think about the future direction and leadership of the company. Deckers has a diverse and experienced Board of Directors that is actively engaged in our transformation process and is helping to deliver continued operational improvement. Our board works closely with management, and has been and will continue to be a significant agent of change to improve Deckers' performance and drive shareholder value. Now, as we get into Q&A, I'd like to remind all participants that the purpose of today's call is to discuss our earnings results and the outcome of our strategic review, so we ask that you please keep your questions focused on these topics. We thank you for your cooperation in that regard. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Randy Konik from Jefferies.
Randal Konik: So, I guess, a question for Dave. You showed nice progress in the quarter, even ex the timing shift. So, I guess what I want to talk about is, how do you think about distribution, both domestically and abroad, as we get towards the -- as we lay out the 2020 plan? Like, how are you making -- how are you thinking about making progress around the key accounts, working more closely there on the domestic side, and then give us some update on how you're approaching international development further. That's my first question.
David Powers: Yes, great question, Randy. So, as you know, we've been working pretty aggressively in North America over the last 12, 18 months to reduce the amount distribution we have in this marketplace and elevate it with key partners, and we've made great progress to that event -- or to that goal. Over the last year, coming into Q3, we have roughly 350 fewer points of distribution in North America, and that's net of the new stores that we are now selling in through Macy's.  So, we'll continue to skinny down that distribution list strategically in the right way in North America and continue to work with the top partners in a more strategic way, which we again, we started about 12 months ago: meeting with them on a regular basis, prelining product, having robust segmentation strategy conversations with them and collaborating on how we can better elevate the presentation in-store and online to our consumers. So, we'll continue that in North America.  I think the important thing to know in North America also is that part of the long-term strategy is that we are focused on strategically growing and maintaining the core Classic business, but at the same time, aggressively growing in new areas of opportunity, which is men's, spring and summer across all categories and then in lifestyle. From an international standpoint, Europe continues to be a strength of ours. We're opening up new distribution there, we opened up [Asos] this past spring to give us a better digital presence in that marketplace, and that's been very successful.  They're buying a broad range of product. And we're continuing to look for more strategic partners, particularly in Germany, where we see a lot of upside still. And then in Asia Pacific, the key opportunity there that we've talked about over the time period is in our China partners, the third-party partner retail. We have some very strong large partners over there who are seeing success with our business right now and are -- continue to be excited about opening more doors and partnering with us across all categories to expand our distribution, our reach in that marketplace. And of course, this is all in line with our overall intent to drive more product through our DTC channels, particularly our E-Commerce channel. And we're ramping up our digital analytics and our digital marketing through social and influencers to continue that drive that channel at the same time.
Randal Konik: That's very helpful. And then I guess my -- it seems I got one more follow-up here. The way you kind of framed out operating margin, it sounded like increased confidence around obtaining that 13% -- at least 13% goal in fiscal 2020. It almost sounds like -- it's almost more of a starting point. So, has there been some things that have come up in your transformation process that you've identified where you said, "This could be additional opportunity for us over the next 3 to 5 years as we kind of go forward." Just trying to get a sense of bringing that increased confidence to that long-term -- operating margin guidance and the drivers.
David Powers: Yes, I think, what I was alluding to there, is since we started down this journey of the profit improvement plan over 1.5 years ago, we realized that we were able to identify some cost savings pretty much across the board from an SG&A perspective, but also a significant amount, about 1/3 of $150 million, in cost of goods sold. So, having that level of visibility across the business now gives us more visibility into the puts and takes and the opportunities going forward. I'm not at liberty to say exactly right now where we think there is additional opportunity or how much there is, but suffice to say that the entire organization is focused on improving the profitability of the company. We think that the traction in the business we're seeing already, the margin flow-through in the last quarter, the way we're cleaning up distribution, we're reducing closeouts, coupled with the SG&A improvements and the COGS improvements, leads us to believe that there's potentially more opportunity ahead of us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mitch Kummetz from Pivotal Research.
Mitchel Kummetz: I guess, I got a couple for Tom. Tom, maybe just on the guidance, when you look at the cadence of the back half Q3 versus Q4, I think if you adjust your Q3 outlook for the $0.22 on the shift, you're still looking for kind of down earnings there. And then sort of default kind of Q4 guide is for a pretty big year-over-year uptick in the earnings. Can you just help us out a little bit? I mean, I feel that's consistent with kind of how you've laid this out for the last couple of years. But is there anything else we really need to be thinking about in terms of kind of that quarterly flow?
Thomas George: I think, Mitch, you've got it laid out really well. Relative to the prior year as well as relative to our old guidance, the biggest driver is that timing, that $29 million of sales and $0.22 per share that moved into the second quarter versus the third quarter. Another thing to point out is at these levels of profitability, there's the opportunity for increased incentive comp as well as there's some increased marketing. We're going to focus more marketing into this quarter relative to some of the other quarters. And as a result of that, you do have some higher operating expenses that puts some pressure on the earnings per share as well.
Mitchel Kummetz: Okay. And then on the revenue guide, you've obviously raised the revenue guide. I think last time, you provided some guardrails kind of around weather and macro things like that. Has anything changed? I mean, obviously, the overall revenue guidance has gone up, but in terms kind of underlying assumptions, again, around kind of weather and macro, has anything changed on that front from where you were, I think, as of the last quarter?
A - Thomas George: I think in terms of weather, pretty much the same assumption as before. What we have done though for the -- especially the December quarter, is given the current marketplace out there, we wanted to take a more cautious view on the promotional environment. So, we've taken down our gross margin in the December quarter a little bit. We still expect it to be at the low end of the guidance, at least flat to the prior year and a little bit higher at the high end, but that's probably the only thing there. Steve, you want to jump in?
Steve Fasching: Yes. Maybe -- and just a little bit of caution with you mentioned weather, with the warm start to October, what we factored in is a little bit caution with the warm start to the quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity.
Camilo Lyon: Got a couple of questions. I guess just dovetailing off of the last comment you made there, Steve. The warmer start to October, I think it's now probably more or less the third or so warm start to the fall season. But I think what's been different, correct me if I'm wrong here, is that there hasn't been a level of panic that we've been accustomed to seeing by the retailers. Maybe you can talk a little bit to that and maybe talk about the conversations you're having with those retail partners today as we approach November. What do you think is the kind of the panic date that, that really starts to set in? And how does that translate into, I guess, the pace of promotionality? You've just mentioned a little more promotionality expected for Q4 and December. Was that -- does that really start to ramp now and is there an impact there to how they're viewing the later quarter receipts?
David Powers: Yes. So, this is Dave, I can answer that. First of all, I think I would start with, as you know Camilo, we spent a lot of time over last year cleaning up the channel. And if you remember, last year, around this time, we had the challenge of the Classic I transition and then closeout carryover from the previous Q4 that retailers were holding into Q3 of fall '17 -- fall '16, sorry. That is behind us.  And so, we feel very good about the setup for this quarter. Suffice to say, the inventory channel is -- inventory in the channel is cleaner and healthier from both a composition and a quantity perspective. So, you have a situation where you're going into the quarter where the retailers feel good about their inventory levels, the channel is not stuffed and I think, overall, they're feeling confident in the brand. Albeit, there's a slow start across the business to everybody because of the weather, but the inventory levels are much better in line. We don't have the level of closeouts planned into the quarter. That being said, there is always that risk of -- and I wouldn't call it panic, but obviously going on promotion in certain areas. So, we plan a conservative amount of that into our business, but it won't be to the level that we saw last year.
Camilo Lyon: Is it fair to say that in that cleaning up of that channel, you've gotten retail partners that are a little bit more patient with the promotional trigger and more supportive of the brand in totality? That it seems to like there's been...
David Powers: Yes, I think that's safe to say. Yes, as you remember last year, that we had a couple of people going off-price. Those days are behind us. We have -- I think we have the right distribution with the right partners who understand the value in full-price sales and what it does to their business. And it's in their best interest to maintain the full price through the season where we can.
Camilo Lyon: Got it. And then just my next question, my follow-up question is store closures. Can you just update us on your thinking around store closures, the quantity and the timing? And how do you think about the recapture of those closures?
David Powers: Yes. So, retail is obviously a healthy conversation across the industry and it's an important one for us. It's important in our long-range operating improvement plan. As you know, we've put long-range targets out there for approximately 125 stores by the end of FY '20. Long-term, that's still our target. I think what is important to know, that to get to that ultimate ideal store level, there's a lot of considerations that you have to take a look at that are in the best interest of the shareholders.  So, lease expirations, lease negotiations, location and type of concept store or type of store that we have in the mix. So, between now and that time, we're going through the process of evaluating the best timing. And I think it's important to know that you could spend a lot of money to quickly get out of a large number of stores, but that's highly dilutive to the profitability of the company in the short term. Exiting stores in this environment, particularly when you have a small amount of store -- store locations globally, such as we do, with a strong balance sheet, you have very little negotiating power.  So, what you'll start to see is more reduction in store counts starting mostly in FY '19. That's when a lot of our lease expirations come up for review, and then we'll continue to manage that through to the end of FY '20 and get to our ideal target. At the same time, we are still taking efforts to enhance the performance of our fleet. We've made quite a few steps to improve operating expenses within the stores, but also the HQ support network of those stores: elevating our experience, leveraging our Omni-Channel capabilities, bringing more exclusive product to our DTC channel and just elevating overall service and engagement. So, we're managing both the top line and the experience as well as managing to the bottom line.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Sole with Morgan Stanley.
Jay Sole: Dave, I just wanted to follow up on the strategic review and just make sure I understood what the message is. It sounded like there's no effort being made at this time for an outright sale of the company. But does that exclude the possibility of selling a brand or taking some other strategic action with part of the company?
David Powers: Yes. At this point, we're focused on the plan going forward. I think what's important to know is that the strategic process did not end in the ultimate sale of the entire company. And the board and management feel like the best plan going forward is to double down on the plan that we have in front of us. We think that will return the most shareholder value over the next few years. And then enhancing that with stockholder -- or sorry, the share buyback, proves to be the better way to bring shareholder value, both in the short-term and long-term, to our shareholders. So, the process evaluated all options, ultimately, did not end in the sale of the entire company. But we're always open-minded and we'll continue to work to see how we can always evaluate those opportunities with the shareholder interest in mind throughout the process.
Jay Sole: Okay, got it. And then, if I can follow up on the last question about the doors. Can you just talk about the interplay between doors and obviously, E-Commerce sales for the UGG brand? And what the interplay is between having a store and what that does for the E-Commerce sales in the area? And how you think about the store base in relation to what you think you can do online directly with the UGG brand?
David Powers: Yes. As you know, we spent a lot of time over the last few years really enhancing our ability to service the consumer both in our stores and online. And those lines have blurred obviously, throughout the industry. And I think to our advantage, we're able to manage the engagement of the consumer and the sale of the consumer through stores and/or E-Commerce. We have the capabilities of Click & Collect so you can purchase online and pick up in-store. We're now offering ship from store, which is a better way of managing our inventory. Through Infinite UGG, you can purchase in-store and that gets delivered from online. And the teams are -- it's a shared group of teams that are managing the business across both retail and E-Commerce. T They're optimizing inventory flow and offering to the consumer. And every time we open a store, we do see a pickup in the E-Commerce business in the range of roughly 15% to 50% in some cases in that demographic area. But we're managing that as we look at the long-term fleet and what the right stores are in the right locations. But generally speaking, we do see an impact of the E-Commerce business from those stores. So, as we close stores over time, we don't expect all that revenue to go directly online or all of it to our wholesale partners. We will pick up some, but the good news is, is we have the customer information that we can continue to cultivate and we'll continue to drive more to our loyalty program so we can keep them in the fold and to continue to engage with them despite store closures.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Krasik from Buckingham Research.
Scott Krasik: So just a couple more clarifications on the announcement today. So, for the share buyback, you said you are planning to be as aggressive as possible buying stock back through the end of this fiscal year but nothing is considered in the press release -- or nothing is considered in the guidance, sorry.
David Powers: Correct.
Steve Fasching: Yes, just -- Scott, this is Steve. Just so we clarify on that. Yes, so we have made the announcement around the share repurchase. We did put out kind of a -- some time line in terms of the amount that we would intend to purchase by the year end. But we wanted to be clear on the EPS, that, that does not contemplate a share repurchase. We're trying to show a like-for-like so that the actual raise that you're seeing in the guidance is not related to a share repurchase. It's actually the flow-through of the business improvement. So, depending on what the share repurchase is, that will accelerate our earnings per share growth.
Scott Krasik: Okay. And then just in terms of the comment about the debt, so is that an ongoing target, like, as you generate cash and EBITDA goes up, then you'll continue to buy back stock to maintain that 1x leverage?
Thomas George: No, it's not an ongoing target. I think the comment about that was, historically, we've had a conservative balance sheet. Now that we're executing well on our long-term plan and we got -- see further improvement in profitability going forward and further working capital improvements, we feel that it's an appropriate point in time to consider and evaluate the concept of some long-term debt, and we'll start slow, i.e., we think the company can easily support 1x EBITDA. So that's more of an evaluation of some initial thoughts around raising some long-term debt. That doesn't necessarily mean we'll always maintain that 1x EBITDA.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Drbul with Guggenheim Securities.
Andrew Roberge: This is Andrew Roberge on for Bob. Our first question, is just kind of -- could you guys talk about how your business is doing on Amazon right now? And then maybe also fill that into, I know you guys recently entered Macy's and how that's doing in Macy's?
David Powers: Sure. I have to comment on those. So, as you know, we started with Amazon early this year in January with the spring line. And then we filled in product over the last Q1 and actually, the end of Q4, we sold an inventory to take them into fall. I would say that we are proceeding well or proceeding on plan. The conversations with Amazon from Tracy and the teams, our North American sales teams, have been healthy. They've been strategic. And I would say they've been in the best interest of the brand.  So, we continue to monitor that relationship, the presence of the brand closely with Amazon and meeting with them on a regular basis to make sure that we have the best possible presentation and we have the right inventory at the right time for that consumer. Pretty much the same situation with Macy's. Again, we've been working closely with them over last year. The 30-store test that we did last year proved well. We're now in 200 doors with the women's line, all full-service doors, no self-service doors.  And we're in 50 men's doors with Macy's as well. That business is proceeding on plan. I know from visibility to the Herald Square concession that we have that it's strong. And we think that will continue to be a great access point for the consumer and a healthy robust business for us over time. So, heading into Q3, we feel good about both of those right now, and I think that's going to continue to be a long-term partner for us.
Andrew Roberge: And then kind of if we can shift to your own E-Commerce and DTC operations. Can you just talk about you're -- the UGG Closet and UGG Rewards, how they are performing? What -- against your expectations and then maybe how many members you now have?
David Powers: Yes. So, I'll talk about the Closet first. As you know, that's a short-term window that we open up on certain weekends throughout the year, to help us clear carryover inventory or closeout inventory. That's been a great vehicle for us to better maintain healthy margins on closeout inventory versus selling that in the channel. We are monitoring that. We don't want that to get too big and we do look at it in the context of the full marketplace, not specifically just the E-Commerce business. So, it helps us manage closeouts across the entire marketplace in North America. So, we'll continue to use that as a tool. But the other great benefit of the closet is that it allows us to bring new consumers into the brand, and we gain their information. So, we can continue to cultivate that relationship with them. It does bring new consumers into our database, which is a great side benefit to that. And that is in line with our loyalty program. We launched our loyalty program last year. I think we're up to about 650,000 loyalty customers right now. We're starting to lap the first year of loyalty programs with them. So, we can now go out to, I think, about 1/3 of that list in Q3 with incentives to bring them back to shop again. And we're going to continue to focus to build that program because it's a great way to stay connected and further engage with our customer and cultivate them for the long-term. So, so far, so good on both those initiatives.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Corinna Van der Ghinst from Citi Research.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: First of all, I think you guys have done a better job on closeouts and there was a question on closet. Can you talk about just how you're managing the balance of the promotions going forward across those sites? And is it really a different consumer that you're seeing between the 2 sites? It sounds like you're continuing to offer promotions across both.
David Powers: Yes. We still -- we continue to offer sale items on our full site. But the closet is specifically one in that you have to sign up to enter the site, and then there's additional closeouts at really further discounts than you would see on the main site. So, think about that as an outlet versus a full-price store is probably the best way to think about it. And it's not entirely new consumers, but it is -- we do see more and more new customers coming in because it's an opportunity to access the brand at a lower price point versus the full-price product that we have in the marketplace. So, I think they work well hand-in-hand, and it allows us to keep our full-price experience elevated and premium while still allowing us to clear in a profitable way from a digital online perspective.
Corinna Van der Ghinst: Okay, that's helpful. And just in terms of gaining the younger consumer. What is it that give you guys confidence that you are kind of gaining traction with that younger consumer? And you did talk about adding some marketing spend in the third quarter. Is that kind of targeted towards that initiative? Or can you give some more colour behind the incremental spend for this fall?
David Powers: Yes. Happy to do that. So, 2 things with the marketing this fall. One, is we have really, really shifted our marketing spend online and digitally through social and influencers and search, et cetera. And part of the overall marketing strategy of the UGG brand is to maintain our core customer base but also cultivate a younger consumer. So, you'll see that. And the look and feel of the marketing itself, you'll see that on where we show up, the type of influencers we're using.  And we're seeing some great traction with younger consumers from our Jeremy Scott launch and our Phillip Lim launch. Some of the work we've done with Footaction and some celebrities in the hip-hop space, they're really helping bring new consumers into the brand. We're really seeing a dramatic shift in our men's business, which is being adopted by a younger consumer in new channels and we're going to continue to work on that. The other thing that we did this fall from marketing's perspective is we've taken some of the savings through our cost savings plan that we did last year from a global perspective and pushed that marketing spend further into Q3 than earlier in Q2.  So, for example, last year, we spent a lot of money in August, September promoting the brand, promoting the launch of Classics II. And what we decided to do this year is shift more of that marketing into the core season to get a further acceleration of the sales from that marketing spend. So, you'll start to see really heavy marketing for the UGG brand starting to kick in, in the beginning of November more so than you did last year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffrey.
Erinn Murphy: Dave, I guess, my first question was for you. I was hoping you could square away a couple of comments. In your prepared remarks, you talked about just the opportunity this holiday season to see a bigger full-price sell-through. What percent of your units are you currently selling full price versus where you want to be? And then just trying to square that away with the comment you guys made just on the overall promotional environment that you continue to see ongoing.
David Powers: Yes. Erinn, we haven't really disclosed that information of full-price sell-through in previous years, and it would be hard to me to say what we're planning right now off the top of my head. But generally speaking, you'll probably see, I would say, a 10 to 20 percentage point improvement in full-price sell-through this fall than you did last fall. That's a combination of things. As I said before, there's less closeouts and carryover product in the channel. And then we're selling in, in a more conservative approach. More so in kind of key Classic categories. So, there is an upside in inventory, as I said, in men's, in winter boots and some of the new product launches, but from a Classics perspective, we are -- we've been really more conservative on inventory into the channel. So, we're -- the plan there is to sell more at full price, optimize margins and have a better overall online and brick-and-mortar experience for the consumer. Can you repeat your second question, Erinn?
Erinn Murphy: Well, I was just trying to understand that comment. You were pretty confident in being able to sell fuller price this holiday season, which your context helped with that. But then you also talked about you're planning for a more promotional environment as you guys were kind of speaking to the guidance during the third quarter piece.
Steve Fasching : Yes. So Erinn, that's not -- that more promotional isn't in reference to last year. That's in kind of from the previous guidance. So, while we have increased our guidance, kind of the question that was asked was more about, what are the assumptions in the change from the previous guidance? So, we've raised our guidance and part of the Q3 guidance, what we've said is, from what we had previously thought 3 months ago, we're just being a little more cautious about the promotional environment.
David Powers: Yes, which has really led from a general marketplace perspective, not specific to the UGG brand.
Thomas George: We're not seeing it right now but we think at this point in time early in the quarter, it's good -- it's better to be cautious.
Operator: That is all the time that we have for questions. I'd like to hand it back over to Dave Powers for closing remarks.
David Powers: Thanks, operator. In closing, I think it's clear from our first half performance and recent actions that our management team and Board of Directors are committed to taking the necessary steps to maximize shareholder value. We are confident that the course we have set for Deckers will allow us to achieve this overarching goal. We have laid out a robust and well-thought-through plan that will provide brand-enhancing growth and meaningful profit enhancement. It calls for rightsizing our business, improving how we go to market, leveraging our supply chain and elevating our brand in key channels. In this marketplace transition, we feel that our plan offers the right combination of profit improvement and delivers meaningful shareholder value over the next couple of years. In the meantime, we are focused on executing our plan and elevating our brands and consumer experience globally. This is the right plan with the right team and the right brands. We appreciate your support and look forward to updating everyone on our continued progress during our third quarter fiscal call in February. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-07-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp. David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp. Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.
Analysts: Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC Corinna Gayle Van Der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co. Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Steve Fasching, VP, Strategy and Investor Relations.
Steve Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks and welcome, everyone, joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements, and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance, including, but not limited to, our projected revenue, margins, expenses, earnings per share and operating profit improvement, as well as statements regarding our cost savings and restructuring plans, strategies for our products and brands, and our review of strategic alternatives. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent the company's current expectations and are based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factor section of its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in its expectations or as a result of the availability of new information. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Steve. It has been a productive first year as CEO and a lot has transpired over the last 12 months. I am confident in the changes we are making to the business and believe the results of the last two quarters are providing the organization with the momentum needed to achieve the goals we have set for fiscal 2018 through fiscal 2020. The team has stepped up to the challenge and we are making significant progress in establishing the building blocks that will make us a more nimble, efficient and profitable company. Some highlights for the last 12 months include: the formulation of our $100 million operating profit improvement plan; implementation of marketplace transformation with a focus on elevating the consumer experience; the UGG brand's progress in diversifying its spring and summer line-up; enhancing our Omni-Channel capabilities; and launching new products and categories, including the UGG Classic II and new HOKA styles. These accomplishments, along with all the other initiatives our employees are tackling, make me confident that the steps we are taking are in the best interest of our brands and consumers and will also drive long-term shareholder value. Importantly, our results are beginning to show the progress we are making. Fiscal 2018 is off to a good start and continuing the momentum of the fourth quarter. Sales came in better than expected at $209.7 million, which was driven by a few factors. First, timing, as we shipped approximately $20 million of wholesale orders earlier than expected to optimize marketplace opportunities. Second, stronger than expected global reorders for UGG, HOKA and Teva spring product, reflecting consumer demand for these products. And third, double digit e-commerce growth, which drove a 12.7% increase in DTC comparable sales. The combination of higher sales and a decline in SG&A expenses of $7.9 million, driven by our cost savings plan, resulted in a non-GAAP loss per share of $1.28, a significant improvement over the loss of $1.80 same quarter last year. Before Tom walks you through more details of our financial performance, I will provide an overview of our brand and Omni-Channel performance and update you on the progress we are making on our operating profit improvement plan. Starting with our Fashion Lifestyle group, the first quarter is typically the lowest revenue quarter for the group. However, our continued focus on developing compelling spring and summer product, new key wholesale partnerships and the strengthening of our e-commerce business is quickly raising the significance of this quarter. UGG sales came in better than anticipated, $114.7 million, fueled by growth in the spring and summer product line, combined with some earlier than planned fall shipment. Our UGG spring/summer collection continues to make great strides, especially in the sneaker and sandal category, as the Tye and Sammy sneakers and Kari sandals sold out at wholesale across all regions. In particular, we are very encouraged with the performance of these categories which, combined, were up 20% year-over-year. This performance gives us confidence that our focus on developing compelling spring and summer product is resonating with our consumers and gaining traction in the marketplace. Initial reaction for spring/summer 2018 is very positive and it's contributing to the changing perception of UGG as a spring and summer brand. On top of the positive response to our current offering, first quarter e-commerce sales continued to benefit from our Omni-Channel capabilities and digital marketing efforts, such as ship-from-store, click-and-collect, and Infinite UGG. These capabilities provide the consumer more flexible ways to shop while also allowing us to manage DTC inventory levels more efficiently. Our Performance Lifestyle group delivered a very strong quarter, led by the HOKA brand which continues to exceed expectations. HOKA revenues grew 74.2% to $30.7 million versus $17.6 million last year, driven by a 77.7% increase in domestic wholesale sales along with solid gains in the international wholesale business. Included in the wholesale beat was a robust reorder business across all regions, a great indication that the brand continues to gain share in the run specialty channel. The HOKA team continues to do an amazing job introducing award-winning shoes, with the Challenger ATR 3 winning Runner's World Editor's Choice for the Best Trail Shoe, the Hupana listed as one of the best new running shoes by Women's Health, and the Speedgoat 2 receiving Best New Update from Competitor Magazine. This recognition validates the team's effort towards building brand awareness across product categories and regions centered on delivering compelling product with exceptional technical performance. Teva sales were up 8.6% in the quarter to $37.7 million compared to $34.7 million last year. Sales in the quarter were better than expected due to global wholesale sales and strong global reorders. We also saw meaningful gross margin improvement with the Teva brand, and we expect margin improvement across the remainder of the year. Sanuk sales of $26.2 million were slightly down to last year, largely due to rationalizing our international distribution and a retail store transfer. As we focus on our domestic wholesale business, we performed better than expected with year-over-year growth and improved gross margins. I'm encouraged by the marketing and product initiatives these two brands are implementing, as well as their focus on driving efficiencies in their respective businesses. Turning now to our channel performance. Direct consumer posted a 12.7% comparable sales increase, our largest gain in several quarters. The double-digit positive comp was due to the strength in global e-commerce sales across both the Fashion and Performance Lifestyle groups and slightly better than expected retail performance. As our consumers continue to migrate their purchasing online, the digital infrastructure we put in place over the last few years is driving significant growth, with all regions posting double-digit increases in the quarter. Our wholesale channel exceeded expectations with 24.5% growth year-over-year. Domestic wholesale was up 8.6% to $83.2 million and was primarily driven by strong demand for HOKA. International wholesale also had a strong quarter, up 55.2% versus last year to $61.4 million, with our EMEA business up over 80% and APAC up over 45%. The strong international performance was due to solid reorders with the UGG, HOKA and Teva brands. Our industry is facing strong headwinds across the wholesale and retail channels as traffic continues to be pressured and consumers are shifting their purchasing from brick-and-mortar to online, as well as migrating to a buy-now-wear-now model, and there are no indications that these trends are subsiding. To that extent, our path forward will not be without hurdles but the focus will remain on the customer, our brands and products and achieving a level of profitability that will drive shareholder value. For that reason, coupled with the strong performance in the quarter, we believe we are well-positioned to address these challenges with our $100 million operating profit improvement plan. To provide a quick update, we are making significant progress in improving on our gross profit profile through consolidating our factory base, moving production to more cost-effective locations and optimizing our material usage. We are also addressing improvements in our overhead through streamlining our organizational structure, reducing inefficiencies in our corporate spend and optimizing our retail footprint. These actions will result in operating profit improvement in fiscal year 2018 with an operating margin target of 10.5%. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I will take you through our fourth quarter results in greater detail and provide an outlook for the second quarter and fiscal 2018 guidance. Please note throughout this discussion, when I refer to non-GAAP financial measures, I am referring to results before taking into account restructuring and other charges that our management believes are not core to our ongoing operating results. Also note our non-GAAP results are not adjusted for constant currency. A reconciliation between our reported GAAP results and the non-GAAP results can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our website under the Investors tab. Now, to our results. For the first quarter, revenue was $209.7 million, an increase of $35.3 million or up 20.3% versus last year. This includes about $20 million of orders that were shipped earlier than previously expected, as well as approximately $15 million of revenue growth driven by increases in our UGG e-commerce business and our HOKA brand. Gross margin was 43.2% which was slightly better than expectations and compares to 43.7% last year. The year-over-year decline was driven by changes in foreign currency which negatively impacted the gross margin by 80 basis points. Non-GAAP SG&A expense was down 5.2% to $144.9 million compared to $152.8 million last year. Even with the higher sales, SG&A dollars declined as we continue to realize savings from the implementation of our operating profit improvement plan. Non-GAAP loss per share was $1.28 for the quarter versus a loss of $1.80 last year. In the first quarter, we recorded $1.9 million in restructuring and other charges related to organizational changes and the strategic review process. We are also pleased with the progress we are making on inventory management. Inventories were down 5.9% to $441.6 million compared to $469.2 million this time last year. This was driven by higher sales recorded in the first quarter as well as improvements made in managing our inventory levels. Now, moving to our outlook. For the second quarter of fiscal 2018, we expect revenue to be down approximately 10% compared with the same period last year. Non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $1.00 to $1.05, compared to $1.23 last year. To give a little color on the guidance, there are a few things to keep in mind. We shipped approximately $20 million of orders initially planned for the second quarter in the first quarter. Last year, we launched Women's Classic II and shipped a significant amount in the second quarter. The combination of these two top line events explain the projected decline in earnings per share as compared to the same period last year. For the full fiscal year 2018, we are reaffirming the guidance we outlined on the last call. We still expect sales to be in the range of down 2% to flat and earnings per share to be in the range of $3.95 to $4.15 on a share count of 32.3 million. This excludes any pre-tax charges that may occur from any further restructuring charges. We are encouraged by our first quarter results and believe it positions us well to achieve our full-year outlook. With that, I'll turn it over to Dave for his closing remarks.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Tom, and thanks again to everyone for joining us today. I am proud of the Deckers team for successfully executing our brand and channel growth initiatives and operating profit improvement plan, and I'm confident that this momentum will continue. While the industry faces continued challenges, Deckers remains focused on what is in our control, which is, providing our consumers with innovative and compelling product combined with engaging online experiences, improving our speed and agility to better compete in the dynamic marketplace, and executing on our initiatives under our operating profit improvement plan to drive shareholder value. Our employees continue to amaze me with their dedication to our brand, our strategy, and most importantly, our customers. As a reminder, with the strategic alternatives process ongoing, we will not be commenting at this time. So, I ask that you please limit your questions to our financial results announced today. Thank you in advance for your cooperation. With that, we'll open up the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thank you. Good afternoon, guys. How are you?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Good. Hey, Camilo.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yeah. I wanted to get your thoughts on discussions that you may be currently having or have just had with retail partners with regards to any sort of delivery schedule, push-outs. We've heard from the channel that there have been, particularly in North America, there've been discussions to delay receipts of fall/winter products into – well, into the December quarter. Is that something that you're seeing? And if so, how are you planning your inventories around that?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yes, good question because I think that's the dynamic that we're starting here, is happening in the marketplace. We're seeing a little bit of that but it's not a dramatic reason for the shift. The biggest portion of our shift into Q3, which is roughly about $10 million, was really driven by the dynamic of the re-launch of the Classic last year where accounts that were launched in the Classic line to get the inventory in Q1 to be able to hit it on the floor early in Q2. Now that they have that inventory, some of that carryover inventory from last year, they're asking to take it just a little bit later but it's a small piece of the total picture. Other than that, we're hearing a little bit about that but it hasn't really been significant to the flow of inventory yet for us, yeah.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, just shifting gears to the expense picture. This quarter was a nice demonstration of some initiatives that you have in place with the dollar growth of I think it's (18:04) down 5%. Could you maybe articulate what were the areas of that reduction and how do we – how should we think about the cadence of expenses as the year progresses? Is that the run rate that we should be thinking about or is there a quarter in which we should expect to see a little bit more of a ramp-up as we get into the thrust of the selling season?
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Camilo, it broke up a little but you were talking about the operating expense savings we saw in the first quarter?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Okay. Good.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yeah, that – initially, yes. What drove that and how will the cadence shake out?
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. We feel really pleased and we're starting to demonstrate success there just like we said we would. It's pretty widespread. Some of it is due to lower store counts. We have lower rent, lower occupancy cost. Also, within the stores, we have lower material and supplies expenses. We spent less capital this quarter so we have lower depreciation. We're seeing lower expenses in Teva, Sanuk, Europe, APAC. Some of it is head count related and some of it just indirect expenses, just getting more competitive on corporate overheads. And we also had some marketing efficiencies in the quarter we're pleased about. Really, actual savings were more than reflected in the P&L in that we had about $3 million in variable expenses that we had relative to the growth in sales. So in terms of cadence, you could see in the second quarter a similar amount of savings that you saw in the first quarter. In the third quarter, that's a more difficult comparison in that last year's third quarter, we had a reversal of the management incentive comp, which was about a $15 million credit last year that this year, we'll have savings but that credit becomes a tough comp. So, you get similar SG&A year-over-year in the third quarter. And in the fourth quarter, you get similar amounts.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Similar dynamics.
Steve Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. I think, Camilo, so the important point is the flow through of the savings that you'll see in the first half is greater to Tom's point because embedded in our guidance in the second half is an expected payout of performance comp. So while we're continuing to generate savings in the back half of the year, we're up against that reversal that we recorded last year of the performance-based comp.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Got it. That's very helpful. And this is the last one for me. It's just more of a housekeeping question. Could you just remind us what your e-commerce mix is today?
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: In terms of by brand?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Of DTC or total business?
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yes. Well, by brand, predominantly.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Of the e-commerce business, it's mostly in the UGG business.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yes, right.
Steve Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. So generally speaking, the e-commerce business, yeah, it's obviously driven by UGG and it's healthy for every brand as a critical portion of their total sales.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: For the quarter, just to put it in perspective, of total DTC, both retail and e-commerce, it was about $65 million for the quarter. That is the lowest quarter.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Second quarter, there's some – a little bit of growth there sequentially, but the big quarters are the December quarter and then the March quarter.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. But obviously, very pleased with the results that we're seeing and the efforts that we're focusing on – technology, digital marketing, merchandising are starting to pay off in that channel which we see as a critical growth driver going forward.
Steve Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: And demonstrated in our better than expected DTC comp.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, exactly, yeah.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Right, right. So Tom, sorry, so DTC was $65 million but what is e-commerce of that?
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. We don't break that out...
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Or unit sales (22:10).
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. There's a lot of overlap there.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Yeah.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: For instance, in a store, you can order product on an iPad and that's recorded as an e-commerce sale but it's really generated in the store. So, we've been merging those two.
Steve Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: DTC, yeah.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Understood. Thanks, guys. Good luck with the bulk of the season in front of you.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Camilo.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Drbul with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Good evening.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Hey, Bob.
Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Tom, I guess a couple of questions for you. On the UGG business, I think last quarter, you mentioned that you closed 400, was it, UGG accounts. Is there any update to where that is? Has that number changed dramatically any further? And I was wondering if you could comment a little bit on the partnerships with Macy's and Footaction, SIX:02 and maybe, Amazon?
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, happy to. So, no real update on the amount of closures, those were closed over the course of the past six to eight months. At this point, we have the distribution that we have going into fall quarter. A large amount of stores in a quantity perspective but not a large amount of revenue necessarily in regards to what it does to the total impact on the top line. But feeling good about that progress and feeling good about the moves we've made and we'll continue to make to transform the marketplace and elevate the brand into the key channels and the key partners. New accounts such as Footaction, Macy's, Amazon, pleased with how things are progressing so far. Footaction, the test we did last year had proved successful, so there's future opportunity that we're continuing with in that channel, particularly driven by the men's business. Macy's and Amazon, we've been in the current distribution since the 1st of January. Those are core accounts for us, and so far, so good. Working closely with those teams, monitoring those businesses and pleased with the progress so far.
Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. And in terms of the outlook, the full-year outlook not really changing, has there been any change to the order book for the UGG business?
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. I mean, Bob, I think the best way to look at that is we feel pleased with where the order book is. Really, no changes from the – on the last earnings call. We are now starting to book spring product. We feel pleased how that is booking.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. I think, as Tom said, the real change that we're seeing so far is the early orders of spring 2018. And based off the current sell-through that we've seen, particularly in the categories of sneakers and sandals in the UGG brand, that's obviously good momentum as we go into selling seasons for spring 2018. So the order book, early indicators there are strong and we're confident and pleased with the order book for going into Q3.
Robert Drbul - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Right. Great. Thanks, very much. Good luck, guys.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Corinna Van Der Ghinst with Citi Research. Please proceed with your question. Corinna, your line is live. Do you have us on mute?
Corinna Gayle Van Der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi, guys. Hi.
Operator: Yes, there we go.
Corinna Gayle Van Der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Hi. No, we weren't on mute. Sorry, I don't know what's happening. Good afternoon, guys.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Hey, Corinna.
Corinna Gayle Van Der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: I was just hoping to ask a couple of follow-up questions on what was asked already. Just in terms of the – I know you're not going to give the actual order number or backlog number, but just in terms of the composition of the backlog that you guys are looking at right now, can you remind us what that looks like? And also, just the ASP trend that you're expecting for this fall season?
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Like, again, consistent with the last call, we saw some, as we've reported, right, we saw some growth in the backlog year-over-year. We saw the UGG business, we were pleased with how that booked. We saw more growth year-over-year internationally for UGG than we did domestically. In terms of ASPs...
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: ASP is going higher which is helping contribute to the improvement in gross margin.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: So, that does – we've made a transition to Classic II, so we'll have more full price selling of Classic II this year as opposed to last year where we were still selling some Classic I.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Right. Yeah.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. And we're very pleased with how the classics business is set going into the year. Going through the transition from Classic I into Classic II, as we said, allowed us to kind of reset the marketplace of inventory levels in the right distribution and the right account. I would say we have a very good handle on the classics distribution right now and very pleased with the inventory levels. Expect that business to continue to be stable. The upside, as Tom mentioned, from international, is a big part of the order book, and then upside coming out of the men's business which we're very excited about going into fall and continuing to build that growth. So, what I really like about the order book makeup is the diversity of it and continuing to expand in the channels and opportunities internationally, as well as new categories such as men's and other footwear categories within women's.
Corinna Gayle Van Der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Great. And then, I just wanted to ask a follow-up as well on the guidance that you guys maintained for the full year. It only seems to imply kind of flat, slightly positive top line growth in the back half of the year. Where do you see that guidance being conservative in terms of revenues at this point from based on what we know?
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: We think the guidance that we put up there is the right guidance. I mean, as we commented, we feel good where the order book is at this point in time. Normally, if there's a potential for upside it is related to the – more in the DTC business that could happen, as well as some reorders and that's more of a December quarter...
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: ...area but it is early. We feel really good where the business is headed. Feel really good, the opportunity out there but it is early stages still and there's still a lot of business that gets done in November and December.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. I think based on what we can control, we feel good. As Tom said, it's still very early in the year. We got a long way to go still. We believe we're set up for successfully executing against our plan and our targets. But there's still uncertainty in the marketplace, and so, we don't want to get ahead of ourselves. But there is the potential upside is in reorders if we have a strong December. We're up against some tough comps last year in DTC because we were very cold in the last two weeks of the year and that really boosted our DTC business. And then, potential upside in HOKA. That business continues to drive more significant piece of the total revenue. We had a great quarter with HOKA. There's strong momentum in there and there potentially could be upside from that brand going into Q4 next year.
Corinna Gayle Van Der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Okay. Wonderful. And if I could just sneak one follow-up to your earlier comments about the gross margins, can you just talk a little bit more about the measures that you guys have taken this year to improve your inventory management? I know you talked about some of the Omni-Channel initiatives that have helped you with your DTC inventories. And we've also talked in the past about the UGG Closet being utilized more as a channel for clearance. Can you just kind of walk us through how – what gives you confidence in your ability to manage those better this year as we get into the fall/winter season? Thank you.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. I think generally speaking, the focus of the organization, as you know, is on controlling costs and improving profitability. So for every brand, they've been focused on reducing SKU count, reducing the amount of closeouts in inventory in the marketplace. We're starting to see the benefit of that, particularly in the smaller brands. You combine that with the reduction in costs that we're starting to see come in from the improvements we're doing with factory and yield utilization. It's a combination of all those factors. But as I said, I think really digging in and understanding where our inventory has been cleaning it up where it's unproductive and unnecessary, managing it more tightly than we have before. And obviously, the upside in sales helps but it's a continued focus of the organization across all brands and regions to make sure that we get the most bang for our buck in our inventory in the marketplace right now and that we're putting product on the market that has a high success rate of sell-through.
Corinna Gayle Van Der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc.: Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Krasik from Buckingham Research. Please proceed with your question.
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah. Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my questions.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Hey, Scott.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Hi, Scott.
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So, I guess it was probably September of last year when that sort of unauthorized product showed up at Rue La La and there was some resale by, I think it was a European distributor and some independent. I'm just wondering how well you policed that this year and your expectations for product, particularly Classic II, showing up where it's not supposed to?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. Thanks for the reminder of that from last year. Interesting times. But all joking aside, we took that very seriously and we have been aggressively pursuing the control of that pricing in the marketplace as much as we can to that extent. I think you're going to see the benefit of a number of things. Us, I'm having stronger relationships with our accounts, the number of accounts that we've closed over the last year. And then, aggressively just managing our pricing in the marketplace. So, we feel good about the work we've done over the last 10, 12 months to get us into shape that we're going into fall of this year, particularly with the reset of the Classic II and the Classic I inventory for all intensive purposes out of the channel. And so, it's just something that the team with the new leadership and the North America sales force, and they're all over it and we're monitoring it on a daily basis in the marketplace.
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: That's good. And then, you're never a big brand on the Nordstrom anniversary sale but you do have a handful of boots. I'm just wondering what you've seen from that in terms of a more specially classic type looks, the fashion product, and then historically, people have used this as an opportunity to buy classics. Just wondering if you're seeing that type of demand.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. We just had a productive meeting with the teams from Nordstrom the other day. Feedback, so far, is that the wear-now – buy-now-wear-now product, the more seasonal product, is checking extremely well. Since slowness in the more traditional winter boot product which is, I think, is an indication of the marketplace being more focused on the buy-now-wear-now mentality, but pleased with the new product and the seasonally appropriate product in the anniversary sale.
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And just last, I don't think you bought any stock back this quarter. Is that part of the strategic review that you're not going to buy any shares back until the review is over?
Steve Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: I think the best way to answer that is the board's strategic review process is ongoing and share buybacks, among other things, are some of the things that are being considered.
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. All right. Thanks. Good luck.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Scott.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. Just a couple of questions. I guess, first on the Direct-to-Consumer business, obviously being much better in Q1. Is there any change to what is contemplated in your fiscal 2018 guidance for DTC comp this year?
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Based off of how Q1 performed?
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Correct. Yeah, I think your former guidance was up low single.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: No, no.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: So, you're – okay. Got it.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. We're still reiterating that same guidance.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. Right.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. Exactly.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. And then, just within the regions, underlying that comp, could you just speak to how EMEA versus Asia, whether you want to break that out, China, Japan versus the U.S. performed, within that 12.7%?
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. I'll, at a high level, while these guys look at the detail – strong performance across all regions. And the focus of the organization on e-commerce channel, the digital marketing capabilities, the operations side of the site, the product segmentation and merchandising on the site, all paying off and contributing to the growth. But very pleased with the growth across all brands and all channels – I mean, sorry, all regions in the e-commerce section of the business.
Steve Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: I might want to add one comment relative to the first quarter. I mean, we're really pleased with that 12.7%. Keep in mind, that's our lowest quarter. A year ago, as we were transitioning to our new ERP system we missed about – we scheduled it that way, the first, I think, week and a half of last year's first quarter. We didn't have any e-commerce sales...
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Cut over in the new system.
Steve Fasching - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: ...because we cut over to the new system. So, it made it for an easier comp this year.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: And then, just in terms...
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Yeah. Thanks for the reminder.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yes, region performance – Europe was very strong, North America was very strong, and positive gains in Asia but not as strong as Europe and North America.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. And then, just shifting gears, I think following up on Drbul's questions earlier on new accounts. Within Macy's, how many doors are you at now versus where you were January 1 when you started rolling out that test? And any thoughts on door potential over time?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. Sure. So, the test we did last fall was 35 doors, including the new concession in Herald Square. In January, we went to 200 doors for women, then 50 doors, I believe, 50 doors for men, and that will not change through the remainder of the year. And from our perspective, we think that's the right amount. That represents the best-in-class of the Macy's footprint, but also, what we think is the best service location. So, it's not self-service. It's a traditional sit-and-fit approach and that's the game plan going forward. There's obviously opportunity in more Macy's doors but we're not contemplating that necessarily at this time. And we're going to play it through the rest of the year in the 200 doors that we are currently in. What's also good to know about that is the diversity of the offering at Macy's is very strong. So, they have good support for the spring and summer product in women's and a very good support for the men's business going forward as well.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. Thank you. And then, just last on HOKA, definitely a bright spot in the report. Can you just speak to the international footprint of that brand today? And then, what are the biggest opportunities from a growth perspective going forward?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Sure. So internationally, we have a strong business in Europe that's really led by our French subsidiary and the growth opportunities over there are really around the UK and Germany, very similar to the UGG business. We have a strong business for HOKA, surprisingly up in Scandinavia, small but very health with regards to the size of the business for the size of that market. E-commerce, UK, Germany continue to be the biggest growth opportunities for HOKA in that market. The teams are aggressively getting after that opportunity, leveraging off the strength of the French market. Internationally, very early days. Japan just started the business in a more direct way this year and initial indications look very good. China, the teams there are having initial indications with key partners in the marketplace of partnering with somebody to take that brand to market. From a growth opportunity globally, we still see tremendous growth within the run specialty channel in the U.S. We're currently number six, according to NPD, in the run specialty channel. We could still double the business in that channel and just crack number five or four in the brands that are in that channel today. So, that's where we continue to be focused. The key is maintaining credibility and authenticity in that run specialty channel, but really, increasing awareness before we start contemplating more self-service environments. And as I said, the growth opportunity in Europe is UK and Germany, and then, Japan and China, in addition to driving as much business as we can through our own e-commerce channel.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Thank you, guys. All the best.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Omar Saad with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks. Thanks for taking my question. I wanted to ask actually about the pull forward a little bit that's kind of having the strange effect on the revenue for this past quarter and the next one. It's a little bit counter-intuitive as we keep hearing from retailers wanting to push deliveries out closer to need. Maybe you could talk a little bit about what drove the pull forward. Is it one of the new accounts or is it something going on with an existing account?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. It's a combination, really, of two drivers. The first is a lot of that inventory was pulled forward by distributors. They picked up early at port and a lot of those planned receipts were on the cusp of June and July, and so, the inventory was there. The distributors were able to pick it up early and they did. And I think it's still a lot of that inventory is still kind of in season. It's not necessarily fall product where I think you're still hearing about some of the push-outs. So, just the fact that we were ready to go and the accounts were willing and looking to take some of that early. It's more about inventory being on the cusp of July versus June. About a quarter of that upside came from HOKA which was driven by the eagerness to get the Clifton 4 in to the marketplace for the July 4 weekend in North America. And so, fortunately, we had a good transition from the Clifton 3. The inventory was ready to go and the launch plans are ready to go. So, we allowed customers to pull that inventory in early so they could set up and sell over the July 4 weekend, which is proving to be a smart move. We're getting – hearing good reports in the sell-through and we're seeing that also on our e-commerce channel, and I think that could potentially lead to some upside for that brand in Q2. But with regards to UGG, it's more budgets getting through the inventory they have and the normal course of business going into Q2 and Q3.
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks, Dave. And then, on HOKA, which you were just mentioning, how do we think about the marketing plan? You mentioned the need to get the word out on the brand. And what are you – are you piling in more dollars behind that? Is there a certain marketing approach, brand awareness building approach that you guys are taking that could accelerate and then hit an inflection point at some point in the next couple quarters?
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, great question because one of the key investments in our cost savings over the next three years is going to be HOKA marketing. We have the product, obviously, we have best-in-class product that's resonating with consumers. We think we have the right creative to appeal to the core authentic hardcore runner, but also, the female consumer and the lifestyle consumer. So, the investment that we're going to make is really in driving awareness through continued on-the-ground events, having a presence there so we remain authentic and important in doing try-on sessions where we can. Heavy, heavy focus on digital and segmented offering in reaching the consumers that with relevant product for how they're going to use the product. You won't see any TV or out-of-home or things of that sort but it's just a matter of ramping up and getting very targeted on the consumers that we think are appropriate for this brand and the product. It is the heavier investment in marketing currently than the rest of the brands and we'll continue to invest in that brand even more so going forward, particularly when the cost savings start hitting the bottom line in a more aggressive way.
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: Got it. And then, if I could squeeze one more question on UGG. How do we think about the piece of the business now that's really driven by some of the innovations in the last few years? Things like the Luxe and the Slim and the Classic II, are those big franchises in a big component of the overall UGG, kind of 2Q/3Q sales volume? And are there other updates on these types of platforms that could also be important this year? Thanks.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. Great question, and we had a fantastic meeting the other day where we reviewed the entire Classics' offering. And then, we had a great conversation around how we start segmenting that. Now that we've reset the Classics franchise, we have extensions off the Core, into the Slim and Luxe, and the Street Style. Now, we're focusing on where we can segment those styles, and then, where we can innovate off of those styles. So, you'll see a little bit of that this fall. If you remember, last year, we said the first priority was reset the Classics franchise, and then, we're going to focus on extending – on the extension beyond that in Fashion. But going forward, you're going to see more iterations off of the Slim and the Luxe in repositioning those based off the segmentation strategy. They're all performing well. They're becoming a more significant part of the business. We're learning on – a lot about who is gravitating to each of those styles, whether it's a younger consumer or an older consumer, the channels that they like to shop in. But it is giving us a broader platform to build off of. And as far as innovation coming this year, we'll be launching the first ever waterproof Classic into the channel this year into wholesale and retail. And my instinct tells me that that's going to be a strong seller that we can build off going forward as well.
Omar Saad - Evercore Group LLC: Thanks for all the color. Good luck.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thank you.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Omar, thank you.
Operator: That's all the questions we have in queue. I'd like to turn the call back over to Dave Powers for closing comments.
David Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: In closing, I am very pleased with the results of the quarter, and while it represents only one quarter of our long-term plan, it gives me great confidence in the team's ability to execute on driving improved profitability over the long term. We are urgently addressing the challenges of a dynamic marketplace with the continued focus on our customer and our product evolution. The success we saw with the UGG's spring and summer offering, the numerous awards won by HOKA and the progress seen in Teva and Sanuk speak to how we are driving the business forward. Improvements in our supply chain efforts, reducing corporate overhead, rightsizing the retail fleet and rationalizing our wholesale account base demonstrate how we are tacking our cost structure to increase profitability. The combination of these efforts will lead us to long-term targets we articulated in the last call, with an operating margin of 13% by fiscal year 2020. I'm very proud of the Deckers team. Their hard work and dedication, which have gotten us to this point, now more than ever, I am excited about the opportunities in front of us. I would like to thank all of our stakeholders for their support and employees for their focus and passion for the business as we continue to execute on our plan.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-05-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Fasching – Vice President, Strategy and Investor Relations Dave Powers – President and Chief Executive Officer Tom George – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jonathan Komp – Robert W. Baird Camilo Lyon – Canaccord Genuity Omar Saad – Evercore Scott Krasik – Buckingham Research Randy Konik – Jefferies Jim Duffy – Stifel Rafe Jadrosich – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Bob Drbul – Guggenheim Corinna Van Der Ghinst – Citi
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brand's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we'll conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up the questions. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Steve Fasching, Vice President, Strategy and Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may now begin.
Steve Fasching: Thank you, and welcome everyone joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the Company’s Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance, including but not limited to our projected revenue, margins, expenses, earnings per share and operating profit improvement, as well as statements regarding our cost savings and restructuring plans, strategies for our product and brands, and our review of strategic alternatives. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent the Company’s current expectations and are based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in its expectations or as a result of the availability of new information. With that, I will now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Good afternoon. Thank you, Steve, and welcome everyone. Today, we are going to spend the first part of the call reviewing our fourth quarter and full year results. After that, we will shift our focus forward to how we're driving improvements and profitability. This will include specifics on the savings plan that we announced last call, as well as our financial outlook for fiscal year 2018. Before we discuss our results, I'd like to briefly comment on the process we announced that the end of April to review strategic alternatives. That process is ongoing and as you would expect we are unable to comment until the board completes its review and improves the definitive course of action or otherwise concludes the process. With that, let me turn to our results. During the fourth quarter, we executed on our strategic goals and achieve sales and earnings that were ahead of our expectations. For the quarter, our sales were above the range be provided due to better performance from UGG and HOKA as well as better than forecasted DTC sales. Non-GAAP EPS, excluding restructuring costs and other charges was $0.11. For the year, sales are $1.79 billion and non-GAAP EPS was $3.82. For the quarter, we are pleased with the performance of the UGG brand and reception to the UGG spring and Summerline. Sales of women shoes and sandals grew over 20% compared to last year as we made continued progress diversifying and deseasonalizing the UGG brand. And as we indicated, we were in our last earnings call, we reduced the amount of closed our products sold into the domestic wholesale channel. At the same time, we continue to drive growth at HOKA. Sales for the quarter were up 33%, pushing the brand over the key $100 million milestone for the year. HOKA's new product introduction like the Arahi and Hupana health field, healthy unit and margin growth. Looking ahead, we're excited about the domestic opportunity to expand distribution, as well as internationally, we were just beginning to scratch the surface of the brand's potential. Our DTC comp was flat for the quarter. Once again, we experienced strong demand in our E-Commerce channel, offset by declines in our retail store sales. For the year, our DTC comp increased 2.6%, driven by strong performance from our E-Commerce channel, which benefited significantly from the launch of UGG closet, as well as the close of our underperforming retail stores. As we enter fiscal 2018, we're in a much stronger position compared with a year-ago. The organizational review we completed has given as a clear path forward for improving profitability. Inventory levels are healthier at our retailers, and we have transitioned the marketplace to better product and with more quality distribution. Nevertheless, we expect that the environment will continue to be difficult. With the sales headwinds facing the majority of the retail industry, we're focused on improving profitability to the four strategic priorities I laid out a year ago. As a reminder, they are: developing compelling product, focusing on digital, optimizing distribution, and implementing cost savings. First, developing compelling product. Across our brand portfolio, our teams have elevated their offering and consumers and the trade are responding positively. HOKA is a perfect example, which won 18 awards in the last year, including editor's choice from women's health for the Hupana. With UGG, we've had success incorporating Treadlite and UGGpure further into the product line. One example is the Royal slide which was introduced this spring and quickly sold out. For this fall, we continue to innovate and were excited about the launch of our waterproof Classic with Vibram Arctic Grip and several high-profile product collaborations, including our announce collaboration with Phillip Lim. Second, focusing on digital reach to consumers. This past year, we'd key wins with UGG closet, which drove significant growth in our E-Commerce business. And with the launch of our UGG rewards program, which now has nearly 0.5 million members. We have great digital momentum, especially in the U.S. where we estimate over third of our total UGG sales are done online, including ugg.com and online sales with our wholesale partners. Third, optimizing distribution. The goal here to transform our account base to align with the changes in consumer shopping behavior. This year we close accounts that did not represent the best of the brand, and we open new accounts with quality wholesale partners, who are committed to showcasing more of our offering and also have strong online businesses. Finally, implementing a significant cost-savings plan to streamline our organization and improved profitability. This has been a major focus over the last 12 months, and I'm excited to discuss that plan more in a moment. But first Tom is going to cover fourth quarter and fiscal 2017 financials.
Tom George: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Today, I'll take you through our fourth quarter and full year results and breakout the restructuring and charges recorded in the quarter. Please note throughout this discussion, where I refer to non-GAAP financial measures, I'm referring to results before taking into account restructuring impairment and other charges that our management believes are not core to our ongoing operating results. Also note, our non-GAAP results are not adjusted for constant currency. A reconciliation between our reported GAAP results and the non-GAAP results can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our website under the Investor step. Now to our results for the fourth quarter, revenue was $369.5 million, which was ahead our projections, primarily due to better performance from UGG and HOKA and better DTC sales. Gross margin was 43% compared to our non-GAAP result of 42.3% last year. The year-over-year difference was driven by less domestic promotional activity and a continued supply chain improvements, partially offset by foreign-exchange headwinds. Non-GAAP SG&A expense was $153.9 million compared to $154.5 million last year. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.11 for the quarter versus $0.11 last year. In the fourth quarter, we recorded $35.9 million in restructuring and other charges-related to retail closures, impairments and organization changes. Of the $35.9 million, $9.9 million were non-cash charges. Now to the year, revenue was $1.79 billion compared with $1.88 billion last year. The decrease was driven by a $106.8 million decrease in wholesale and distributor sales, partially offset by a $21.8 million increase in DTC sales. Gross margin was 46.7% compared to our non-GAAP result of 45.4% last year. The 130 basis points increase in gross margin was due to improved input cost and continued optimization of our supply chain, partially offset by foreign-exchange headwinds. Non-GAAP SG&A was $669.6 million compared to $656.2 million last year. Non-GAAP earnings per share was $3.82 compared to $4.50 last year. The year-over-year decline was driven by lower sales and higher SG&A, partially offset by a 130 basis points increase in gross margin. The non-GAAP effective tax rate was 23% and better than expected for the year, but slightly higher than last year’s non-GAAP rate of 22%. During the year, we incurred charges totaling $167.5 million related primarily to restructuring and impairments, of which $134.2 million were non-cash charges. At March 31, 2017, our backlog was up 6.6% compared to the same date last year. Directionally, UGG U.S. backlog was up low single-digit and UGG international was up double digits. As a reminder, our March 31 backlog only includes orders from wholesalers and distributors for delivery in April through December. This backlog figure represents about a third of our total revenue and does not include our company DTC sales. All of fourth quarter or any future orders we may book, such as at once orders or closeouts. I’d now like to hand the call back to Dave, who’ll provide an update on our savings plan and how we see it improving our business long-term.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Tom. As I said when I assumed the CEO role 12 months ago, fiscal 2017 will be a transitional period for the company. With the year now behind us, we’re moving forward with the sound plan in place to improve profitability, and laid a foundation for future growth. Last call, we announced a $150 million cumulative savings plan before reinvestment that consisted of a combination of SG&A and cost of goods improvements. We said that these savings will be implemented over the course of the next two years with the full benefit being realized in FY2020. We also said that we provide more guidance on how the savings would flow-through once we completed the year and finished our pre-book. With that process now complete, we’re pleased to share that the $150 million announced cumulative savings will drive a $100 million improvement in operating profit for the fiscal year 2020. With these savings, along with modest low single-digit revenue growth, we believe we can achieve an operating margin of 13% in fiscal year 2020. To provide some more prospective and where the savings will come from, COGS improvements will be achieved by: reducing product development cycle, optimizing material yield, consolidating our factory base and continuing to move production outside of China. SG&A savings will come from: further retail store consolidations, process improvement efficiencies, and reduced indirect spend. The process to implement savings is already underway. For FY2018, we expect net SG&A to be approximately $10 million lower. However, this understates how quickly we are addressing our cost structure. On our like-for-like basis, SG&A would be nearly $30 million lower, excluding the reinstatement of performance-based compensation. In regards to our global retail fleet, as we look out over next two years, we are planning to reduce our global company own brick-and-mortar footprint back 30 to 40 stores, which includes both closures and the transfer of existing companies towards the partners. By FY2020, we’re targeting to have an optimized company-owned fleet of approximately 125 stores globally. I will now turn the call over to Tom to provide guidance for the fiscal year 2018 as well as the first quarter.
Tom George: Thanks, Dave. For fiscal year 2018, we expect revenues will be in the range of flat to down 2% compared to 2017 levels, included in down 2% sales guidance are the following assumptions, slightly improved promotional environment with less closeout product in the channel. Similar weather conditions to last year. DTC comp up low single-digit. Domestic wholesale sales mid single digits, driven by U.S. wholesale account rationalization, international wholesale sales up mid-single-digits, in season reorders netting cancellations and fewer retail stores which represents loss revenue of approximately $15 million. The flat sales scenario assumes the following improvements. In season reorders exceeding cancellations slightly higher international wholesale business and colder start to the fall, winter selling season. By brand, we expect UGG revenue to be in the range of down 3% to down 1%; HOKA to grow approximately 20% to 25%; Teva up 1% to 5%, Sanuk down 10% to down 5%, and Koolaburra to be approximately $13 million to $16 million. With respect to gross margins, we expect full year gross margin to be approximately 47.5%, SG&A as a percentage of sales as projected to be approximately 37%. For the full year, non-GAAP earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $3.95 to $4.15 on a share count of 32.7 million and an effective tax rate of 27%. As a reminder, this excludes any charges that may occur from additional store closures and other restructuring charges. Capital expenditures for the fiscal year expected to be $45 million. We expect to generate free cash flow of approximately $150 million. For the first quarter, we expect revenue to be up low single digits compared with the same period a year ago. And we expect non-GAAP diluted loss per share of approximately $170 million to $165 million compared to a diluted loss per share of $1.80 last year. With respect to the 6.6% increase in the backlog and March 31 and how that ties to our full year outlook for revenue to be flat to down, there are few factors to keep in mind: First backlog is simply recorded at a point in time and can’t be compared with accuracy from year-to-year. For example, this show the main driver of our backlog growth was due to changes we’ve made with our EMEA wholesale partners in the way that they pre- book. Traditionally, our EMEA wholesale partners have booked later in than the U.S. This year we really push them to place orders earlier so that we can better manage our inventory and get commitments upfront. Second, between reorders in December and our fourth quarter business, there is still a meaningful amount of wholesale sales that we currently don’t have orders for. While inventory and the channels cleaner than was a year ago, based on how the past two holiday seasons have played out, combined with ongoing traffic challenges across brick-and-mortar retail. We believe that is prudent to be conservative when it comes to our assumptions since we have more visibility into the consumer demand. And third, our full year forecast, obviously, includes our direct-to-consumer business, which is not capturing backlog and represented roughly 35% of our fiscal year 2017 sales. And as I said, it’s important to remember that we’re facing the headwind in fiscal year 2018 from the stores we closed in fiscal 2017, which in total account for approximately $15 million. I will now hand the call back to Dave for his final remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Tom. We are confident in our ability to execute our plan to improve profitability. We have made significant progress in the last year, and I want to thank our employees for their hard work, tireless dedication and willingness to embrace change to get us to this point. I look forward to continuing to successfully execute our strategy as we drive towards the 13% operating margin. As a reminder, we will not be commenting on our strategic alternatives process. So I asked to limit your questions to our financial results announced today. Thank you, in advance for your cooperation. With that, we will open up the call for questions. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question is from Jonathan Komp of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Yes, hi, thank you. Couple of questions on the longer-term outlook. First, maybe just asking on the 2020 view of reaching $2 billion of sales with next year projected flat to down slightly, obviously, implies better growth the following two years. So just wanted to maybe parts out what you're seeing in terms of initiatives to help restart the top line growth rate after this coming year?
Dave Powers: Yes, Sure. This is Dave. So what I would say the focus for us around driving growth and getting to that $2 billion market really around the HOKA and UGG brands. For UGG, we're really focused on driving growth through the men's business, spring and summer businesses in women's and then really from a channel perspective it's E-Commerce globally, Europe driven by our opportunity that exists still in Germany and then in China. And then in addition to that in the HOKA brand, we see significant opportunity for growth in that brand I've just have to passing the $100 million mark. We're going to relocate some resources to drive growth in that brand, investing and marketing to drive awareness and investing in capabilities and our international markets activate the opportunity there as well.
Jonathan Komp: Okay. And any thoughts on the, I think, it's implied kind of a mid-single-digit topline growth after this year? Any thoughts on how quickly you could get – it sounds like the cost-savings site is really developing and materializing pretty quickly, but any thoughts on how quickly that the revenue to those levels?
Dave Powers: Yes, I think we were conservative at this point based on the challenges in the marketplace that we see in the short-term. So we're applying that, definitely for FY2018 and still in FY2019 and FY2020. We're focused on driving growth higher than that, but at this point from the outlook for today, again some of the headwinds of store closures, we think that’s the right number.
Jonathan Komp: Okay, great. And then maybe one more just on the longer-term targets, the difference in the growth versus the net margin improvement. Could you just maybe walk-through kind of what the difference is there? What you're investing in? Or what the offsets versus the growth savings might be?
Tom George: Yes, we still see a gross margin expansion with all the supply chain initiatives we've been talking about in factory in the moments in the factory, as well as data initiatives we've talked about. But we see a lot of leverage on the SG&A line. We feel really good where we stand from a cost-savings initiative on the SG&A site. In fact, we've got enough levelers in place, and in a visibility on the operating expense side, including and we're talking about further reduction in our retail store fleet. When you consider all that together, we feel even if we get flat revenue growth through 2020. We've got enough levers in place that we can still drive a $100 million of operating profit improvement and an operating margin at least 13%.
Jonathan Komp: Okay.
Operator: And the next question from Camilo Lyon of Canaccord Genuity. Please go ahead.
Camilo Lyon: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. So Tom, just your last comment there, so the $100 million in the profitability improvement and the 13% either margin you're expecting, is this – is assume in a flat sales growth number, slide number, so any with that increase.
Dave Powers: The long-term targets we talked about, we feel we've got the right opportunities in place to grow the top line as well, and we'll have to do some reinvesting to do that, and we'll generate $100 million of operating profit and a greater 13% operating margin. But I wanted to reinforce with the fact, we have enough SG&A savings levers in place that – if we're not getting traction in the marketplace, we'll slowdown the reinvestment, and we'll still get $100 million operating profit improvement and still at least the 13% operating margin.
Tom George: Yes. So Camilo just to be clear on that. So Dave talked about 2020 with low-single digit growth revenue targets, that's what we're talking about the $2 billion. To Tom's point, we can still achieve the targeted 13% even if we don't get that low-single digit revenue growth. There is enough variability and the expenses that we can cut back to still achieve that 130% operating profit target.
Dave Powers: Correct.
Camilo Lyon: Got it, got it, understand. Thanks for the clarity. So I did want to ask on the cadence of the expensive savings, its sounds like so you're doing, you're going to see about $10 million this year, how do we think about that incremental expense savings realization in fiscal 2019 as you get to 2020?
Tom George: Yes. So as you think about $100 million profit improvement, basically one of the headwinds as Dave mentioned that we're facing in 2018 is an assumption of performance-based compensation payout. So that's netting some of that down in 2018. Once you get to 2019, the way we have it modeled in, roughly, as you get a more like for like. So the savings or profit improvement that you'll see will be greater because you won't now have that headwind of the performance-based compensation. So similar types of improvements for 2019 and then into 2020, and that's we gets your $100 million.
Camilo Lyon: Got it, great. And then my final question, Dave, if you could just give some thoughts on how you think about or how you thought about your wholesale rationalization domestically? And I see constant stuff this past season in which there was a lot of some of your – but there are a few wholesale partners in which and you pull the promotional trigger sooner than they should and disrupted the pricing in the market? How did you address that and what should that look like as we get in few thoughts?
Dave Powers: Yes, good question. So we made pretty significant progress on transforming North American marketplace, and that's a combination of a few things: One is cleaning up the number of accounts that we have in the North American business, we talked about that over time. So we have closed quite a few of accounts, roughly about 400 accounts. And the UGG brand some of the sizable and we have addressed some of the challenges we have last year with met violation and discounting. And as you know, we incubated some new opportunities in the last fall as well with Macy's and then also Amazon. So we've cleaned up some of the smaller disruptive accounts. We've strengthened the relationship with our top key accounts and we've opened new accounts that we think represent the brand in a positive way. And also allow us to do more E-Commerce business across the board in those channels. So still work to go, but we still feel very confident in the progress we've made and the repositioning of the brand. The other thing to keep in mind is, we will be going into this quarter – the fall quarter in a better place from an inventory perspective, less close on inventory in the channel and the headwind of the Classic I hangover is behind us.
Camilo Lyon: And just on that final point, do you expect more account closures? Or where you stand out as where you are comfortable at? And did the onboarding of Macy's in the bigger way in Amazon with that direct offset to be account do you close or did you come out the deficit or surplus?
Dave Powers: Yes. So we will continue to evaluate the fleet. We have new management in place in North America sales and a strategic account focus there. But over time, we will be closing more smaller accounts. I think that’s a right thing to do for the brand, and just how we control the marketplace in presentation of the brand. And overall, I think we will be slightly down. So while we are opening new accounts, offsetting some of those closures and some of the conservative nature of our key accounts that’s us in a situation that slightly down from North America wholesale.
Camilo Lyon: Got it. All the best. Thanks, guys.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Tom George: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Omar Saad of Evercore. Please go ahead.
Omar Saad: Hi, thanks. Good afternoon. Appreciate all the information. Wondering if you can dive in a little bit deeper on solid part of UGG in the quarter. Maybe you get a better understanding which is to remind new style, channels, the weather, any insight there will be helpful. I think when we try to understand the evolution of that brand now…
Dave Powers: To the fourth quarter – yes, so what we're seeing in UGG – yes, okay. As you know we've been focused on diversifying the UGG brand and building our spring and summer business for quite some time. And we actually have had a pretty successful quarter in 2 categories: sneakers and in sandals. So we had a few sneakers that were performing very strong for us, sold through at a high rate and drove the increase of 20%. And then sandals, across the board, but the introduction of the Royal slide into our DTC channel was the bestseller as well. So starting to get traction in these new categories, and I think it's driven by the fact that it's distinct own able product that has a DNA with a brand and as uniqueness in the marketplace. And also you're having more believe from our partners have showcased in that product in the timeframe as well. I don't know, Tom, if you want to add anything on the total…
Tom George: Our UGG business internationally was stronger-than-expected – direct-to-consumer business was stronger-than-expected really led by our domestic E-Commerce business is very well. And then the one – this is not UGG, but HOKA business was above expectation for the quarter.
Omar Saad: Fantastic, guys. Thanks for the help.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Scott Krasik of Buckingham Research. Please go ahead.
Scott Krasik: Yes. Hi, everyone. Congrats – bunch of questions, I will try to make them fast. For the year, what was your Classics as a percentage of total UGG sales? And then what were specialty classics as a percentage of total UGG sales?
Dave Powers: In terms of women, Classics are still about – they ended up still about 25% of women’s – core Classics were 25% and specialty Classic still ended up about 25% of the women’s business. We think that’s a good study rate going forward balanced out that business and core Classic to 25%, we think it’s a healthy rate going forward.
Scott Krasik: That’s good. And then just as you look at the backlog as of right now, that sort of how the backlog is booked as well? Are there any outliners within the backlog?
Dave Powers: No, pretty consistent. Yes, I think the cleanup both from a Classics perspective in the marketplace and account rationalization, the focus on innovation and styles like the waterproof Classic, the weather product and some of the specialty Classics, really netted assorted very similar shape to the fall, which I think is the right thing to do.
Scott Krasik: Good. Okay. And then what’s your DTC comp assume for the full year? And is there any quarter were you expect to be an outliner?
Tom George: We expect the DTC comp to be up low single-digits.
Scott Krasik: Okay.
Tom George: Yes, quarter – for Q1 – for Q1 up low single-digits, which is equivalent to what we delivered for the year. So our full year DTC comps were low single-digit positive.
Scott Krasik: Okay. That’s helpful. And just sort of when you look at the 2020 plan, what percentage of your UGG sales you expect to come from wholesale? And what percentage you expect to come from DTC?
Dave Powers: Yes. We haven’t given that level of visibility yet. DTC will be driven by growth in E-Commerce, and we’re really heavily investing and continuing to bolster that business globally, we'll have some store offset against that, but E-Commerce will be a driver. And on an international level, will be driven, as I said from really Germany and the Europe market, and then upside in China. But we haven’t – mix yet of full wholesale, but it should be definitely more – little more DTC.
Tom George: But it will be held back a little bit as we reduce our store count.
Scott Krasik: Okay. And then just – just lastly, you guys should generate a kind of cash based on this plan. I’m just wondering, how and when you elect to deploy the cash? Thank you very much.
Tom George: Good question. That is part of the board’s current strategic evaluation. So we’re really can’t comment on that right now.
Scott Krasik: Okay. Thanks, guys.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Randy Konik of Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Randy Konik: Yes. Thanks a lot. So Dave, I just wanted to follow-up on the wholesale rationalization. You gave us perspective on – I think, you said close to 400 accounts. Is there any more granularity you can give us on how many – because you said there is more to come? Just any more granularity on how much more will come? And then is it safe to assume given where the backlog trends are and giving the account closures that have occurred already, it’s almost seems – if the – you’ve reached finally – some inflection stabilization in the core account base, is that fair? Or is that on the way? How do I think about that? That’s my first questions. Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yes. I’ll answer your second one first. I think that we have landed on a nice stabilization of core accounts that are driving the majority of the volume. So we use the term we want to win with the champions – the channel champions, and we think that with our current key accounts and some of the new ones we’ve incubated, we believe these are the player that are going to be around for a while, they have strong E-Commerce business is that we could continue to develop. And they’re going to represent the brand in a positive way. And then includes some of the newer accounts we’re incubating such as foot action in 602 in North America. Beyond that, we’ll continue to look at cleaning up the distribution. We want to elevate the presence of our brand here around. We want to showcase the full breadth of the brand. We don’t need more distribution for core Classics, we have that covered, and the customer knows where to find that. So I think you’ll see another couple of hundred, few hundred over the next few years of accounts clean up in North America, but we haven’t given the real detail or map that out exactly yet.
Randy Konik: Got it. And then can I ask about the international. Obviously, it seems like the opportunity there has been, it's like some fits and starts there. So just – have you guys – can you give us some perspective on how you think about potential sizing of the international opportunity? What things you need to take on to get that geographic part of the market to accelerate? And beyond, I think, you said Germany and UK, what are the – I think, China you said, what other areas are interesting? And what areas are just not appealing and why?
Dave Powers: Yes. So we’ve been working hard over the last year – couple of years really in the last year to kind of reset the game plan for Europe and also in China. We’ve new leadership in our European business for the UGG brand that came on in the last six months. We have spent a lot of time cultivating the new markets there of Germany, and looking for new opportunities beyond existing accounts and beyond Classic business. And I think we’re in a pretty good place in Europe. The brand continues to be strong. The order book looks good for the fall season. And I think the people are realizing, there is more opportunity for the UGG brand. So good leadership in place, good accounts segmentation strategy in place, product is right for the market and also the strategic partnerships with the key people over there are in place. So I think we’re in a good position for Europe. On the Asia Pacific side, the game is really all about China. And so we have obviously prove success with the brand with our owned store model and E-Commerce model. The partner program is off to a strong start. And we realized that through the conversations with our partner and the opportunity and the brand in that market, there is bigger upside for growth over time. So we’re going to invest in the brand in that market, we’ve shifted some marketing dollars for this year heading into fall 2017. We are in the process of aligning with the key celebrity in that market to really drive brand, heat and brand awareness and with the continued partnership with our wholesale partners opening doors for the UGG brand. We see that as a significant opportunity.
Randy Konik: And can I just ask one last one last one here. Yes, on the good work doing around cleaning up the distribution on the U.S. market. That’s going to create more UGG, I guess, scarcity value. And then give you more ability to kind of pleased pricing, et cetera. So how should we be thinking about kind of AUR trend and pricing architecture in the UGG-based business sort of UGG business over the next couple of years? Because it seems like, there’s an opportunity to kind of get more former pricing, less markdown less closeout on a – not just on a seasonal basis, but on a more sustainable structural basis that should give this business model more kind of long-term higher structural margin. So I just want to get your thoughts on that. Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yes, I think you’re thinking about at the right way. We are invested in the long-term health of the UGG brand. We think a little bit of scarcity across some of the core Classics business over time is the right thing to do. And we’re focused on improving ASPs and a tighter control on inventory in the marketplace. So you will see this fall that we’re going to less closeouts in the market, that’s the plan. More full price business and try to control the inventory through the process. So you’ve really summed up the goal long-term.
Randy Konik: Great, thank you.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jim Duffy of Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jim Duffy: Thanks. Hi, guys. Couple of questions for me. First, thanks for the detail, identifying the components of the savings opportunity in both the cost of goods and the SG&A buckets. Tom, which of those you expect come earlier in the window? And which do you see materializing later in that window through fiscal 2020.
Tom George: Both start coming not only in 2018, but 2019 and 2020. So they will occur in all three years. We see the SG&A opportunity is very large and significant not only this year, but also in 2019 and 2020.
Dave Powers: And I think, Jim, we're starting to see the impacts already of the COGS savings. And then the SG&A savings will be heavily driven by retail store closures over the next two years. Just a matter of timing when we get those stores closed.
Tom George: As well as the other indirect spend; savings we see in other organization process improvement efficiencies we'll see.
Dave Powers: Yes.
Jim Duffy: Okay. And then in terms of the evaluation of the retail fleet, it just a matter of MPV calculation or IRR calculation about getting out of those leases?
Dave Powers: Well, the assessment really comes down to: a, that a strategic locations sort of the brand long- term. And then you couple that with the financial performance – current financial performance and then based on outlook for that location what kind of returns are we getting on there. We have our threshold of 20% returns on profit for fore well. But then when you look at that over time, we think that we need to have a more balanced fleet between full price and outlet stores globally, full price to serve the consumer and the brand diversification efforts. And then the outlet stores in the market to you make sure, we keep a clean marketplace and drive profit.
Jim Duffy: Okay, great. And then I know implementation of product segmentation strategies go hand-in-hand with your agenda to be more strategic on distribution. In this fiscal year, where we see evidence in the marketplace of those product segmentation strategies? Or is that delayed over the next fiscal year?
Dave Powers: Yes, good question, because that's really important for the brand long-term. You're going to see initial results of segmentation. The challenge with that is, we are retrofitting so to speak the product line for fall 2017. But when you get to spring 2018 and really fall 2018, you will see a much more robust segmentation strategy with product design specifically for channel and tier.
Jim Duffy: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Dave Powers: You bet.
Tom George: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jay Sole from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi this is Joseph lied on for Jay. Just a few questions here. Can you talk about sort of the cadence store closures we may see over the course of the year? And then secondly, on the cost bucket between gross margin and SG&A, is it positive sort of rank importance of the each of the elements that you listed?
Dave Powers: In terms of the cadence, we're still evaluating that. What typically goes into play is – when – if you can't get them sooner than the year then you go ahead and take advantage of peak and get a big return on the store. And you typically have enclosed by the end for the fiscal year-end. In terms of what may be closed this year versus next year it could – to be determined, it is going to be a function of in some cases what kind of cash payment we need to make the good out of the store. But – for this year for fiscal year and 2018 the assumption we're making is that they are going to be close towards the end of the year, so therefore there is really not a big impact on revenues for the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Great.
Tom George: Including transfers to a partner kind of…
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thanks. And then my second question, so could you rank the – like the importance of the buckets of COGS saving?
Dave Powers: As far as the components driving the COGS savings.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes.
Tom George: I'd say the biggest thing there is consolidating the factory-based moving production outside of China, the material yields some of the other sourcing negotiations and things that we're doing.
Dave Powers: Yes. And then going over time, the go-to-market process and the development process, so a skew rationalization, skew optimization and then just improving our product development and cycle times, will have a pay back on that too.
Unidentified Analyst: All right. Thanks so much.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Rafe Jadrosich from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Rafe Jadrosich: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. Just in terms of the $50 million of reinvestment, where will that be focused?
Dave Powers: Yes, so there is a few areas. First and foremost, the reinvestment will be focused on our growth driver. So in the UGG brand, again, as around the areas of men's in spring and summer, and then creating awareness in the HOKA brand, so that’s a marketing reinvestment in the HOKA brand. In addition to that as Steve mentioned putting back the performance comp from its base comp into the mix. And then you have a level of sales-related variable expenses to the growth over time as well, two, three buckets.
Rafe Jadrosich: Thank you. And then just can you – I'm going to miss this, how many stores did you finish the year with?
Dave Powers: 160.
Tom George: 160.
Dave Powers: 160. And then we said by 2020, we think 125 globally own stores is the right number for the size of the business and our ability to the brand.
Rafe Jadrosich: All right, great, thank you.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Bob Drbul from Guggenheim. Please go ahead.
Bob Drbul: Hey, good afternoon. I guess the first question is, on the backlog numbers that you talked about, does that include the account closure that's you had? Or did you exclude year-over-year?
Dave Powers: It's total.
Tom George: It's total. So it includes account closures that we've had. Correct.
Bob Drbul: Yes, okay, okay. And then can you talk a little bit on update on the men's business, how it's performing the outlook, as well as what you've learned with the Koolaburra with Kohl's.
Dave Powers: Yes. So men's, we're really excited about the momentum we have in men's. We started off last fall with continued momentum in our new male style. And that outlook for that product going into fall 2017 is very strong. In fact, it's the new male has become the number 1 style in the men's business, which is the first for us is usually a slipper. So it's indicative of the fact that we're getting a new customer into the brand, the younger consumer in the brand and diversified distribution for the men's product. So we're very excited about the progress in men's across the board. But particularly in that new male franchise that we think we can continue to leverage. Koolaburra, again, a small business, but started off well this past year with our introduction and launch primarily at Kohl's. We're going to continue that business to grow in a handful of accounts. We're not looking to sell this at a broad distribution independents and thrill around a key account focus with the lean team. And we think this year we can double the business from last year and continue to incubate that business over time.
Bob Drbul: And if I could just follow-up on the 400 accounts, is there a dollar number of sales that was attributed to those accounts? Or how much did that influence the backlog is in your backlog that you guys did do business with last year?
Dave Powers: Yes, generally speaking large number of doors, small amount of business, except for maybe a handful of little bit more sizable ones.
Tom George: Right.
Bob Drbul: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Tom George: Right.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Corinna Van Der Ghinst of Citi. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Thank you. hi, good afternoon. Just one quick follow-up questions for me, on the reinvestment you guys are planning, is that incorporating any additional marketing expense? Or can you talk about a little bit what you guys are focusing the marketing on an outside the percent of sales versus last year maybe?
Dave Powers: As a percentage of sales over time, we see it in roughly about the little bit of an increase. But – what we've done over the last year through all this restructuring work is, we scrubbed the marketing spend globally. And we're reallocating to three main areas, one is digital globally across all brands: One is in UGG particularly in the areas of spring and summer and men's and China. So incremental spend is focused on their reallocated there. And then really on driving awareness in the HOKA brand. And so from a percentage increase over last year by brand HOKA is going to have a more significant increase in marketing spend to drive awareness. So we can start to see more success in the run specialty channels and beyond. And also in Europe, we've a pretty strong business that needs more awareness help in the country of Germany and the UK and then incubating China as well. So obviously, that brand has momentum when the customer hears about it, when they try it, they are hooked. But we just need to focus on growing awareness to optimize the size for that brand.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just a follow-up on Macy's I think you guys are – expanding to around 100 doors. Is that number going up more than you guys have previously planned? And can you talk a little bit about the extension that you guys are doing there. Are you going to do more shop-in-shops than you've done in the first season? And then just kind of what those extension will look like.
Dave Powers: Yes. So we've started last fall with the initial launch in Macy's Herald Square, which was very successful. In fact, they give us more space for the months November and December. And we also did a 35-store test with a broad demographic of store locations. We've now correlate that into continuing to support the Herald Square and shop-in-shops that we've established. And then we're going to 200 doors. Believe we started that for spring and that will continue into fall. And right now we’re comfortable with that amount. We want optimize the business in those stores and make sure, we have a robust presentation across all genders and all seasons. That’s going well so far. So we're optimistic about the opportunity going forward into this fall, both instores and online.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Okay, great. And then just one final follow-up on just your inventory management trends going forward. You guys [indiscernible] last fall and you’ve utilize the UGG closet function a bit more. Can you talk about how that strategy is being transferred this fall versus last year? And how you’re kind of thinking about that longer term as well?
Dave Powers: Yes. So couple of things, one is we spoke on the last call about filling less closeouts into the channel this past Q4, so we achieve that goal in North America. So there's less closeouts in the channel to begin with. We did utilize UGG closet to help flesh that inventory, which from my perspective is a very healthy way to do it because you're getting higher margin per style. You're getting the customer data as you make that sale. And then you're selling the inventory directly to the consumer versus to an account who may hold onto that and then sell it later in fall which will disrupt your full price business. So that’s going to continue going forward, we’ll utilize UGG closet for that as a way to optimize the margin of access inventory. Generally speaking, we are focused on having fewer closeouts across the board over time. And then we will continue to utilize full – sorry, key accounts for some of the closeout business such as DSW and Nordstrom rack, et cetera.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Okay, thank you.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator:
. :
Unidentified Analyst: It's the Eric on Erinn. Thanks for taking our questions. First one I guess for me is, how you are close stores how you are thinking about balancing the recapture between your own E-Commerce website of those units and 3P replenishment type website Amazon around those, et cetera, as you – as the units shift especially on the 50% of business that’s Classics and specialty Classics?
Dave Powers: Yes. So its hard to capture 100% of that business obviously. And so we're planning on capturing small percentage of that business from the store volume. The other challenge that we have to face when we do close those stores, those stores are driving business to our online channel through our infinite UGG program and Click and Collect. So we're working to capture 100% of those store closure business, that's what we estimated on $50 million headwind this year. We will see a little bit of pickup, but it certainly not to the way we can capture that business going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Powers for his closing remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, everybody. With the fiscal year 2017 now closed and fiscal year 2018 beginning. I would like to reiterate our focus on improving profitability and strengthening our brand for future growth. As we look forward the entire company is intensely focused on achieving our 13% operating margin Target for 2020. We would do this by driving growth in our UGG and HOKA brand, optimizing profitability and our Teva and Sanuk brands, and executing on the cost savings and gross margin improvements over the immediate term. While the marketplace may continue to have its challenges, we're confident in our ability to control our cost structure in line with the changes in our business pattern while continuing to optimize our sales channel as globally. In closing, I would like to thank all of our stakeholders for their support and employee for their continued focus and passion for the business. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-02-02 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Fasching - Vice President, Strategy & Investor Relations Dave Powers - President and Chief Executive Officer Thomas George - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Randal Konik - Jefferies Scott Krasik - Buckingham Research Group Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray Jonathan Komp - Robert W. Baird Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity Corinna Van Der Ghinst - Citi Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brand Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Steve Fasching, VP, Strategy and Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Fasching. Please go ahead.
Steve Fasching: Thanks, and welcome everyone joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance, including our projected net sales, margins, expenses and earnings per share, as well as statements regarding our business transformation plans, product and brand strategies, market opportunities and restructuring plans. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent the company’s current expectations and are based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether to conform such statements to actual results or changes in its expectations or as a result of the availability of new information. With that, I will now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Steve, and good afternoon to everyone. Today, I'll begin with a review of our third-quarter performance, covering the successes and challenges we experienced in the business. I'll then discuss how we are continuing to streamline our cost structure and improve our long-term profitability. Finally, I'll review the impairment and write-down of goodwill. Beginning with our performance in the quarter, we delivered revenue of $760 million and reported earnings per share of $1.27, which includes impairment, restructuring, and other charges of 128.9 million. Non-GAAP earnings per share, excluding these charges was $4.11. Tom will walk you through more details on the financials in a moment. The revenue and earnings shortfall was caused by weaker than expected wholesale sales. This was partially offset by a stronger than expected result from our direct-to-consumer channel, highlighted by a 4.7% comp increase. Beginning with the miss, our wholesale and distributor business was challenged globally by lower than expected reorders and a few limited cancellations. Domestically, we believe the warm temperatures at the start of the key selling season impacted sell-through in November. The slow start heightened retailer caution, especially since they carried over product following last year's warm winter. Sell-through accelerated as the weather turned colder, however, it was too late to get retailers to commit to taking additional orders. Retailers instead were focused on selling through their inventory and not reorder for sales upside. While our net sell-in results were disappointing, retailers ended December with cleaner inventory levels compared to a year ago. On the international side, wholesale and distributor sales also fell short of our expectation. While sales this year were higher than last, international demand was weaker than expected and the shipping delay experienced in Q2 with our new European 3PL caused a missed reorder opportunity. While we fell short of our expectation, overall we understand many of our wholesale partners were pleased with their sales performance of the UGG brand and especially with the full price sell-through of the Classic II. Collectively, our key wholesale partners had a solid season with UGG and this underscores the brand's importance to their business. Now that the retailers' inventory is in a clean position and we have transitioned the market to Classic II, we can move forward with the ability to drive more full price selling. Looking ahead, we are focused on delivering high quality sales through developing more compelling segmented product, better inventory management, appropriately managing the amount of Classics in the marketplace, diversifying and reducing the seasonality of the UGG business, and finding growth in other full price opportunities, such as men's, kids, and apparel. To that end, we are very pleased with the performance of UGG for men. NPD Retail Tracking Service ranked UGG as the number seven men's fashion footwear brand for the quarter, breaking into the top 10 for the first time ever, largely driven by the success of the new male style. At the same time, UGG Men's was up 34% versus last year in our key account. To capitalize on these opportunities, we must further strengthen our wholesale relationships so that we are even more strategically aligned. Our leadership team, including myself, has been meeting with the management teams of our top wholesale accounts to align on our strategies. Together, our goals for the UGG brand are very similar. They are reaching a younger consumer, growing the men's business, creating a compelling and segmented year-on offering, all while preserving the classics franchise and ensuring core classics brand position. In order to accomplish these goals, we are continuing to optimize our wholesale distribution in order to drive more business and improve profitability. We are also continuing to test and selectively open new accounts that share the same philosophies of the UGG brand. We are on track towards having a stronger, more diversified wholesale business, marked by healthy margins and fewer closeout sales. Now moving on to the performance of our DTC channel, as I mentioned, we were very pleased to report a positive 4.7% comp. The positive result was driven by stronger than expected e-commerce results and improving trends in our retail store comp. Our e-commerce business delivered our largest volume quarter ever, benefiting from the utilization of UGG Closet, which provides a controlled, high-margin way to close out UGG product. In addition, our omni-channel initiatives, like Click & Collect, Infinite UGG, and our newly launched UGG Rewards loyalty program, are helping us better engage with consumers and drive traffic through all channels. Unfortunately, brick-and-mortar traffic remains challenging and we expect our stores will continue to face headwinds for the foreseeable future. So while our stores remain an important component of servicing our consumer, testing product, and showcasing the breadth of the UGG brand, we believe it is prudent to further reduce our global brick-and-mortar footprint. Now to an update on the progress we are making to streamline our organization. As I indicated when I first took over as CEO, fiscal 2017 is a transition year for Deckers. Since assuming the role, I've been evaluating the organization to make the right refinements in our structure and strategy that I expect will make us a stronger company and more competitive in the marketplace. This includes strategic spend reduction as we are realigning our organization to better engage and service our global omni-channel consumers. As part of my assessment to improve our operating model, we've been working with a top-tier consulting firm. The focus of our combined efforts has been on right-sizing our operations and optimizing our omni-channel structure and reducing inefficient spend. So far, our work has identified a total of $150 million of cumulative annual cost savings. This includes $60 million of previously announced improvements and $90 million of newly identified savings. The previously announced savings include the closure of 24 retail stores and office consolidations, which we said would reduce operating expenses by 35 million. It also includes 150 basis points improvement in our gross margin that we had guided to this year, which equates to savings of more than $25 million. The newly announced savings of $90 million will also be a combination of further SG&A savings and cost of goods sold improvement. On the SG&A side, we are committed to saving $60 million through organizational changes, which includes a headquarter staff reduction; reducing and reallocating our marketing spend; further retail store consolidation, including store closures and converting international-owned stores to partners; driving omni-channel operations efficiencies; and improving indirect spend. These SG&A reductions will free up non-productive spend, eliminate layers within the organization, and allow us to be faster and more agile. The contraction will help us realign organizational costs against the rapidly changing environment, aligning the company's skill set and better positioning it to confront the challenges of the current environment, and the evolving consumer preferences in distribution and digital marketing. We also believe we can drive an additional $30 million in COGS savings through further improvements in sourcing of materials, shortening of our product development lifecycle, focusing on automation, moving production outside of China and, consolidating our factory base. The total of $150 million in announced savings excludes any reinvestment we may continue to make to diversify the UGG brand, profitably expand our international business, and grow the HOKA brand. With HOKA, we see further opportunity to expand the North American presence with product extensions and category expansion that appeals to a broader consumer base. On the international front, we have just begun to scratch the surface with HOKA and see significant potential for growth. We ended 2016 with over 20 awards, including Editor's Choice by Runner's World. Global media impressions exceeded 2.2 billion as we continue to gain eyeballs on the brand. For this year, HOKA has introduced two new styles, the Arahi and the Gaviota, that are in the stability running category, which represent upwards of 35% of the total running market. HOKA has never had a traditional stability shoe and these styles will help continue to gain share in the market. We are very happy with the launch and the Arahi is quickly becoming a top-selling style. We will give more specifics on the timing of the savings and reinvestment when we provide our annual outlook on our next earnings call. In the meantime, the company continues to be focused on implementing a strategy aimed at meeting the changing needs of our customers in the industry, and we will continue to drive towards these initiatives and believe they will help us win with consumers and drive improved profitability. This organizational self-evaluation, in conjunction with the annual assessment of goodwill related to the Sanuk acquisition in 2011, has resulted in the impairment charges for Sanuk. This was determined based on a more limited view of expansion opportunities, given the changing retail environment. We are confident that Sanuk will continue to be an important brand in the sandal and casual canvas category. And with new leadership now in place, we have been able to reduce costs and also improve product design and marketing through leveraging innovation and collaboration across our brand. With that, I'll now hand the call over to Tom to provide more details on the financials.
Thomas George: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Today I will take you through our third-quarter results in greater detail, break out the restructuring and EBIT charges recorded in the quarter, and provide an outlook for the fourth quarter and update on fiscal 2017. Finally, I'll provide some additional details on the company's projected cost-savings program. Please note, throughout this discussion where I refer to non-GAAP financial measures, I am referring to results before taking into account restructuring and EBIT charges. Also note, our non-GAAP results are not adjusted for constant currency. A reconciliation between our reported GAAP results and the non-GAAP results can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our website under the investor information tab. Now to our results for the third quarter. As Dave mentioned, revenue was $760 million, which was below our projections for the third quarter, primarily due to lower than expected global wholesale sales, partially offset by strong sales in our DTC segment. While sales were below guidance for the quarter, gross margins met our expectation and improved year-over-year. Gross margin for the quarter was 50.5%, compared to 49.1% last year. The improvement versus last year was driven primarily by improved input costs and a higher proportion of DTC sales. Reported SG&A expense was $330.3 million, and this includes the $128.9 million restructuring, impairment, and other charges. The breakout of these charges are: $118 million for the Sanuk brand impairment, $9 million for retail-store closures and impairment, and $1.9 million of other restructuring costs. On a non-GAAP basis, SG&A expense was $201.4 million. For the quarter, GAAP earnings per share was $1.27 versus $4.78 a year ago. Our non-GAAP earnings for the quarter were $4.11, which was below our guidance range of $4.16 to $4.28. The year-over-year decline on non-GAAP basis was driven by lower sales and higher SG&A, partially offset by a 140 basis-point increase in gross margin. Inventories at the end of Q3 were $373.5 million, an increase of just under 1% over the same period last year. The increase is primarily due to the lower than expected level of wholesale sales. Going forward, we recognize the need to manage our inventories more effectively; however, at this point, rather than close out inventory quickly to achieve a revenue target in Q4, we want to manage inventory in a way that is healthy for the brand long term. We will adjust our inventory buys for fall 2017 accordingly, but recognize that inventories will remain higher than optimal in the immediate term. During the third quarter, the company repurchased approximately 222,500 shares for a total of $12.6 million at an average price of $56.51. As of December 31, 2016, the company had $65.3 million remaining under its $200 million stock repurchase program. Now moving to our outlook, for the fourth quarter we expect revenue to be in the range of down approximately 6% to 5% compared with the same period last year. We expect non-GAAP earnings per share to range from breakeven to a loss of $0.10 compared to non-GAAP earnings per share of $0.11 last year. We now expect lower revenue in Q4, due primarily to a strategic reduction in UGG closeout sales, coupled with a weaker retail environment and reduced expectations for Sanuk. As Dave alluded to earlier, one of the reasons the domestic reorder business did not materialize in Q3 as we had anticipated was due to retailers carrying over product from the year before. Now that retailer inventory is in a healthier position, we are going to be more pragmatic about our closeout strategies so that we are entering fall 2017 with less promotional carryover inventory in the channel. For the full fiscal year, we are lowering our guidance range. We now expect revenue to be down approximately 5% and non-GAAP earnings per share to be in the range of $3.45 to $3.55 on a share count of 32.3 million. Moving on to the tax rate for the full year, we expect a tax rate of approximately 27% versus approximately 22% last year. As a reminder, our earnings per share guidance for the fourth quarter and full year exclude any pretax charges that may occur from any further restructuring charges. We expect fourth quarter restructuring charges to be approximately $20 million. Now moving to the savings plan, we anticipate $150 million in cumulative annual savings by the end of fiscal year 2019, with a portion coming in the current fiscal year and then accelerating over the next two fiscal years. As Dave mentioned, the $150 million is comprised of $60 million of previously announced savings and $90 million of newly announced savings initiatives and excludes any reinvestment we may make. The current guidance for fiscal-year 2017 includes $34 million of savings, of which $27 million is cost of goods sold from improved input costs and supply-chain efficiencies and more than $7 million of SG&A savings related to the office consolidation. This leaves approximately $116 million of savings that we plan to begin to realize over the next two years. While it is still early and we are working hard to reduce our SG&A, it will take some time for these savings to be fully implemented. Therefore, when taking into consideration some of the additional reinvestments we anticipate to make in the business, the bulk of the net SG&A savings won't begin until fiscal-year 2019, with more net savings continuing beyond. We do expect that once implemented these savings will reduce our SG&A run rate on an absolute dollar basis. We will provide more specific details on timing when we give fiscal year 2018 guidance on our Q4 earnings call. With that, I will now turn it back to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Tom. The pace of change in consumer shopping behavior continues to accelerate and we must evolve to keep up. This requires us to improve our product offering and how we go to market, but also requires us to right-size the organization and reallocate our spending to the most productive areas of the business. The savings announced today puts us on the path to operational improvement, while also freeing up resources to attack areas of opportunity. We are proactively right-sizing this organization with an eye to the future and a firm commitment to improving profitability and increasing value for our shareholders. With that, we are now ready for Q&A.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Randal Konik with Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Randal Konik: I really appreciate you taking my question. I guess, Dave, I asked this on the last quarter call. I want to ask it again. How do you think about what the long-term distribution model has to look like for this company? Obviously, it's been historically more wholesale dominant. We went through a period of time when we went more towards a retail centric, or going towards a retail-centric model, and then pulled off that a little bit and exploring some Amazon. So I'm just kind of curious on how we should be thinking about not what happens next year, but what kind of the long-term thinking around how you want to distribute the products, specifically UGGs, let's say five years out, and how do you get there and so forth. Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yeah, sure, Randy, it's a great question, and obviously I think the results of the quarter indicate the urgency that we need to shift our distribution strategy both in the short and long term. This is something we've been working on for the past 18, 24 months as we have established our omni-channel infrastructure to be able to shift channels. Some of the testing that you saw in new channels this past quarter, i.e., Macy's, into Foot Locker and going into Amazon, we're anticipating a broader shift in the distribution long term. For me, it comes down to controlling our distribution as best we can, so continuing to work with the partners who are going to continue to win, continuing to work with partners that are going to showcase and present our brand in a quality way, and then bringing on even more so partners that are working closer to the consumer, and most importantly, our e-commerce business. I believe the more consumers we can bring into our DTC channels and our e-commerce business, the better off for us and for them. It's a high-profit distribution and that's where they want to shop, especially the younger consumer. As we've talked about over the last couple calls, we're also cleaning up and right-sizing our distribution in North America, so closing unproductive accounts and creating more opportunity for our top key accounts to do business with us in a quality way. So I think longer term you are going to see us control more of our distribution. You are going to see more distribution done through online channels, whether it's through our online channels or our top partners, and we're right-sizing the organization to be able to help them be successful that way. But really, the ultimate goal for us is fewer key accounts across the distribution marketplace, more through online, and more through direct channels.
Randal Konik: So I guess two more on that, then. Is there any type of target that you could kind of give us that we can think towards, saying we want capital X percent of the business to be retail versus wholesale, something like that? And then, I guess, the second question around wholesale is, are you seeing varying big differences in the sellthrough rates at, let's say, the large department-store accounts relative to the sellthrough rate at the independent or smaller kind of accounts? I'm just curious on what you're seeing because, obviously, what we see in the public world is Macy's misses, Target misses, and so forth, so there's a never ending drumbeat of negativity out there. I'm just curious on if what you are seeing is different across those two different types of wholesale channels, if you will, and, importantly, how should we be thinking about long-term mix around wholesale versus retail versus Internet, et cetera, trying to wrap our arms around what the ultimate final distribution model should look like for the company? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yeah, great questions, Randy. I think to speak to the long-term mix, it's something we're still evaluating after coming out of this quarter and realizing that the shift in the channels are accelerating at a faster pace than ever. You know I think the strength of our DTC channel in the last quarter and the amount of business that we did to that channel, I believe, was roughly about 45% of total business, if not higher, done through DTC. I think that's probably closer to what the future looks like, but I think we'll have more insights and information to share on the long-term distribution strategy on the next call. But it is something that we are aggressively taking a good look at in right-sizing, as I said, the distribution. With regards to sellthrough, we're not seeing dramatically different rates of sellthrough between the majors and the independents. Generally speaking, everybody had a healthy sellthrough results with the UGG brand in the last quarter and they have cleaner inventories as a result of that, so we're pleased with that. But with regards to differences by account sellthrough, we haven't really seen any major differences.
Randy Konik: Great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Scott Krasik with Buckingham Research Group. Please go ahead.
Scott Krasik: Yeah. Hi. A few questions here, thanks. So I just want to understand, first, in the third quarter you gave back probably 200 to 300 basis points in gross margins last year on markdowns. You had indicated you had 100 basis points of sheepskin that would benefit you this quarter, plus you had the benefit of mix. I'm just wondering what happened to the margins that you gave back last year on the markdowns?
Dave Powers: With regards to the past quarter, the results, the 50% margin?
Thomas George: Scott, this is Tom, just to level-set things on the margin. For the quarter, we were at 50.5%, a year ago at 49.1%. Our input costs improved by 150 basis points, with about 100 of that being sheepskin and another 50 basis points related to supply-chain efficiencies. And then, there was some FX drag in the quarter, about 50 basis points, and then because of the higher concentration in DTC, we had about a 20 basis-point lift in the margin just by channel mix alone. So I don't know if that's the question you were getting to?
Scott Krasik: That's helpful, but then again it doesn't explain, I mean, you were writing checks last year to retailers. Were you writing the same amount of checks this year? Is that what you're indicating? So the 49.1% was the right base for you to start off of or did you write more checks, less checks?
Dave Powers: So, Scott, I think what you're asking is because we provided some markdown money and marketing assistance last year, most of that was recorded in Q4. So while the map reduction went into effect in December, a lot of the margin that you're talking about actually happened in Q4. So the margin improvement that Tom just gave is really kind of the Q3 impact.
Scott Krasik: Okay. And then, it looks like if you take out that $7 million of cost savings you're talking about in 4Q, you are still looking at almost 10% SG&A growth in the fourth quarter against a minus 5% topline. So, I'm just wondering, what are you spending on that you need to grow SG&A that much in 4Q?
Thomas George: Scott, some of that is related to retail stores. We're closing about 21 stores this year. A lot of those are going to close in the fourth quarter, so we had some additional stores in the third quarter. Some of it is some additional marketing around our e-commerce business, and another item is there is some increased incentive comp this year relative to year ago and that's really related to, incentive comp related to lower levels of management relative to a year ago.
Dave Powers: I think, Scott, the important thing to remember there is on the previous that Dave and Tom talked about, the $35 million that we previously announced, we said $25 million of that was related really to the retail-store closures. That really doesn't kick in until FY 2018, so the savings that we're talking about, while we've identified it, it's because we wanted to keep those stores open through the height of the season and then really close those stores in Q4. So we still have operating costs related to the running of those stores that will close in Q4. So you are seeing some of that lift; that goes away in FY 2018.
Scott Krasik: Okay. And then, so you alluded to more store closures, so maybe where do you see the store count by the end of FY 2018?
Dave Powers: Yeah, we're still evaluating specifics on that, Scott. I would say that we're looking at a combination of closing owned stores from a global perspective, and then transferring stores in China from owned to partners. So we don't have all the final details on that, but we'll share that on the next call.
Scott Krasik: And then, just last, I'm sure you've already seen your book form, at least the beginnings of it, so maybe help us understand. I know there's some new distribution. What is the order book starting to look like for next fall for UGG?
Dave Powers: Yeah, it's too early for us to comment on that. I mean, the wholesale channels are still trying to figure out what happened in their business, so the order book conversations are live at the moment. It's too early to comment on it.
Thomas George: Yeah, and the other thing to remember there, Scott, is, remember, that's a big reason why we changed our fiscal year was so that we could give a better year-out guidance after we got a better read on the order book. So, we're still very early on that. There's still a lot to go in terms of understanding where we're at, and normally we give that on the next call and that's really why we changed our fiscal year.
Dave Powers: But the conversations have been healthy to date.
Scott Krasik: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Erinn Murphy: Great, thanks. Good afternoon. Just wanted to focus on that $90 million of incremental cost-savings opportunity, I guess, when did you guys start looking at this as a layer of opportunity? Is this something that has just come up in the last few months since the season's been more difficult or has it been something that you guys have been evaluating? I guess I'm trying to understand how much rigor is around this. And then, if you could just bucket out the piece around reduced marketing versus the headcount reduction and some of the other initiatives you've talked about. Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yeah, thanks, Erinn. So as I announced on the last couple of calls, one of the main priorities for me when I took on this new role back in June was to get a look at our operating structure and look for efficiencies. So over the past six months, we've been working with a firm that I mentioned on the phone, as well as internal work to get after, what I would say is, opportunities to increase the long-term profitability of the company. So this work has been ongoing since I took on the new role over the last six months. We finalized some of the details of that through the end of Q3 and we're ready at this point to announce the specifics on that, as you heard on the call.
Thomas George: So we have a good, a real solid road map, Erinn, and in the May call, the fourth quarter call of May, we'll be able to provide more details as well as more around the cadence of the savings.
Erinn Murphy: Fair enough.
Thomas George: But I would say regardless of the result of the quarter, we've been on track for this for quite some time and we're super focused on it, as well as looking for growth opportunities to offset the opportunities down the road.
Erinn Murphy: Got it. Okay. And just maybe approaching Scott, first question he asked as it related to the third quarter. When you went into the quarter, you put out a number of scenarios on the guidance, assuming at the low end of the range the environment was just as bad as last year; at the high end, obviously weather in that case could have cooperated better. We didn't get the weather benefit, the season started late, as you alluded to, but were there other items that you just completely missed in the forecast? I mean were you assuming just a more robust reorder cadence? I'm just trying to understand at least on the topline miss what were some of the things you hadn't put into that original forecast. It seems somewhat conservative on the low end, initially.
Thomas George: Yeah. So what happened really is we said in some of those guidance projections on the last call and subsequent conversations that the lower guidance really depended on reorders. And so if we didn't get the reorders, we would have, I'm sorry, the higher end of the guidance depended on reorders; the lower end of the guidance depended on - it looked like a no reorder or low reorder situation. What we didn't account for is the carryover inventories a lot of our wholesalers had in their inventories from closeouts that we did last Q4, and so what we believe is the amount of business that was done overall in our wholesalers was strong and healthy, but the mix of carryover versus new inventory in the quarter was higher than we anticipated.
Dave Powers: Just on that, because I think it's an important question to understand kind of what happened in Q3, as you kind of indicated, the warm start in October and November, I think, really scared wholesalers in terms of commitments or taking orders that they had. The other thing, as Dave mentioned, is really the composition of inventory that a lot of our - a few of our top wholesalers bought last year and carried over into Q3, and so kind of the two related, the cautious nature of the wholesalers, combined with the warm start, really didn't encourage them to be aggressive with their buys. And as we all know, they are very concerned about inventory management. So, when the weather did turn kind of early December, that's when things really started to sell, but it was too late to get wholesalers to commit to more reorders so late in the season. They didn't want to take that risk of the additional inventory. And so that's where we really saw kind of the difference from what we had guided to. And it also leads into how we're thinking about next year and we look at this year. So when you look at the reduction in the guidance that we're giving in Q4, recognizing what happened, we don't want to build a channel with more closeout inventory. So, strategically, we're taking down that number, which we feel better sets us up for sell-in next year at a better sell-in price.
Erinn Murphy: Got it. That's helpful. Thank you, guys.
Dave Powers: Sure.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Komp with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Yeah, hi thank you. Dave, I want to ask, I think you had mentioned, I want to clarify first, but I think you mentioned the men's business was up something like 36% year-over-year. And I'm wondering if you could just give even directional color on what you saw across the other pieces of the business?
Dave Powers: So, first of all, the men's business we're very pleased with. In our key account, it was up 34% overall. We had strong results in our DTC channel, driven by really the most biggest highlight in that category is our new male style, which is gaining real traction with a younger consumer. We're really excited about that opportunity to bring in younger and male consumer into the brand. We also had strength in the slipper categories across men's and women's. And then in women's in general, the Classic II was very strong for us in our DTC channels, which we think is the best indication of the business. Struggled a little bit in the fashion styles, but really the overall Classics franchise did well and was a driver of our DTC business. And as Steve alluded to, unfortunately in wholesale we just didn't get the reorders because of the pickup in sales happened too late for them to reorder that product.
Jonathan Komp: Got it. And that partly gets to my second question. I just wanted to kind of dig in and maybe see what gives you comfort that some of the new product and marketing initiatives on the women's side specifically are resonating, understanding that obviously a lot of noise going on in the wholesale marketplace. But any other feedback or consumer work you've done that would support that some of the new direction is working?
Dave Powers: Yes, I believe a lot of the changes we've made in our digital marketing infrastructure and our ability to connect with the consumer is paying off. Our site traffic on our own e-commerce site was up 35% for the quarter. Site visits from social was up over 300% in the quarter. So to me, those are strong indications of the marketing and the product that we're bringing into the market is exciting our consumer. It's driving interest in the brand quite dramatically, and, again, we saw that increase in our DTC business. So what we just didn't see, again, at the end of December, was the reorders that would indicate that in the wholesale business, but all internal channels that we've seen and the KPIs that we track indicate that those are paying off.
Thomas George: I think also, just to add a little bit, John, as we saw success with Classic II in December, so…
Jonathan Komp: Yeah.
Thomas George: When we looked at our e-commerce performance where we we’re actually selling side by side, we sold II to I, Classic II to I. So some of the other positive signs are, as we made that transition from I to II, in our own direct channels and, to a certain extent in some of our wholesalers, we saw strong selling of Classic II, so good customer acceptance. People still bought I in the outlets, but they were buying II, and when put side by side in our own direct-to-consumer channel, buying significantly better than I.
Dave Powers: Yeah. And I would say that that's true globally as well. We had great growth in our China business, in our DTC business there, as well as our new market, Germany, that we're building that business. And DTC generally, across the globe, indicated that the consumers are reacting to that marketing and that product, and the Classic II was a certain - definitely a strong winner for the season.
Jonathan Komp: Got it. And maybe just the last one for me, bigger picture on the margin side. It sounds like you're at least starting to think about kind of how some of the cost savings roll in 2018, 2019, and maybe into 2020. And this year you're going to be below 10% EBITDA margin on an adjusted basis for the first time. And any thoughts or updated perspective on, as you look out to, say, a 2019 or 2020 type EBIT margin, where you should be thinking for this business?
Dave Powers: Yeah. Well, first of all, I would say that 9% is not good enough, obviously, for us and we're not happy with that and we're doing everything we can to improve that above the 10%, 11% levels that we've had in recent years. So the cost savings, as I said, are going to be a key player in that. Driving growth back into the business will be a key player in that, including the margin improvement. But as we've said in the past, getting to a mid-teens number is still on the radar for us. It's going to take us a little bit longer than we anticipated to get there, but we have some activities in place and these cost savings are going to help us accelerate that path over the next 18 to 24 months. And we'll give more guidance and detail on that on the next call.
Jonathan Komp: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Camilo Lyon: Thanks, guys. Going back to how you're thinking about your wholesale strategy going forward, I'm curious to know how do you think about pricing and ensuring price integrity around your key brands, particularly UGG, as it relates to your wholesale partners. How do you force price integrity as you are having these discussions with your wholesale partners?
Dave Powers: Yes. I think, the key there, Camilo, is really around controlling the amount of inventory in the marketplace, and so having too much inventory in unproductive styles or just across the board leads to discounting in price. So the first thing we're doing, and that's indicative of the decision we made in Q4 to not flood the channel with closeouts, we're going to start being cleaner. We're going to be more selective in who we sell to, we're going to be more selective in how we allocate Classics products going forward, and we're going to continue to drive a more healthy full-price business over time.
Camilo Lyon: Does that mean that you need to be - that you need to shrink the ultimate market-size opportunity for the brand? Is that what we're kind of moving into here?
Dave Powers: Not necessarily. We're still focused on driving growth, but we want it to be healthy, more profitable growth in the right channels. We're optimizing every turn in every sale.
Camilo Lyon: And then, you definitely levered or you took advantage of the UGG Closet opportunity. That seemed to have benefited the e-commerce channel nicely throughout the quarter. Can you tell how the thought process has evolved around your markdowns and your promotional strategy in season?
Dave Powers: Yes. So first of all, the good news in that - even though we had good results in our UGG Closets, the full-price sales on our e-commerce site were healthier than last year and so we're making improvements there. What I really like about the Closet is a couple things. One, it's a much more profitable outlet for that closeout or off-price inventory versus selling that into off-price retailers at a much reduced margin. At the same time, we bring new consumers into the franchise, and as we do that, we gather their information so we can continue to cultivate that relationship and increase our sales over time. So for us, it's a very healthy way to take care of off-price inventory. We don't want it to be a main driver of our UGG site, obviously. But we see it as a healthy way to do it. The other way to think about this also is if you're selling closeouts in Q4, I would rather sell them direct to the consumer and have them in the hands of the consumer than sell them to a closeout channel and have them in the hands of the wholesaler who is going to hold onto that for Q3 and Q4 of next year.
Camilo Lyon: Okay. Thanks. And then, just finally, you mentioned Q4. This is the second year where the fourth quarter initial expectations were far higher than what the reality ended up being. In retrospect, where have you been more aggressive and where do you think you should really start to focus to, kind of, hone in on what the true fourth quarter can deliver?
Dave Powers: Well, as far as we're being aggressive, we're still aggressive with all the brands in this quarter. I think what you're seeing, obviously, is a little bit as a result of the wholesale slowdown, generally speaking, but also self-inflicted because we're holding back on closeout quantity in that quarter. Going forward, we still see great opportunity across the UGG brands in men's and women's and spring and summer product, which you're going to see some great launches in the next few weeks of styles that we think are more indicative of the opportunity there. HOKA will continue to be a major driver. The expectation for that brand in Q4 is continuing to increase and there is definite upside in this quarter. We'll continue to see it out of the HOKA brand. And I'm really optimistic still about Teva and Sanuk and their improved product pipeline and the innovation and marketing they are bringing to market. So we're bullish on all brands for Q4 going forward. Again, what we're seeing right now in the guidance for Q4 is partially self-inflicted to make sure we have a cleaner marketplace overall.
Camilo Lyon: Is there a way to quantify what that self-inflicted detriment to the revenue line is?
Dave Powers: I would say there is - yeah, we talked about it and Tom talked about it in his section. There is a component of a reduction to Sanuk. The rest of that is really that change in thinking in terms of the closeout strategy.
Thomas George: Through the UGG domestic wholesaler.
Dave Powers: Through the UGG domestic wholesaler. And we're also taking a cautious view at this point in time of the direct-to-consumer business in the March quarter.
Camilo Lyon: Got it. Okay, thanks guys.
Dave Powers: Thanks.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Corinna Van Der Ghinst with Citi. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Thank you. Hi, Dave just a follow-up on the guidance reduction. You guys mentioned that the business really improved into December, and then the Q4 sales were guided down another 5% to 6% and you guys obviously called up some of the drivers behind that. But also, is the deceleration based on an actual slowdown in your business at wholesale into January, or can you tell us a little bit of what the cadence has looked like so far this quarter to date?
Dave Powers: Yeah. There's been a little bit of slowdown. I think the industry is seeing a little bit of a hangover after the strong December. January, just kind of general market from what we can tell, has definitely slowed down and so that's part of the projection into Q4. We're seeing a little bit of that as well in our DTC channels, but the majority of the takedown for us is holding back on closeout volume.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Okay. Great. And then, I believe you said that reduced marketing is part of that $90 million in additional savings that you guys announced today. If I'm not mistaken, didn't you guys highlight the need for increased global marketing around the UGG brand in order to reignite that younger consumer and grow your global brand awareness? Is this going to hurt your future sales plans?
Dave Powers: Yeah. Good question. I think it's important to clarify that because we do believe that a strong marketing attack plan globally is the right thing for our brands. What we're really doing with marketing is reallocating spend and making sure that we're increasing our return on spend in marketing. So, for example, we have five brands that are distributed globally. We've taken a deep look at how those marketing dollars are spent by brand, by channel, by region and we will be doing some reallocation of spend to really drive the business where we see the biggest upside, which is the UGG and the HOKA brand primarily in North America and China.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Okay. Great. And then if I could just sneak one last question in, maybe you could talk a little bit more about the progress that you guys have made so far with your Amazon strategy, where you want that relationship to go longer term, the merchandising, and just in terms of segmentation with your other channels that you are growing?
Dave Powers: Yeah. So we are in the early days of that. We're now on their site selling directly for the first time, and so far, so good. It's one that we are monitoring closely. We have resources put on that account specifically and are working, I would say, very closely with them in a partnership. We believe and I certainly believe that the consumer is going to continue to migrate to the Amazon platform, and so in order for us to, again, control our distribution, we think it's important to be on there, to be visible to that consumer in a positive way. But that requires work on our end to clean up the marketplace and so we're going through the exercises, as we talked about last time, of cleaning up distribution in North America, and that includes online third-party sellers. So we can do more healthy business in a more premium positive way on the Amazon platform. But I think we'd be foolish to think that Amazon is not going to be a major player in the future. The younger consumer is migrating there quickly, and we think it's important for us to show up with all of our brands in a positive way on that platform and leverage that opportunity to reach more consumers.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: And just in terms of the segmentation and how you are going to keep your key retail accounts happy, I'm sorry, wholesale accounts happy?
Dave Powers: Yes. So that's all contemplated within our segmentation strategy across product, across men's, women's, and kids in the UGG brand, and the good/better/best and premium distribution strategy is contemplated within that. So, we can't share all the details on that yet, but trust to say that there will be segmentation around our key retailers at the top end of the distribution chain, with more premium product, more special product, and then core accounts will have limited offering as we go through the full distribution.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Okay. Great. And so just to clarify, Amazon will be good/better?
Dave Powers: Yeah. I think we're still evaluating that. They're certainly not premier or premium, but that's something that the teams are working through right now to make sure we have the right balance, depending on what we do with the rest of the distribution chain.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Great. Thank you so much.
Dave Powers: Yeah.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Omar Saad with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question, sir.
Omar Saad: Hi, thanks, good afternoon guys. Dave, I wanted to see if I could get you to talk a little bit more about DTC, the total retail business. The comps looked to inflect there against a - it looked to be a little bit of a tougher compare. I know e-commerce was a big driver, but I think 30% of the business now kind of on an LTM run rate, something like that. How are you thinking about that business over the next year? How big can it be, both e-commerce. It feels like your execution there is improving. Help us think through how you think about that channel?
Dave Powers: Yeah. We still see DTC as a very important channel and I'm pleased with the results we saw in Q3. It tells me that the teams are doing the right things from an operational standpoint, that our digital marketing efforts are paying off, and that we're servicing that consumer in a quality way. Over time, you are going to see a little bit of a shift in strategy there. Still early to share some of that, but trust to say we want to do more business over time through our online channel and use our stores to drive excitement and interest into the brand as a key touch point and experiential component of our DTC strategy. But I think you'll ultimately see e-commerce become a bigger component of our DTC business over time. And then, our full-price store is a more strategic from an experiential standpoint and we have a healthy outlet business to help with the off-price market in that opportunity as well, because our outlet business and stores are still very profitable for us around the globe as well. So if you think about the full-price stores as kind of top-tier flagship from a positioning standpoint, outlets driving a lot of positive profitability and volume, and really gearing up through an omni-channel focus in our capability to drive more consumers to our e-commerce business globally. And then, augmenting that where we can with third-party distributors and wholesale, so our partner program in China, which has proven to be very successful so far, and looking at other opportunities of that around the globe.
Omar Saad: Great. And then, how do I - I thought you guys are doing some interesting things around loyalty. There's some engagement-based loyalty stuff you are doing, not just the traditional points you build up to get discounts or whatever. Maybe talk through a little bit how you're thinking about that, and using the customer data, and also how you are engaging in trying to engender that loyalty with what you are doing, I think the social media aspect as well?
Dave Powers: I'm really pleased with the launch of our UGG loyalty program. We have over 400,000 customers that have signed up in the last quarter since the launch, which is very positive. And what we know about the UGG consumer and younger consumers in general is they value experiences more than things, in some cases. So we're trying to make it more than just a points-based discount program. We're trying to reward our consumers as ambassadors of the brand and recognizing them for their social behavior and creating more opportunities to win experiences from the UGG brand and offering them special product over time. So, this isn't just a, hey, shop more, you get more discounts on the brand. This is really engage with the brand in a more positive, experiential way and become ambassadors of the brand at the same time. And so, the early indications of this have been very positive and I believe it's helping drive traffic across all of our social channels and our direct channels as well, as well as improving visibility and excitement that will also help our top retail partners.
Omar Saad: Got it. That's very helpful. Thanks, Dave. Good luck.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: And our final question comes from the line of Mitch Kummetz with B. Riley. Please proceed with your question.
Mitch Kummetz: Thanks. I got a few; I think we can go through this fairly quickly, though. Tom, I think you said you were taking a conservative approach to DTC in Q4. Can you tell us what your comp assumption is there?
Thomas George: What we're looking at there, Mitch, is a negative low single-digit comp assumption for DTC.
Mitch Kummetz: Okay. And then on the UGG inventory, how much Classic I inventory are you guys currently sitting on? Is there any way to quantify that?
Thomas George: I'd say to talk about inventory in general, the elevated inventory levels really are a function of Classics in general, mostly the Classic II, not the Classic I. That's good news because historically when we've had elevated Classic inventories, we've been able to eventually move that without any significant markdowns. So there's going to be a lot of focus going forward and a lot of new processes and systems in place to be able to manage the inventories down. And we have the opportunity now. It's still early enough in the season to adjust the buys going forward as well.
Mitch Kummetz: Okay.
Dave Powers: Yeah. And to add to that, Mitch, I would say that the Classic I inventory in the channel is, I would say, close to very clean in that we have some to fuel our outlet business for the next maybe six months, but if you go on the e-commerce site right now, the only Classic I product on there is the Classic Talls. We have more inventory in the Tall, but we think it's a healthy amount of Classic I. Now that we've gone through this transition of the Classic II, we're in good shape to drive a more full-priced base business going forward and really leverage the Classic II success.
Mitch Kummetz: Okay. And then, how are you guys approaching some of these rogue retailers on a go-forward basis? I mean, obviously, we had The Walking Company just had a lot of stuff on sale through the holiday season. I mean, are you guys looking to cut these guys out or what is your sort of approach to that?
Dave Powers: Yeah, we're evaluating all that. As we spoke on the last call, we take it very seriously and we're doing what we can to make sure we drive a full-price business. But that we own that through the amount of distribution we have in the marketplace and the amount of inventory we have in the channel. And, again, going back to a cleaner, healthier inventory situation and really closely monitoring working with these accounts is what we're going to do. So as I said just optimizing our distribution for the short and long-term and making sure that the partners that we're selling to are representing the best the brand that’s priority number one.
Mitch Kummetz: Got it. And then lastly, how are you thinking about planned promotions going forward for the brand. I recall it correctly I think you made a comment that you had a pretty robust calendar planned promotions for holiday. I know it's your Classic II of non-core styles or otherwise kind of non-core product. I mean are you going to kind of maintain the same approach or do you think you have to kind of look at that more closely as a kind of late surprise integrity of the brand?
Dave Powers: Yeah, I think you know, I'm proud of the fact that we kept the integrity of the Classic II launch high through the first quarter of the Q3. I said on the last call and subsequent conversations that we would not discount the new Classic II product and we haven't done that and we have no plans to do that. I think going forward, you know, discounting and sale is going to continue to be important to the consumer. So it's something that we have to recognize and be more strategic about, but I see us doing that through more seasonal interpretations of the classic and fashion, but gold really is to continue to protect that full price Classic business, and offer value to the consumer through some of the seasonal product.
Mitch Kummetz: Got it. Okay. Great. Thanks guys. Good luck.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I’ll turn the call back over to management for the closing remarks.
Dave Powers: Thanks, everybody. Before we conclude the call today, we’d like to once again reiterate our commitment to increasing profitability and delivering greater shareholder value. I believe we’re on the right track and with the major issue that we have in place now to achieve these primary goals. Once again, those major issues that were focused on improving product, integrity and distribution the marketplace, attacking our overall cost structure and rightsizing the organization. It’s going take a little bit of time to implement all the initiatives we’re working on. But we are starting to see some of the benefits of our actions in the coming fiscal year. Finally, I wanted to thank all of our employees for the hard work during the quarter. This is a very dynamic time and I'm excited about the progress we are making with all of our brands, as we enter a new chapter for the organization. I would also like to thank our shareholders for their continued support, as we drive for increased value for all of our stakeholders. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, gentlemen. This does conclude our teleconference for today. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your time and participation today.

===== 2017 Q2  (2016-10-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Fasching - Deckers Brands Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp. Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.
Analysts: Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc. Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Corinna Gayle Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co. Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brand Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call. I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Steve Fasching, Vice President, Strategy and Investor Relations.
Steve Fasching - Deckers Brands: Welcome everyone joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance, including our projected net sales, margins, expenses and earnings per share, as well as statements regarding our business transformation plans, product and brand strategies, market opportunities and restructuring plans. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent the company's current expectations and are based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including in the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether to conform such statements to actual results or changes in its expectations or as a result of the availability of new information. With that, I will now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Steve, and good afternoon everyone. For our second fiscal quarter, we delivered earnings per share of $1.21, up 9% over last year and at the high end of our expectations. Revenues were $486 million, which was slightly lower than guidance, primarily due to approximately $6 million in orders delayed in shipping as a result of a new transition to a new European 3PL. We expect these orders will be made up in our third quarter. I am pleased to report that our inventory at the end of September was down 3% compared to last year. As we said, we plan to manage the excess inventory we carried over from last winter by reducing future buys, and packing and holding product and using it to fulfill our orders this season. We delivered on our plan, and going forward we expect to manage inventory in line with sales. Before Tom walks you through our financial performance in more detail, I will provide you with an overview of our brand and omni-channel performance, speak to our plans for the upcoming holiday season, and provide commentary on what continues to be a weak consumer environment. Beginning with our Fashion Lifestyle Group, which includes UGG and Koolaburra. UGG revenue for the quarter was down 2%. However, if you exclude the impact of the 3PL switch, UGG revenue was in line with expectations. The second quarter is primarily a sell-in period, when UGG delivers its initial fall shipments. This year, our fall launch is highlighted by the debut of the brand's Classic II boot, which we are supporting with highly visible digital campaigns to drive brand interest heading into our key selling season. Although it's still early, we are pleased with the consumer response to Classic II and that the transition has proceeded smoothly. We believe there is only a small amount of Classic I left in the marketplace. Additionally, the overall total brand inventory in the wholesale channel is lower year-over-year. Recently, we have seen some diverted Classic product that has shown up at unauthorized retailers. The amount of diverted product is small, and we typically see this happen every year around this time. As we have in the past, we are moving quickly to take appropriate action. Shifting to Koolaburra, this is the first year of selling the brand's new full collection under our ownership. We are now selling at wholesale accounts including Kohl's, Shoe Carnival, DSW, and Amazon, and on the Koolaburra e-commerce site. We view this year as a way to test the market and size the opportunity for Koolaburra. We believe Koolaburra provides a way to reach new consumers through new channels of distribution without harming the premium positioning UGG has established in the marketplace, but it's something we are closely monitoring. Moving to our Performance Lifestyle Group, which includes the HOKA, Teva and Sanuk brands. For the quarter, HOKA sales were up 39%, fueled in part by a successful launch of the Clifton 3, which earned Best Update by Competitor magazine. HOKA continues to be embraced by competitive runners and incredible athletes. In September, HOKA athlete Pete Kostelnick wore the Clifton 3 as he set a new Guinness World Record by running from San Francisco to New York in 42 days. At this year's Iron Man World Championships in Kona, Hawaii, HOKA was the second most worn shoe brand. We are beginning to see the strong word-of-mouth marketing that has fueled HOKA's domestic growth spread outside the U.S., which is timely as we are stepping up our efforts to capitalize on the brand's international prospects. Teva and Sanuk both performed in line with our expectations for the quarter. For Teva, the brand is focused on developing the right product for the modern outdoor consumer. Our recently introduced Arrowood boot has had strong sell-through with retailers like REI and is gaining traction with new retailers. The success of the Arrowood, along with the De La Vina and Foxy boot is demonstrating the brand's opportunity to gain market share in closed toe footwear. For Sanuk, the brand continues to establish itself since transitioning to our corporate headquarters. The new leadership team is now in place, and we have filled key management positions in marketing, product, and sales. Sanuk is looking ahead and is focused on returning to its core product and marketing strength. Turning to our channel performance, beginning with direct-to-consumer, our DTC comp was down 3.2% in the second quarter. Our stores continued to be challenged by weak traffic. That said, we are optimistic we can improve on our recent comp trends during the back half of the year with the addition of new product, including the Classic II; a broader, more developed Classics franchise including Swim, Luxe and Street; increased marketing investments; and a growing trend of consumers buying closer to their wearing occasions. With respect to our retail optimization efforts, during the second quarter, we closed one store, bringing our total store closures this year to seven. We're still targeting to close 21 stores in FY 2017 with the remaining 14 doors set to close in the back half of the year. Meanwhile, the new stores we have opened this year are performing well. All the new concept stores have included our new store design that delivers the ultimate physical brand experience and expresses the brand's philosophy of contemporary California casual. The consumer response has been positive, and we believe our refreshed look helps further elevate the brands with our target audience. The new omni-channel initiative that we recently launched is our UGG Rewards loyalty program. Last year, we had great results with our pilot rewards program in select markets and have now rolled the program out nationally to our DTC channels. We are very excited about how UGG Rewards engages our consumer base and provides us with a way to further build our ecosystem of consumer information. Points are earned through purchases in our DTC channels and through social activity. Points for social activity are limited each quarter, and a purchase is required in our DTC channel in order to redeem a reward. We believe UGG Rewards will help drive improved DTC results by encouraging consumers to make additional purchases, thereby enhancing the lifetime value of our consumers. Now to our global wholesale business. Wholesale and distributor sales were flat for the quarter with domestic sales up 5% and Asia-Pacific up 1%, offset by the decline in EMEA, which was primarily related to the aforementioned transition to a new 3PL. Excluding this temporary disruption, sell-in for the quarter went as planned. As we move into our busiest sell-through period, we continue to be confident that this inner strength of our fall collections and the updates we've made to the iconic Classic franchise. However, as the year has progressed, retailers have become more cautious. The impact from last year's warm winter, combined with the sales compression caused by the buy now, wear now trend has caused retailers to be cautious about committing to future orders. Therefore, we have lowered the top end of our guidance range to reflect what we believe will be a slightly weaker reorder environment. In this challenging revenue environment, we recognize the importance of driving efficiencies, and we are focused on improving our long-term profitability. To this end, we continued to gain more visibility into the opportunities to optimize our allocation of resources in order to execute on the key priorities of the business. These long-term opportunities include improving how we bring product to market, gain better returns on our marketing investments, and drive general SG&A savings. Our organization is committed to improving our strategic execution. As I have stated before, one of my highest priorities is driving efficiencies to streamline the organization and improve operations. As we approach the fall and holiday selling season, the team is prepared and focused, I believe that we have the most compelling product assortment in the history of the UGG brand with a full franchise of Classics, a robust assortment of weather product, great fashion and casual boots, as well as a more versatile slipper offering. While there are challenges in the marketplace, I am confident we will be able to execute on our plans for the season. With that, I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Today I will take you through our second quarter results in greater detail, as well as provide our outlook for the third quarter and for fiscal 2017. Please note throughout this discussion where I refer to non-GAAP financial measures, I am referring to results before taking into account restructuring charges. Also note, our non-GAAP results are not adjusted for constant currency. A reconciliation between our reported GAAP results and the non-GAAP results can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our website under the Investor Information tab. Now to our results for the second quarter, as Dave mentioned, revenue was a $486 million, which was slightly below our projections for the second quarter, primarily due to product in our EMEA region shipping later than expected, which is now figured into our third quarter projection. This delay was caused by a logistical change to a new 3PL partner. While sales were slightly below plan for the quarter, gross margins met our expectation and improved year-over-year. Gross margin for the quarter was 44.5% compared to 44% last year. The improvement versus last year was driven primarily by improved input costs. SG&A dollar spend in the second quarter was $162 million, flat compared to last year. This result for the quarter was better than expected and was primarily the result of lower international costs. For the quarter GAAP earnings per share was $1.21 versus $1.11 a year ago. The year-over-year improvement was driven by lower input costs. Our non-GAAP earnings for the quarter was $1.23, which was ahead of our guidance of $1.12 to $1.22. During the quarter, the company incurred restructuring charges of $0.9 million due to retail store closures and office consolidations. Inventories at the end of Q2 were $578 million, a decrease of 3% over the same period last year. We are pleased with the inventory improvements we have seen in all of our brands. Our inventory was slightly better than our expectations as we effectively managed purchase activity down and fulfilled orders using carryover products. During the second quarter, the company did not repurchase shares, and as of September 30, 2016, the company had $77.9 million remaining under its $200 million stock repurchase program. Now moving to our outlook. For the third quarter, we expect revenue to be in the range of down approximately 2% to flat compared to the same period last year. We expect earnings per share of approximately $4.16 to $4.28 compared to earnings per share of $4.78 last year. Also as a reminder, in Q3 of last year, we reversed expenses related to performance-based compensation of approximately $0.38 per share, which creates an SG&A headwind this year. Additionally, this year we expect a tax rate of approximately 27% versus approximately 22% in Q3 last year. For the full fiscal year, we are lowering the top end of our guidance range. We now expect revenue to be in the range of down 3% to down 1.5% and earnings per share to be in the range of $4.05 to $4.25 on a share count of 32.5 million shares. As a reminder, our earnings-per-share guidance for the third quarter and full year exclude any pre-tax charges that may occur from any further restructuring charges. To give some further color, as we look at the balance of the year, we expect that over 60% of our revenue for the year is still ahead of us. And, as Dave mentioned, retailers have been more cautious this year and are preferring to carry less inventory and instead are relying on an ability to place in-season reorders. Furthermore, since retailers continue to remain cautious, we have updated our thinking about our guidance assumptions. Our outlook now assumes a weaker demand environment for reorders. In regards to our inventory outlook, as previously mentioned, we are pleased with our position entering the third quarter. For the next few quarters, if sales levels are achieved at levels consistent with our guidance, we expect to manage inventory in line with sales. Finally, we continue to see stable prices in the sheepskin market, in part due to the impact that we have made by utilizing UGGpure. We expect our sheepskin costs for fiscal year 2018 will be similar to this year and to not affect our gross margin. This does not constitute our gross margin guidance for next year as our sheepskin costs are only one component of our gross margins. With that, I'll now turn it back to Dave.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks, Tom. Before we turn it over to Q&A, I would like to quickly recap the quarter and provide some thoughts looking forward. Since I have taken over as CEO, I am in the process of looking at the whole organization. I am trying to understand where the opportunities exist and how we can best take advantage of them. While I am pleased with the financial results for this quarter, I understand there is more to do. The company is energized about the upcoming selling season, and we are encouraged by some early indications we are seeing with the Classic II launch. We are stepping up our marketing efforts and incorporating more digital to highlight the features of our new products and better educate consumers on the product offering we have for them. And underlying all this is a drive in the organization to deliver improved operating efficiencies that will lead to long-term value creation. While the current market conditions are challenging, it only reinforces our need and urgency for change. In our supply chain, we are working on initiatives such as automation to improve yields, migrating manufacturing to lower-cost opportunities, reducing SKUs, and reducing product development time. And it doesn't stop with the supply chain. While still early in my assessment, I see additional opportunities across the company and look forward to providing more details on upcoming calls. Now let's open up the call for Q&A. Operator, we are ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Hi, Camilo.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: You mentioned something at the start of the call regarding non-approved sites that are selling inline product. I wondered if you could peel a little bit more color as to why that that's seen important to control there, and if you see that impacting your full price business?
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. Happy to comment on that. I think before I jump into that, it's important to note that from our perspective the only thing that's really changed with regards to our current business and guidance is that we're anticipating our retailers are going to be a little bit more cautious with regards to inventory levels and reorders. So hence, the tightening of our guidance of our range and there is no change in the low end of our guidance. Q2 came in as expected except for the one issue we had in Europe with the 3PL and DTC is tracking as planned. So now, we certainly didn't plan for new product introductions ending up on Costco and Rue La La, but it's something that happens to us every year to some extent. We don't think it's cause for major concern, and we're not seeing a negative impact on the sales of our Classics II as a result. The reason being that the amount of inventory in those channels is generally, and our best belief is that it's less than 1% of the total units we sell in the quarter. So you're talking about a very small amount of inventory on two discount websites, and we believe the average consumer has no idea that they're really there, especially when they're looking for a brand new product launch and want the product from a trusted source. So to address the specifics of your question, here's what we can say. This type of activity typically happens every year and the volume that we're seeing is consistent with what we normally see. We believe that this represents less than 1% of the total unit volume we sell in the quarter and even less in the back half of the year. You're talking about maybe 50,000 units on an annual volume for the UGG brand of 18 million units. So it's a really small number. However, it's sensitive due to the launch of the Classic II this year, and so we're taking it very seriously. Based on our investigations, we believe the diverted product came from two to three sources. One is a small European distributor, and the second is one to two rogue North American independents that we think saw an opportunity to flip the inventory for a quick buck early in the season. So we've identified the sources, and we're taking aggressive action legally, like we do every year. And so we're going after those, and that's part of the plan right now. At the same time, we're working closely with our key accounts to ensure they understand the context of the situation, and so that doesn't disrupt the marketplace in what is generally a very successful launch for the Classic II. And in fact, their own DTC channel, the Classic II is outperforming the sales of the Classic I this time last year. So I think it's really important to put it all in context. UGG is a global multi-channel business that sells 18 million pairs of shoes a year, and quite frankly, we don't see this small amount of units on these couple websites having a big impact in disrupting our brand.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thank you for that color. It's very helpful. One follow-up. On your guidance expectations and what's framing the December quarter, it makes sense that there is a little bit more caution on the reorder expectation. Does that alter your view on your DTC expectations and if you could just remind us what they are for the December quarter, and are you making any changes to your receipts with the new, more conservative reorder expectation?
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: In terms of our DTC assumptions, really no change there from the original assumptions. In the second quarter, our second quarter DTC business was as expected. So to refresh everybody's memory, on the high end of the guidance for the year where we are now guiding down 1.5%, we expect our DTC comps to be flat, and in the lower guidance we expect our DTC comps to be negative low single-digits.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: And then any change on the inventory expectation because of the softer reorder environment?
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Not at this point in time. We feel good how we've managed inventory to-date. As we noted, not only is UGG down better than we thought, but the other brands are down as well. We're pleased with that. The only inventory that's up at the end of the quarter is HOKA, and we're driving a lot of growth.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. With HOKA, you know.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: HOKA is expected to grow roughly 30% in the fourth quarter, so we're really pleased about that. In terms of inventory for the balance of the year, in terms of the UGG inventory, we're really pleased as well there, how we're continuing to monitor that flow of inventory and how we're going to be able to work with that.
Steve Fasching - Deckers Brands: Yeah, Camilo. This is Steve. Just on that, I think on the inventory, because I know there has been a number of question related to inventory. So pretty much, we delivered the quarter like we said we would. We said we had some carryover inventory. We were going to take care of it by the end of the quarter. We showed that. And really going forward, we're going to continue to manage that inventory in line with sales, which is what we've said and kind of said all along.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: And I would also add, I think you are starting to see the positive impact of our integrated planning function that was a result of our DC investment and our ability to better manage inventories over the season and particularly in season and make those adjustments as needed.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. And just my final question. We're still not yet in November, and it seems like the cold weather has started to arrive. Have you seen a pickup in your business as a result of that weather now just starting to flow through, and does this alleviate some of the initial jitters that your wholesale partners have been feeling?
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, it's still early in the season, obviously, Camilo. But where we have seen cold weather kick in, we have seen an uptick in the business, which is pretty typical. But it's good to see that impact in the business, and there are signs that that will have a pretty positive impact.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Good luck, guys, with the holiday season.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: All right. Thanks.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Krasik with Buckingham Research Group.
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yes, hey everyone. Thanks and good job getting the inventory down.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks.
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Just couple questions, so first, in terms of actually getting the inventory clean, maybe explain how you did it or whom, through your preferred partners? And then second of all, it has been a few years, obviously, since Classics were selling in the summertime. So maybe just talk about your approach with regards to promotions as we go through the season. Do you think that hurts the brand if they are on sale? What you expect out of your retail partners versus what you do in DTC as well? Thanks.
Steve Fasching - Deckers Brands: Yes, Scott. This is Steve. I will start with the inventory. So, on the inventory, we've said on the last two earnings call that inventory was up about 26%, and we said the reason that we had the elevated inventory was primarily driven by the warm weather that we encountered last year. And, as a result of that, we were going to pack it away knowing we could resell it because it was really carryover products. So last year, when we elevated our inventory, we talked about how we were going to elevate it, and we were going to be cautious in the inventory that we bought. We bought carryover product and unfortunately really walked into the warmest winter on record in the Northeast and, as a result of that, had some excess inventory. But, fortunately, we had bought that inventory in carryover product. So what we said we would do it was carry that into the fall of this year and reduce the future buys, which typically happen over the summer months. So we were able to reduce the buys of that carryover product, which really allowed us to get inventory back in line. And that's what we've been talking about, really, for the last couple of calls, and that's really what's played out is we --
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So within the in-line channels?
Steve Fasching - Deckers Brands: Sorry?
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: So within the in-line channels, is what you were saying?
Steve Fasching - Deckers Brands: No. So, this is the inventory that we were carrying. We know inventory in the channels is also lower. So not only did this quarter we were really able to bring our inventory in line with our expectation, what we're also seeing out in the channel is reduced inventory this year versus last.
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Good. Okay.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, and so just to answer your second question about promotions, as Steve said, we're heading into the quarter in a pretty clean place, and as we said in the last couple calls, last year the promotions that we had, we really viewed as a one-time event. So there is no plan to be that promotional this year. We understand that we're going to have to take some promotions as we always do every year. That's part of doing business in Q3, and we will not be taking the discount on a Classic -- the core Classic product going forward. We did that last year. The purpose was to clean out and transition the product to the new Classic II. That will remain at full price. We are not taking markdowns on that. That being said, we know we have some markdown volume that we did last year that we need to comp this year in our DTC channels. That's baked into our guidance. And so we see this generally speaking as a pretty normal promotional year, but we're not going to be taking core discounts in that product.
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: That's helpful. Thanks. And then, just if I could just follow-up one last one, any major regional differences on the comps? How is the tourism pressure you've seen in those big markets? Have that – has that abated at all? And then, any change in the trajectory of the dotcom growth?
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: From a regional perspective on the comps for the quarter, Europe was positive. So we're seeing some improvement in Europe, whereas the North America comp and the Asia-Pacific comp were negative in the quarter.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. And just the impact on tourists. What we've said there is; it continues to impact our DTC business, although the impact is being reduced. So, if you look at the impact that it had a year ago to the impact that it had on the last quarter, it's less of an impact. So we are seeing that improve.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: And then really no change in the expectation for the e-commerce business going forward. It seems to be tracking well, and we're still confident that we have a good business model there with good digital capabilities to drive traffic, and so we are staying the course on e-commerce.
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Great. Good luck. Thanks so much.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thank you.
Steve Fasching - Deckers Brands: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mitch Kummetz with B. Riley.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thank you. So, Tom, I just want to follow-up on Camilo's question earlier about just kind of the parameters in the revised guidance. I know that especially on the wholesale side, I know previously the low end assumed a mid-single-digit decline in wholesale, distributor sales. The high-end was flat. Is the high-end now kind of low single digits?
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: You mean, so Mitch you mean, for the high-end, you mean the wholesale and distributor channel?
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: High-end of the guidance. The high-end of the range of the guidance now previously was flat.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Right. Now we're assuming down 1.5% for the full year. And...
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: No, I am not talking about the overall – maybe – let me rephrase the question. I am speaking to the wholesale business. Previously, the range assumed flat on the high-end, down mid-singles on the low end. I'm just wondering what the new wholesale assumption is.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: So, on the high-end, where it was flat, it's right. The way you are interpreting it is correct, so down low single digits.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then, just in terms of the promotional environment, I know that the prior guide, the low end, again, doesn't sound like you have changed the low end. You were assuming sort of a similar promotional environment to last year. Can you just talk a little bit about the promotional environment? I mean, it seems to me that season to-date, things are worse than they were last year. But, obviously, there is couple of key months to come. I mean, is the assumption that some of that gets better? Because, if it isn't, then it feels like we can almost end up with the worst promotional environment this year than last, which might jeopardize the low end of the guidance, if I'm understanding that correctly.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. So, from our perspective, in our DTC channels, we are not more promotional than last year.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Okay.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: I think, there is a lot of noise around promotional activity because there is some closeout inventory that's out there. That pops up on your phone. It looks like things are worse than they are, but when you actually look at the amount of closeout inventory in the marketplace, it's not that worse than it usually is in the past. Now, that being said, we did allow some key accounts to carry Classic I over this year, so we made some sale of Classic I product to a handful of accounts to sell through. So that's out there. But, generally speaking, it's not a more promotional environment from our perspective than it has been in the past.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Mitch, good point. On the low end of the guidance, we really continue to be highly confident with that. We have the same assumptions on the low-end that we did before. And that's similar weather to last year, so that would be warm weather and a similar promo environment to last year. Although we're seeing similar – a better promo environment, we're assuming as bad a promo environment in the low end of the guidance that we had last year. So, again...
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Got it.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: – some cautious assumptions at the low end, so we feel very comfortable with the low end of the guidance.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Right. And then last question, I know you guys aren't providing Q4 guidance, but we can kind of back into what the assumption there is. And I'm getting something in the range of sort of $0.52 to $0.60 for Q4, which would be a pretty big step up from $0.11 last year. I know at this time last year, I think, you were guiding to something like $0.57, but it ended up being $0.11. So I'm just trying to understand how to think about what your expectations are for the fourth quarter. I know that you were expecting to be a lot better in Q4 last year, I know that didn't happen. I imagine a lot of that had to do with the environment and the weather. But what gives you the confidence in being able to put out that kind of an increase in Q4?
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Mitch, in the fourth quarter, HOKA is a big driver of that. We expect roughly 30% growth in HOKA. We're comfortable with the product, the marketing, the momentum in the marketplace. So that's a big driver, as well as we expect better DTC business in the fourth quarter. One of that reasons is we're -- for most of the fourth quarter, we're still going to have at least 15, 16 stores, more than we did a year ago. So that's going to be very helpful as well.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yes. The point there on the DTC is the announced closures, they will be open for part of Q4, and they will close at the end of the quarter. So year-over-year, we're going to get performance from those stores that will close at the end of the quarter, whereas this year we'll also have the new stores.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: All right. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad with Evercore. Please proceed.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thanks you. Thanks for taking my question. Good afternoon. I wanted to ask my first question around some of the new products this year that I think are pretty interesting, the Classic II.0, the Slim, the Street. I know it's still really early, would love any sort of anecdotal data points or updates around that. A lot of the conversation has been around the core and the Classic and the inventory hangover from last year. But I think there is some pretty interesting stuff coming this year, and I would love an update on how you are feeling about that right now.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. It's a good question. We're feeling pretty good. As we said, the launch of the Classic II has been successful, and the results of that product so far, given the weather challenges, are very good. And in our DTC channels, the Classic II is selling better than the Classic I at this point last year. So that's positive. The Street is doing well also. That was a new addition to the Classics franchise named after a little bit more younger fashion-oriented consumer, especially with the sharper price point. That seems to be doing well. Specific styles like the McKay and the Quincy combat boot in that collection are strong. The Slim hasn't fully kicked in yet, but it does well in places where we see colder weather. So of the three, the Slim is probably the one that needs to kick in a little bit more as we get into the season. It is a little bit higher price point than the Classic, so that could be something to do with it. But generally speaking, between the new Classic, the Street, the Slim, and the Luxe, we're pleased with how the Classics re-launch has gone across those styles. But the real strength is coming out of the Classic II.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Are you finding that you need to do some marketing or branding around that to kind of explain to the customer or explain to the retail points-of-sale the differences in these products and help hold the customer's hand around why these are sensible updates?
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. You know, we've done quite a bit of that. We have toolkits for all of our stores. In e-commerce, we've shared that with our key accounts, well all of our accounts, as to the difference, how to sell the different product. You have to remember, all of these products that I just mentioned have our new outsole, the Treadlite outsole, which has better rebound and underfoot comfort and better traction, and they all have the water-resistant finish. So we are speaking to that in a really powerful way online, in digital media, and on our website. We're educating the consumer in our stores, and we've educated our accounts on how to speak to that as well. But it's something that we are monitoring every day, and we're actually making adjustments on the fly to make sure that we're optimizing that story across those franchise styles.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Got it, got it. And then last question, the new loyalty program around UGG, I think it was early October, would love to get your sense and get a sense for your, like what the impetus behind was that? What do you expect out of that program? Are you getting sign-ups? Is there interest at the customer level? I think it's a little bit different than a traditional loyalty program, but any insight around that would be helpful as well. Thanks.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. It's good question. We're very excited about the program and what it can do to help us engage with our consumer for the short and long term.. And really it allows us to gain more insights to our consumer's shopping behavior and their preferences, and optimize the lifetime value of each of our customers. So we tested this last year in two key markets around this time, had great success. We modeled out the impact of the business in the financial model, got a great response from the consumers that engage into those markets. And so when we launched it out in October in our DTC channels, the percentage of the consumers that are signing up is in line with our plan. And we're excited about the number of consumers we have in building our database of real, rich information that we can begin to cultivate for the long term. It's a little bit different probably than traditional models because one of the objectives of the rewards program is that we leverage our database in those customers to help promote the brand. So the social side of this is pretty exciting for us. You obviously need to make a significant purchase before you get rewards back towards your next purchase. We have a timeline of 90 days to use the rewards, so there is a sense of urgency. And so what you might see as an example is, if a customer earns enough rewards between purchases and social behavior in Q3, they could come back with a 20% – or a $20 reward program to use in Q4 to help drive additional DTC volumes. So that's the premise of it. But beyond the financial part of this is really the intel we get on our consumers for the long term to cultivate that relationship and that lifetime value.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thanks, Dave. Best wishes for holiday.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: You too. Thanks.
Operator: Now our next question is from Corinna Van der Ghinst with Citi.
Corinna Gayle Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi. Thank you. Hi, Dave. Hi, Tom.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Hey, Corinna.
Corinna Gayle Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I was wondering – hey – you guys talked about a more cautious inventory management philosophy from retailers in buying closer to need, which makes a lot of sense. And I know it's still early in the boot selling season, but I was wondering if you could give us some more color on what your guidance kind of assumes for the cadence over the next couple of months based on what you are seeing from your retailer shipments and just weather trends, et cetera?
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, Corinna, similar to prior December quarters, it starts coming in around Black Friday, late November and then early December is when the volume of the business is.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. I mean, it's still early in the season, Corinna. I think we're not seeing any major changes to-date, but there is, through conversation, there is a sense of cautious nature and stance from our retailers. And it really comes down to what they see in their business and how they're managing their open to buy, which is from our perspective, tighter than they usually do. And they're being cautious on when and how many reorders they're placing, hence the adjustments in our guidance.
Corinna Gayle Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. Yeah that's – I was looking to see if there were any changes. And then just in terms of order cancellations or shipments, have you seen any shipments that have been pushed out further than you were previously planning so far this fall, and does your updated guidance incorporate any additional expectation of cancellations just versus your prior guidance?
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: On the guidance, the low end of the guidance assumes net cancellations. So we're taking a real cautious view there, and that's consistent with what the low end of the guidance assumed before as well. And on the high end, we are assuming some, a little bit of a reorder relative to cancellations on the high end.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. And I would say to-date we're not seeing, we haven't had any signals that things are changing or there's any need to push out shipments and deliveries at this point.
Corinna Gayle Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Perfect. Then if I could just sneak in one more question. I don't think you talked too much about the fashion product during the quarter, but our checks indicated that it performed quite well over second quarter. So can you just comment on how that did relative to your expectations? Is that more transitional product that you guys were selling during the quarter, or how would you expect it to kind of perform into the next few quarters?
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. Well, we had a good spring and summer with our fashion product, primarily in the sandal category and sneaker category. And we're seeing – we've seen great success early fall and late-summer in sneakers, which is a big opportunity for us and we're very focused on in Q4. I think the opportunity there next year is to have an even stronger transitional product stance than we have this year. We have focused heavily on the new franchise product, which is more of a cold weather product offering across the Street and the Slim, et cetera. But the opportunity is, in spring/summer sandals, in a major way and then really getting up to the sneaker opportunity, and then more of a transitional boot opportunity, which we're going to be launching in spring and building on for next late Q2.
Corinna Gayle Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks.
Thomas A. George - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. A question, Dave, for you. When do you anticipate the Classic I to truly be out of the market? I guess, the reason I ask, it seems like even on your own website, I am seeing examples of the Classic I Bailey Button being on discount next to full price Classic II Bailey Button. So, I just am curious when we'd start to see that clean up a little bit.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. A couple things to comment on that. If you go on our website right now, you see the Classic I and the Classic II. And the reason we did that is we saw a lot of people coming into the website, still looking for the Classic I. And so we made a decision after some testing to put the Classic I up as a way to compare it to the Classic II to better educate the consumer on the difference between the two, why the price point differences. And what we're seeing is a pickup in both Classic II and Classic I sales on the website. And in fact, when you show them side by side like that, generally speaking, the consumer opt to the Classic II, and that's where we're seeing the pickup in sales. So that's very encouraging. As we said before, we're going to maintain some inventory to fuel our outlet business over the next 12 months or so. And, at this point, that's still the plan to do that.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. That's helpful. And then, just a clarification I think you said earlier, if you look at Classic II this time versus Classic I this time last year, you've seen a pickup and the businesses are performing better. Is that on a unit basis, or is that total sales volumes, just within the price differential right now?
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Both. Yeah.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: And that's just in our DTC channels. That comment was particular to our DTC channels. So, we have pure visibility.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Got it. Okay. And then just last question...
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: But it is encouraging it is $5 more than the Classic last year, too.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Right. So you are seeing the unit. Okay. And then, on Amazon, I think last quarter you talked a little bit more about kind of pursuing opportunities with your relationship with Amazon for the UGG brand. Where are you guys at now with that – with those conversations?
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. We're still in conversations with Amazon. They were here this week, and we're in ongoing discussions with them about the best way to partner with them for all of our brands going forward. So, more to come on that, but just know that we're still in discussions and I'm pleased with how they're going.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co.: Okay. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our last question comes from Randy Konik with Jefferies.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks a lot. I guess, a question for Dave. I want to ask more about like long-term thinking around how you're going to think about distribution and supply chain. So I guess the theme that we're hearing from you and hearing from many is the idea that the department stores or the wholesale customers are – they are not buying deep. They want to place reorders and in some respects of other brands, they don't want to buy wide in terms of an assortment. They want to stick with what they know can work. How do you think about how the supply chain needs to kind of morph? I mean, in athletic, we're starting to see more companies kind of move to a little bit more localized production and items of that nature. So I'm just trying to get some perspective on how you think about the next five years from now or the next few years, how do we think about managing the SKU count beyond the Classic and then how to manage where everything sits in the supply chain? Thanks.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah, it's a great question. I think, the key there – the first thing I would say is that it is our obligation to work closer with those key accounts and be more strategic in how we partner with them. And we're starting to do that with the new management we have in place. We're spending more time with those key accounts. We're putting strategic account plans in place that are very robust and understanding the needs of their business better. They used to be somewhat simple where we had these key item styles that would do so much volume for them and it was very predictable. That environment is less predictable now, so it requires more work on our end to partner with the accounts and make sure that we are giving them fresh, exciting product that's right for their consumer base on a more timely manner. And the other part on our end that we need to do is shorten our lead-time to product to market, so being more relevant from a style perspective, so developing product faster to market. And we're going through exercises right now and reducing our lead-time quite substantially to be able to do that and being able to react to the business better with our supply chain. The last thing I think we need to do is make sure that we have more frequent drops of products, so that we have more opportunity for reorders in the season at the same time. With regards to SKU count, one of the initiatives we have across the country is optimizing SKU count, reducing SKU count, improving SKU count productivity. That being said, we also need some flexibility in there to be able to provide special product make-ups for key accounts in our DTC channel, so we can be more competitive and react to the business faster. So it's a challenge. It's a challenge for everybody. I know you're hearing this from many companies right now. Our stance is to stay aggressive, be more agile and be more urgent and fast with how we go after new product opportunities and partner with those accounts.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC: That's really helpful. I guess my last question is, the HOKA business you said, I think, grew up 40% or something like that or 39%. Obviously, it's getting to a place where it's getting – it's going to start getting sizable. So maybe you could give us some perspective on how you think about framing out that opportunity in terms of maybe giving us some perspective on other brands or the size of the market that these sneakers or shoes can kind of get into from a door count perspective. I'm just trying to get some color out there, so if we can think about potentially obviously valuing that part of the business – just want to get some perspective on how big that business maybe? Thanks.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah. We're extremely excited about the momentum that the HOKA brand has. I was recently at the Iron Man World Championship and we're just blown away by the amount of athletes and just general public that were wearing the HOKA brand. We continue to see momentum with that brand both in domestic accounts but also in our European accounts and activating business in Asia. And for us, it's really kind of supercharging investments in HOKA both domestically and internationally. So we've talked about trying to free up some savings in SG&A across the organization. We are focused on that. But one of the reasons we want to do that is to allow us to invest deeper and put the pedal to the metal on the HOKA brand. That requires more marketing investment in North America, so we can create a higher awareness, which will allow us to get into bigger distribution beyond specialty running, which we ultimately want to do, and then really get more boots on the ground, so to speak, in Europe in key markets such as Germany, France and UK. And then activate the business in Japan and China where we know there is opportunity there in a major way. But it's just a matter of really getting people on the ground in those markets to activate with the right partners. So you are going to start hearing more about HOKA. I think you are seeing the impact it is starting to have on our business. Q4 is heavily impacted by HOKA becoming a more significant piece of our business, helping to balance out seasonality for us, and we think this brand has a lot of upside. It could be the size of Brooks in the next three to five years.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC: Can I just call up on that just one last thing so I know we have to go here. You know, it sounded like you just said – extend distribution beyond premium specialty. So I get what that means, but in terms of thinking about SKU expansion, is there a place in the assortment where you think about a little bit more of an attainable price point for more of not just a premium marathon or Ironman runner, but the more of a casual runner that can look at something at a price point in the high-end ASICs or something like that. I'm just trying to get a sense of how you think about product, obviously on the premium positioning, where do you think about potential expanding SKU counts to expand potential addressable market in that regard?
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yes. I know Wendy and the teams are looking at that on a constant basis. As we expand the SKU offering, we are looking at additional categories. So, in the spring, we are getting into the dynamic stability category, which we haven't done before, which is the biggest category in running. We are getting into slides so after sports slides, and we are well aware that the average price points are running are below – the running business is below where we trade generally around $130 to $160. So we are contemplating the right way to do that. We do think there is something to be said about our premium positioning, but we know that as you go beyond core running, you're going to have to be competitive out in the marketplace. And that's something that's true both in North America and Europe. And so, at this point, it's too early to say exactly what the plan is there, but it is contemplated in the long-range plan.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC: Very helpful. Thank you.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Yeah.
Operator: I would now like to turn the floor back over to Dave Powers for closing comments.
Dave Powers - Deckers Outdoor Corp.: Great. Thanks, again, everyone, for joining us today. I also want to thank all of our employees for their hard work in preparing us for our key selling season. I am excited about the progress we are making with all of our brands. As we enter into the busiest part of the year, the UGG brand is top of mind, and I appreciate the energy and the dedication to get us to this point throughout the season. I would also like to thank our shareholders for their continued support as we drive for increased value for all of our stakeholders. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you all for your participation.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-07-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Fasching - VP, Strategy and IR Dave Powers - President and CEO Tom George - CFO
Analysts: Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity Erik Tracy - Brean Capital Randy Konik - Jefferies Warren Cheng - Evercore ISI Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray Corinna Van Der Ghinst - Citi Research Jay Sole - Morgan Stanley Molly Iarocci - Stifel Sara Shuler - Credit Suisse
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Deckers Brands First Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Steve Fasching, Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations. Thank you. And you may now begin.
Steve Fasching: Welcome everyone joining us today. On the call is Dave Powers, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin I would like to remind everyone of the Company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on the call today other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance including our projected net sales, margins, expenses and earnings per share as well as statements regarding our business transformation plans, product and brand strategies, market opportunities and restructuring plans. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent the company's current expectations and are based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed or implied by forward-looking statements. The Company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings including the risk factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the Company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in its expectations or as a result of the availability of new information. With that I will now turn it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks, Steve, and good afternoon, everyone. Fiscal 2017 got off to a solid start, driven by a combination of better full price selling and a shift into some expenses to later in the year. First quarter revenue was $174 million and diluted loss per share was $1.84. Before Tom walks you through more details of our financial performance I will provide an overview of our brand and omni-channel performance and reiterate with more detail the four priorities for the organization that I laid out on our last earnings call. Beginning with our fashion and lifestyle group, which includes the UGG and Koolaburra brand. As we expected UGG revenue was down in the first quarter compared to last year due to a difference in the timing of orders as we shifted orders in advance of our business transformation systems implementation, which benefited Q4 and negatively impacted Q1. The first quarter was highlighted by strong demand for the brands' spring and summer collections, especially the sandal category, which grew 70% compared to last year. The performance of seasonal product helped propel UGG into the top 10 selling spring and summer footwear brands for many key accounts for the first time ever. We are building on this momentum with expanded collections and based on initial conversations with wholesalers we feel confident about the brand's prospect for continued growth next spring. At the same time the UGG team is beginning to execute its plans for this fall and holiday. The main focus is on the launch of the Classics franchise, which showcases the wide consumer appeal and diverse assortment that includes that new classic, classic slim, luxe, classic cuff and classic street. The new classic is now available on our eCommerce site and is just starting to hit shelves in our concept stores and across wholesale. The marketing collateral for the new classic showcases the added features and benefits such as the water and stain resistant treatment and the improved comfort and traction delivered by our TreadLite outsole. We are pleased with the reads from our initial launch and are excited as we prepare for this key selling season when the bulk of the marketing and PR will hit to drive brand heat at the most important time of the year. On the men's side, we are providing more marketing support for our slipper and casual business to grow awareness and drive relevancy for our men's offering. This fall the brand has a new message for men, as we invite our male consumer to take a break from their busy lives and to do nothing. The campaign is a humorous take on the downtime men enjoy while wearing our slippers and loungewear. The Do Nothing campaign will feature Tom Brady and other well-known individuals. And it will be supported with a video campaign that we believe will resonate with a wider audience and bring new consumers to the brand. Shifting to Koolaburra, this fall we are launching Koolaburra by UGG with 12 styles at price points ranging from $39 to $90. The brand will be available at select retailers such as Kohl's and Shoe Carnival as well as directly at Koolaburra.com. We are excited to see how consumers react to the product which will help us assess the long-term market opportunity for this brand. Moving to our performance lifestyle group, which includes the HOKA, Teva and Sanuk brands. HOKA ONE ONE sales were up 2% compared to double-digit growth the last several quarters. The slower growth in Q1 was expected as we launched the newest iteration of the Clifton, the brand's top-selling shoe in July versus June last year. The early results for the Clifton 3 are surpassing the Clifton 2, a great sign for health of this burgeoning franchise. And last quarter we spoke to you about the recent launch of a new style, the Clayton. We are pleased to report that the Clayton was named Editor's Choice from Runner's World. The success of our recent launches gives us added confidence in our product pipeline and our ability to further grow market share in the run specialty channel. HOKA will be well represented at several upcoming events including the Olympics in Rio, where two athletes will be wearing HOKA and the Kona Ironman US Championships where the brand will have a major presence as the official sponsor. Now to Teva. First quarter sales decreased 7 million or 17% compared to the same period last year. The decline was due to challenges with booking closeout sales caused by our business transformation implementation and also marketplace challenges from higher footwear inventories in the channel which impacted the spring re-order business. While sales were down they were better than expected. Teva continues to see a lift across its sport sandal category and generate significant organic PR. The brand is leveraging its high-profile collaborations while focusing on infusing performance and design elements that will boost ASPs. For example, this past season the brand collaborated with Derek Lam on a sandal that retailed for $85. The collaboration was featured in Athleta and was their number one selling product across all categories in May and June. Looking ahead, we believe there is opportunity in closed-toe footwear and we are very excited about the launch of the Arrowood collection of sneaker boots available in retailers such as Dillard's and Zappos and on Teva.com. Onto Sanuk sales were down 7 million or 20% compared to the same period last year. This was in line with our expectations as the brand is experiencing similar challenges as noted with Teva. We are seeing continued success with the yoga sling collection which included new higher priced premium styles this season as well as the great response to men's casual styles. We have completed the transition of the brand to our corporate headquarters and have brought in Magnus Wedhammar as the General Manager of the brand. Magnus is an industry veteran with experience at Sperry, Converse and Nike. We look forward to Magnus's impact on repositioning the brand and developing new product and marketing to reignite sales. Turning now to our channel performance, beginning with direct-to-consumer. Our DTC was down 7.3% in the first quarter, or $3.8 million. The decline in our DTC comp was due primarily to negative store comps and to a lesser extent the impact of the implementation from our new ERP system, which disrupted our eCommerce fulfillment during the first two weeks of the quarter. In addition, like the majority of the retail industry, our brick-and-mortar locations continue to be challenged by weak traffic, especially in the U.S. Our continued promotion of classics to make way for the new classic pressured top line and contributed to the negative comp. With respect to our retail optimization efforts, during the first quarter we closed six of the approximately 21 stores targeted for closure during fiscal 2017. As we indicated on our last call, the majority of the closures are scheduled for after our key selling season. Now to our global wholesale business. Wholesale and distributor sales declined 37 million, or down 24%. As I mentioned earlier, the wholesale sales decline is not indicative of the underlying business, but was impacted by timing dynamics related to our business transformation implementation. I am encouraged by the changes that are being made under Stefano Caroti's leadership and are more optimistic about our growth opportunities in the wholesale channel. As we continue to develop our distribution, we have brought in Tracy Paoletti as VP of UGG Sales. Tracy joins Deckers from ASICS, where she has a strong track record in managing marketplace transformations and creating strategic long-term customer partnerships to grow the business. I would now like to restate and expand on the four strategic priorities that laid out last quarter. Our first priority is on product, with a focus on elevating product design, fueling innovation and increasing our speed to market. To compete in today's marketplace and satisfy our consumers, we must move faster and provide new and innovative product more frequently. In order to do this, we are improving our go-to-market discipline to enhance SKU productivity and reduce our overall product development calendar. In addition, each season will feature big launches that bring new and exciting product to market, while also testing product for the future and reacting in-season. We have leveraged what we learned from the successful launch of Classic Slim in our Rain collection last year. A year ago we tested both of these in our DTC channel, saw that these products resonated with consumers and these styles have now become top sellers into our wholesale accounts for this fall. For this year, we are testing the market with meaningful launches like the Classic Street, Classic Cuff and the Teva Arrowood collection with the goal of building on these for next year. Second, connecting with consumers digitally through targeted marketing and robust eCommerce. A strong digital presence is key to creating brand heat and driving sales. We have shifted the vast majority of our marketing dollars to digital and are using enhanced analytics to target and reach consumers effectively. In addition, we are focused on developing compelling digital marketing campaigns that create brand relevance and create engagement through interactive consumer experiences. This fall, we will roll out two major digital video campaigns, one featuring Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and another featuring Tom Brady. We are very excited about our plans to use these key influencers to elevate the brand and create engaging content. Third, we must drive growth by optimizing our Omni-Channel distribution globally. We need to ensure that we are reaching new consumers through the right channels and distribution and existing consumers in the channels where they shop the most. To do this, we are segmenting our product line and wholesale accounts and working with wholesalers to develop product that appeals to the taste of their consumers. Our product developers are working on segmentation now, and we will begin to see the benefits next spring with a more complete rollout by fall of next year. Fourth and finally, driving efficiencies to streamline the organization and improve operations. We have completed our major investments in Omni-Channel, new talent and upgraded systems and are now fine tuning our business. As an organization, we are focused on our commitment to improving profitability over the long-term and investing in the areas of the business that offer the greatest returns. Executing on these four priorities will take time, and as I have said before this is a transition year. But I feel very good about the speed and energy with which the organization and our management team are tackling them. With that I will now turn the call over to Tom.
Tom George: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Today I will take you through our first quarter results in greater detail, provide an outlook for the second quarter and discuss our fiscal 2017 guidance. Please note throughout this discussion when I refer to non-GAAP financial measures I am referring to results before taking into account restructuring charges incurred in the first quarter. Also note our non-GAAP results are not adjusted for constant currency. A reconciliation between our reported GAAP results and the non-GAAP results can be found in our earnings release that is posted on our website under the investor information tab. Now to our results for the first quarter. As we mentioned on our previous earnings call, we expected revenue to be down in the quarter compared to last year as a result of a timing shift this year with some sales recorded in Q4 of last year due to our ERP implementation. We also had some orders shift into Q2 this year, in line with the new product launches occurring in Q2 and further pressure on our DTC retail sales. With that I am pleased to say our revenue in the quarter exceeded guidance by nearly $5 million. This upside versus guidance was driven by more regular sales and fewer closeout sales in the quarter than expected. The lower mix of closeout sales also contributed to a slightly better than expected gross margin for the quarter. Gross margin was 43.7% in the first quarter compared to 40.5% last year. The overall improvement in gross margin versus last year was driven by the previously mentioned lower proportion of closeout sales, a higher proportion of sales from DTC and improved international margins. SG&A dollar spend in the first quarter was $155 million, up 4 million compared to last year due to higher fixed cost from additional retail stores and higher depreciation related to our ERP implementation. This result for the quarter was better than expected and was primarily the result of a delay in marketing spend which is now planned to occur later in the third quarter. For the quarter, GAAP loss per share was $1.84 versus a loss per share of $1.43 a year ago. Our non-GAAP loss for the quarter was $1.80 which was ahead of our guidance of a loss of $2.10 to $2.20 and was primarily due to higher than expected revenue, improved gross margins and the timing of certain expenses. During the quarter, the company incurred restructuring charges of 1.7 million due to retail store closures and office consolidations. Inventories at the end of Q1 were 469 million, an increase of 26% over the same period last year. This was in line with our expectations. As a reminder, our inventories are elevated relative to last year due to lower sales recorded in the third quarter of last year. The majority of this elevated inventory consists of UGG weather styles, slippers and casual boots that are being carried over into the fall 2016 line. We have reduced future buys of this product and still expect to manage our inventory down to more appropriate levels by the end of our second fiscal quarter. During the first quarter the company did not repurchase shares. And as of June 30, 2016 the company had $77.9 million remaining under its $200 million stock repurchase program. Now moving to our outlook. For the second quarter on a reported basis we expect revenue to be up between 1% and 3% compared with the same period last year. We expect earnings per share of approximately $1.12 to $1.22 compared to earnings per share of $1.11 last year. For the full fiscal year, we are reaffirming the guidance we outlined on the last call. We still expect earnings per share to be in the range of $4.05 to $4.40 on a share count of 32.5 million shares. This excludes any pre-tax charges that may occur from any further restructuring charges which we anticipate could be up to $15 million in fiscal year 2017. As we look at the balance of the year it is still early and the improved Q1 performance is mainly due to timing. The better than expected sales and gross margin in the quarter was relatively small and expected to offset in Q3. And as we stated earlier, we also plan to shift marketing expenses to Q3, our largest revenue quarter. Also as a reminder in Q3 of last year we reversed expenses related to performance-based compensation, which creates an SG&A headwind in the quarter compared to last year. Based on this, we expect roughly 90% of our back-half profit to occur in Q3. And with that I will turn it over to Dave for his closing remarks.
Dave Powers: Thank you, Tom. And thanks again to everyone for joining us today. I'm excited about our plan for the year, and while there are challenges in the marketplace I am optimistic about our ability to achieve the sales and profitability targets that we have established. As I look long term I am confident in the direction of our brands and how the teams are working together to get after the opportunities in front of us. I would like to end by thanking our employees. Our company has undergone a great deal of change within the last year. From new leaders to new systems and processes, our employees have embraced each change and have shown remarkable adaptability. Thank you all for your hard work and dedication. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Camilo Lyon: Thanks guys. Good afternoon. Nice job on the quarter. I guess first just from a modeling perspective. Tom, just what was the marketing shift out of this quarter that is expected to hit Q3?
Tom George: It's about $5 million to $6 million.
Camilo Lyon: Great.
Dave Powers: Yes, Camilo, this is David, it is a combination of creative spend and consumer facing spend. 
Camilo Lyon: Got it, got it. And then just if we could step back a little bit and talk about channel inventory, how you feel about it now with respect to the Classic 1.0. Know that by this time you would have hoped to have cleared it out of your wholesale channel, partners channel inventory. Could you just update us on where that is, is it still being sold through your outlets, how that inventory is flowing through? And then any sort of insight you could provide beside the fact there has only been a couple of weeks in market, any sort of read on how the 2.0 is faring with customers?
Dave Powers: Yes, we feel good about the amount of Classic 1 that is out in the channel. We have worked hard over the last few months with our major accounts to take back the inventory and clean up the channel. And so it's the amount of Classics across the marketplace in the channel right now is in line with our expectations and that has gone very well. The goal here is to make sure that the Classic 2 launch is a success. And so the primary channels of distribution for us will be clean of the old Classic as we showcase the new Classic coming in. And that transition has gone very well. So far the initial response from the press has been very positive. So PR for the launch of the new Classic has been extremely positive. People are speaking in a positive way about the new benefits. Initial feedback from the consumers, although we haven't had a lot of sales just yet, it is just hitting stores, has been positive as well and initial sales on our website and in our stores has been in line with our expectation. So we're off to a good start. It's early, obviously, in July to be doing this the real launch comes to fruition end of August, beginning of September with a major marketing launch at the same time. But initial reads for the product hitting the market and the transition itself are going well.
Camilo Lyon: Great. And then if we could just – could you talk about any sort of reads that you might be getting with your wholesale partners and how demand for the category and for UGG is shaping up? We are a couple of weeks into the Nordstrom Anniversary Sale and that typically serves as a decent indicator for just the category. In light of last year's promotional activity that may have pulled forward some demand. So any sort of feedback that you are getting you could share would be helpful.
Dave Powers: Yes, the real initial read is really on the Nordstrom's Anniversary Sale. And the brand has performed very well this year in the Anniversary Sale and it gives us confidence that we're going to be set up for a solid back half of the year.
Camilo Lyon: Great to hear. Last thing is to have any sort of comments you can share with us on the U.K. business given what has gone on there and if that has been impacting retail and consumer demand and sentiment?
Dave Powers: Yes, it's still early to read any impact from Brexit but initially we've seen a pickup in tourist traffic but we're still cautious about the overall the local consumer. And I think our guidance reflects that in the back half of the year. So no change there at this point, things are on track as we expected but still early in the whole process.
Camilo Lyon: Got it. Thank you very much. All of the best, guys.
Operator: The next question is from the line of Erik Tracy with Brean Capital. Please go ahead with your questions.
Erik Tracy: If I could, Dave, maybe speak to, I know 1Q is not a great proxy but some of the differences retail versus wholesale and then stepping back bigger picture in terms of what you are seeing and any changes to the strategy around DTC in the stores specifically and how you are consistently thinking about the Omni-Channel strategy and approach and ways that you can continue to further connect to the consumer beyond just that brick-and-mortar format?
Dave Powers: Yes. For the quarter sales are in line with our expectations. Retail stores themselves were a little softer than planned. But as we said on the call a large part of that is really driven by the fact that the Classic is transitioning out. We have some like-for-like styles like the Bailey Bow and Bailey Button that were there last year that aren't in the stores this year. So those are big styles to comp. So, not too surprised there. Wholesale sales are in line with expectations. So, as you said, it's a small quarter, the numbers aren't really meaningful, but the trends are consistent with our expectations. Overall for retail, we're still maintaining a cautious stance. We have some openings this year that were part of the pipeline that positioned our fleet globally in a good place, particularly our concept stores. And I think this will round out the opening of the concept stores for a wild. Looking forward, we're still taking a cautious stance. But we're taking a hard look at additional opportunities in pop-up stores and partner stores. We will have a continued success there. We're going to be opening roughly about 15 new partner stores, primarily in China, this year. And initial reads on those are going well. So, the good news is that the investments that we've made in our Omni-Channel infrastructure allow us to be very flexible where we invest and where we drive the consumer. And the investments we've made in digital marketing and analytics and connecting with our consumer are allowing us to help drive that traffic where we need to. But I'm very pleased with the work that the team has done around digital marketing, being able to target and segment our consumers, engaging with them in two-way conversations online and through our websites. And I think that's something that you're going to see continued improvement on going forward. So, I guess overall just to say that we're pleased with how things are going, cautious on outlook – sorry, new store openings, and then continuing to focus on digital marketing and connecting with our consumer.
Erik Tracy: Yes. And then the follow on that in terms of the product segmentation strategy that's getting employed here, start to see I guess signs of it in spring, more fully next fall.
Dave Powers: Yes.
Erik Tracy: So, maybe just kind of walk through how that should play out both through the UGG brand, obviously layering in Koolaburra as well and a very different distribution. But maybe just in particular on the UGG brand how we think about that product segmentation?
Dave Powers: Yes. So that initial work is going well. Stefano, as you know, has been focused on that in his last five or six months here. That will primarily impact spring and fall 2017 when the product teams can align to the segmentation approach. But the goal remains the same of segmenting the market place by channel and consumer, creating product specifically to those channels and consumers, which should create additional opportunities for the brand both from a type of distribution whether it is fashion or sports, lifestyle distribution or outdoor, but also in a good, better, best approach. And the main focus there is continuing to elevate the brand, elevate the positioning, and the presentation of the brand. Part of that has led to some closures of some of our accounts because we have increased our minimums to be able to enter into the brand. But I think that is all healthy move into the long-term goal of elevating all of our brands, primarily UGG, continuing to elevate that distribution and segmenting to grow.
Erik Tracy: And then my last one if I could, just in terms of the inventory positioning. I appreciate the color on the Classics as well as the carryover. If the season does come together, how are you all thinking about that carryover and the ability to sort of chase if we do somehow, someway, this lending to get an earlier quarter winner versus just wanting to kind of clear through aggressively ahead of that potential?
Dave Powers: Yes, we are managing the inventories as we said through Q2 to be in a better position going into Q3. Much of that inventory as we have said is carryover from last fall and holiday, but it's good first price merchandise. And so we will have the ability to react with some of that product if we see it trending early and also at once. But as we have done in the past we are taking a position on a few key styles to provide some upside opportunity in-season. Not to the extent we have had in the past because we are still taking a cautious look, stance on the season. But we do have at-once opportunity.
Tom George: Just to comment, Eric, I mean we do have some at-once opportunity but not a lot of at-once opportunity because we are at the same time we are trying to manage our inventories.
Erik Tracy: Fair enough, guys. Thanks so much, best of luck.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Randy Konik with Jefferies. Please proceed with your questions.
Randy Konik: Quick question, I guess, Tom, can you first when you gave the -- when we got the commentary on the gross margin upside, I guess, we saw, you mentioned lower close outs, international profitability or something to that fact and something else I believe. Could we just parse the exact contribution of the factors of gross margin improvement? I am just curious there, thanks. That is my first question.
Tom George: Yes, relative to our guidance we guided 40% to 41% and we came in at 43.7%. Roughly half of the improvement was related to channel mix, some better gross margins internationally and actually some better full-price margins domestically, as well. And it was about 50 basis points of lift relative to our guidance for foreign exchange. And then the balance is about 80 to 90 basis points of improvement relative to the change in closeouts. So does that help?
Randy Konik: Yes, it is very helpful. And then just on that commentary to follow up on the closeouts, versus what you thought would be the closeout trend versus what actually happened, just a little more color around how that all played out would be very helpful. 
Tom George: Yes, for the quarter we were down a little bit relative to what we guided for closeouts and we guided an amount really equal to last year. So and this quarter is a relatively small amount. So closeout miss was only about $6 million, a small number. We were able to more than offset that with improved full-price selling including improved direct-to-consumer business. And from a full-year perspective we are still reiterating that we feel good about our full-year promotion and closeout mix and our assumptions remain the same as our prior guidance there.
Randy Konik: Got it, that's very helpful. And then when you gave us the initial annual outlook, or fiscal outlook, and then we got the reiteration today, if you go back a quarter ago you gave us some assumption of what expectation was for cancellation rate and I guess weather pattern per se. Can you give us, just remind us of what you would expect from a cancellation rate and a weather pattern rate -- weather pattern net annual and that fiscal outlook? Thanks.
Tom George: Well, for the high guidance case we have assumed a modest improvement weather conditions relative to what we experienced this past third quarter. And from a cancellation point of view -- 
Steve Fasching: Yes, so Randy…
Tom George: Go ahead, Steve.
Steve Fasching: Yes, from a cancellation on a kind of wholesale distributor what we have said is on the low kind of equivalent to last year to a slight improvement on the high. As Tom mentioned on the low similar weather pattern to a slight improvement on weather, and then on a DTC basis kind of a flat to low single-digit decline on the comp.
Randal Konik: Got it, that's very helpful. And then also if you think about the Classic 2.0 it has got more, I don't want to say, more variability from a Slim to a Luxe to a different, just different items versus the Core in the past, that's Classic 1.0 I guess you would say. Are you encouraging your wholesale customers to order a certain way of that line or how should we be thinking about how they are trying to buy the line for holiday 2016? 
Dave Powers: Yes we are, actually. What we have done is we have taken the learnings from our DTC channels last Q3 and applied those learnings from a mix of selling to our wholesale accounts depending on the positioning of the account whether they are a premium wholesale account or not. But essentially we are asking everybody to diversify their line and the net result of that is if the Core Classic item, the Classic Slim – I'm sorry, the Classic Short, Mini and Tall represent 20% of the overall business this year which is down from roughly 25% to 30% last year. And the rest of that will be made up from that new styles in the franchise. So the goal there is maintain the strength of that core business through the new iteration, the Classic 2, but be able to appeal to a broader consumer base and a much more exciting presentation at retailers through the franchise launch.
Randal Konik: Got it. My last question is, I apologize because there is a lot of nice healthy items here that you guys are experiencing. And it would be – my last question would be the Koolaburra test, I guess you would call it, with Kohl's, and I think you said Shoe Carnival. How wide was the testing with Kohl's? And then if it proved successful I am assuming you I guess analyze the holiday sell-throughs and what have you around that test. How should we be thinking about the longer-term opportunity for this sub-brand or brand? 
Dave Powers: Yes, so as we said we have an official launch this fall. It is a pilot launch and we are going in with a relative conservative approach because we want to make sure we have a high degree of sell-through. We have a -- it is not all stores in some of these retailers that we mentioned but it is a good healthy mix, over a couple hundred stores in Kohl's, for example. And we have inventory to chase in-season. So we wanted to go out with a powerful presentation, we are going to have strong marketing in-store and POS to highlight the launch and we are excited about that. But we had inventory to chase into the business in-season and going into spring. The way to think about it is this is a pilot season. We want it to be successful, high sell-through rates and create some demand and excitement and then we will reevaluate going into next year. But assuming that goes well then we are going to be hitting the ground hard with trying to activate that growth quickly.
Randal Konik: You've been extremely helpful. Thank you. 
Steve Fasching: Yes, Randy, just to add on that we are kind of thinking of it is still in small dollars. So in our guidance it is $10 million to $15 million revenue opportunity. 
Randal Konik: No, I get it. I am just getting a proof point that how you think about it and the longer-term opportunity. That is all. Thanks a lot.
Operator: The next question is from Omar Saad with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead with your question.
Warren Cheng: Hi. Good afternoon. This is Warren Cheng online for Omar. I just wanted to ask specifically about the outdoor and sports retailer channels or any other distribution channels where you are not heavily penetrated today but you could be down the road. As you have rolled out Classic 2.0, some of these other new products that came out last fall and as you have kind of cleaned up some of your wholesale distribution, better segmented and elevated the brand there, can you just talk about how those retailers are reacting? Have you had any discussions with them ahead of this holiday? I am just trying to get a sense of when they could be a bigger part of the wholesale distribution.
Dave Powers: Yes, we have had initial conversations and we have mentioned opportunities in the outdoor channel and the sports lifestyle channel. Those are not major players for this fall and holiday. It's more looking into next year and fall 2017 when we have time to build specific product. That being said, there are a few styles, for example in men's winter boot that we have done to enter into the outdoor channel. So that is a test that we will be doing this fall and holiday. But the majority of that segmentation opportunity starts next year.
Warren Cheng: Okay. Great. And my follow-up is I think last quarter you mentioned a couple hundred wholesale accounts that you've exited from the smaller accounts that weren't representing the brands correctly. Can you give a sense for the wholesale account you exited how large are they on a sales run rate basis, on an aggregated sales run rate basis?
Dave Powers: Yes. I can say it's very small. I don't have the specific dollar amount or percentages, but it is very small to the total. And I think it is more about brand presentation in market and controlling our distribution.
Warren Cheng: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from the line of Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead with your question.
Erinn Murphy: Dave, first for you. On the direct-to-consumer comp in the quarter could you just maybe break out for us how that looked outside of the U.S. versus inside the U.S.? And then anything particular on Japan and China and that international commentary would be helpful. And then I guess last on the cadence of the comps throughout the quarter. How did that look when you looked at the months of April, May and June?
Dave Powers: To answer your last question first, April and May were more difficult and then we saw better improvement going into June so much more improvement in comps there.
Tom George: From a regional perspective North America was the worst, mainly driven by some of those retail concept stores and those flagship stores. We still had some challenges there. Europe of the three regions performed the best, although still challenging and then Asia-Pacific was somewhere in the middle there.
Dave Powers: And then with regards to Asia Pacific between China and Japan, China is actually churning very well and we see that through both our own stores and the partner stores, so feeling really good about that opportunity. Japan is a little bit more challenging at the moment. But it is still an important market for us. We have new leadership on the DTC side of the business there that's coming on. And so managing that business and also transitioning some of our wholesale accounts into shop in shops has been positive for us as well. So but the real opportunity short and long term continues to be China.
Erinn Murphy: Okay. That's helpful. And then one of the comments, Dave, you made earlier on in the prepared remarks was just that UGG was within the top 10 selling spring-summer brands for some of your retailers. I would love to just hear a little bit more about how those conversations as you talk about spring 2017 are shaping out. It sounded like you guys were having fairly constructive conversations with the retailers. I know we have heard from other vendors that spring 2017 is looking a little bit cautious thus far. So any kind of context for kind of how you are navigating would be great.
Dave Powers: Yes. That's very exciting for us and I would say it's a major milestone for the brand. To be able to crack the top 10 in some of these key accounts in spring and summer product driven by sandals and sneakers is a big deal for the UGG brand. And so the feedback from the accounts has been that sell-through has been high. They're very pleased with how those categories are performing. And then initial presentations on spring and summer product for spring 2017 has been positive as well. So I feel like we're starting to gain some momentum there. It's still early days, it's still a small amount to the total year. But the product is resonating and I think our continued focus on evolving UGG beyond the winter holiday timeframe and changing people's perception of the brand is starting to pay off.
Erinn Murphy: And then just last, I didn't hear you guys mention on the call the Macy's initiatives you have underway. Can you just remind us where you are at with some of those select doors that you're working with right now?
Dave Powers: Sure. The launch with Macy's at Herald Square will be on August 28. We're extremely excited about that opportunity to showcase the brand. It will involve the new store design in a powerful presentation in that marketplace. The wholesale distribution that we talked about in the last call is still in the works, but we're working through the details of that. And we'll at a minimum have a small store test going into spring.
Erinn Murphy: Got it. Thank you, guys, and best of luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Corinna Van Der Ghinst with Citi Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: My first question was also kind of around these newer categories that you guys are seeing some great traction in with the sandals and also we've been hearing really great feedback on your rain boot category as well. Just to kind of dig into how you guys are looking at that opportunity as we get into next year and beyond, are you looking to add more depth in your orders with your existing wholesale accounts, are you kind of looking to expand the SKU opportunity there or where are you kind of seeing opportunities to add shelf space? And also could you talk a little bit about some of the transitional items that you guys are looking at ahead of the true cold-weather break for this year?
Dave Powers: Yes. So the categories that you mentioned, rain boots, sneakers for us, TreadLite across men's those are the categories that we are starting to see traction on and we're continuing with two approaches. One is, to further develop the line, so this fall and holiday you're going to see a much broader expansion in the rain category with the good, better, best approach that we are really excited about. And then the opportunity for us at a minimum is to create more shelf space in the accounts that we do business with today. So, I think none of us are completely satisfied with how we show up in spring and summer as a brand. I think there is opportunity to have a stronger presence, a broader SKU count. It doesn't mean that we need to develop more product. It is placing the product that we're having success with and creating a bigger presence in those key accounts. At the same time the conversations with people like Macy's allows us to get new distribution and really showcase the breadth of the line across men's and women's and spring and summer, as well. So it's a two-tiered approach building on our winners that we have had success with and expanding those, but really driving more additional shelf space and then with some new distribution at the same time.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: And just kind of given that we're coming out at that season, how are you guys feeling about the price points that you guys are positioned at on that spring-summer assortment for now? And then as you kind of move forward with your segmentation strategy, how much higher do you think you could take your price points within that premium distribution channel like a Nordstrom's, for example? Does your sweet spot kind of move higher as you start to segment some of these lower-end channels or how are you thinking about that?
Dave Powers: Yes, it is a great question. I believe, and if you talk to Andrea, the President of UGG and Fashion Lifestyle group, there is opportunity for higher price points in some of that top tier distribution. As we continue to elevate the positioning of the brand, work on the design DNA and the material and finishing that product we think we can raise ASPs a little bit in some of those key categories and those channels, especially compared to the competition. And at the same time that allows us to have more entry level price points in kind of the mid tier of the distribution channel. So I think it is a great opportunity for us, the consumer is showing that they love the product and as we continue to elevate design I think we have an opportunity to raise ASPs over time.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Great and then just one quick follow-up on your direct-to-consumer comments. Just with the store closures and the work that you are doing around retail with direct-to-consumer exclusives in some of these new platforms, and you have guided flat to down for this year, when do you think that you guys could return to positive growth on the DTC comp side?
Dave Powers: Yes, it is tough to say. In the macroenvironment I feel good about what we are doing to control with our controllables when the consumer comes into the store. Getting back into the Classics franchise will help, having the Classics at full price, having the Bailey Bow and the Bailey Button and those iterations at full price, the new collections at higher price point will help, launching the outerwear category in our DTC channel this fall and holiday, ultimately getting back into a meaningful loungewear business and handbag business over time. Those are all things that are in work that are going to benefit our DTC business. But exactly when we will return to those kind of levels that are showing continued growth, it's still early days to be able to tell on that. 
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Fair enough, thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Sole with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your questions.
Jay Sole: My question is, you have done a lot of great work to diversify the UGG product line for the winter, the November-December season. There is a lot more fashion. Does that change the weather sensitivity of UGG in that quarter because the mix has changed?
Dave Powers: That's the goal ultimately, Jay, is that we become less reliant on weather. And I believe that if we continue to excite our consumer with fresh, innovative new product that is so compelling that it doesn't matter what the weather is outside that we will be successful long term. So that is where we are starting to see success both in Q3 and in Q4 and spring and summer. But ultimately, and also what we are doing with the diversification and minimizing the reliance on the Core Classic with the other franchise items that we are launching, the goal is to become less weather dependent as a brand on an annual basis.
Jay Sole: Got it. I mean, so would you say that -- and obviously that's the goal. How much volatility do you think is possible just from a top-line perspective for the assortment as it exists today in the November-December time frame?
Dave Powers: Yes, I think this year November time frame and December time frame we are still taking a conservative approach on it. We haven't turned the corner on being less weather reliant yet. I do think the newness in the line is going to help, but we are still taking a conservative approach and outlook for this fall and holiday.
Jay Sole: Got it, okay, that is helpful. And then the last one for me is just on the less closeouts in the quarter and more regular sales, can you just talk about what brands those -- that piece of the quarter we're in? 
Tom George: Yes, it was, Jay, this is Tom. It was really all of the brands that we had fewer closeouts against a small number in the quarter. And the more regular sales it was, again, really sort of evenly distributed through all the brands.
Jay Sole: Okay, got it. Thanks so much. Good luck.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Molly Iarocci with Stifel. Please go ahead with your question.
Molly Iarocci: A couple of ones from me. I'm just curious, what kind of commitments do you have on your carryover inventory? Do you feel comfortable with the sell-in of that in the back half?
Tom George: Yes, Molly, this is Tom. We feel very comfortable. We've got a strong backlog. And when you go through the process of allocating the inventory you have on hand relative to the wholesale orders we have and our expectations for direct-to-consumer, which we're taking a cautious view on comps in direct-to-consumer, we feel really good where we stand with our inventory levels.
Molly Iarocci: Okay.
Dave Powers: We've also tailored off of our receipts to be able to balance that out, as well. 
Tom George: Right.
Molly Iarocci: Okay, great. And then what percent of your mix are you expecting to come from the Slim and Luxe products this year versus last year? And then is the Street product only a DTC launch this year or are you launching it into the wholesale channel?
Tom George: From Street.
Dave Powers: Street, yes, so I can talk at an aggregate level. So, as I said before the Core Classic, the Short, Mini and Tall is 20%. The Luxe, the Slim and the Street make up another 25%. So it's primarily Slim followed by Street and then Luxe. The Street launch is all channels. And I think it's going to be an exciting opportunity to reach a new consumer in all of these channels and we're going to support that with the marketing campaign that we talked about for all of these franchise items that we're launching in partnership with Rosie Huntington-Whiteley and a powerful digital campaign to support each of those. And they all have a staggered launch. So, each month we'll have highlight. we'll be able to highlight one of those key styles as we build in momentum into the back half of the year. 
Molly Iarocci: Okay, great. And then last one, what other influences are you seeing from the new President of the Fashion Lifestyle Group, Andrea? Just curious, it sounds like she has had some perspective on an ASP strategy, what other ideas are you carrying forward?
Dave Powers: Yes. The goal for Andrea and the team is first and foremost to maintain and elevate the positioning in the brand. We think there is opportunity to create an even stronger halo at the high end of the market and position it a little bit more than accessible luxury brand over time that we can do that through design and price point of marketing and communication. Continue to balance out the category mix as we've been doing and build on where we're seeing success. And that leads into growing in our spring and summer business in a major way. We do believe there is continued opportunity to activate growth in the lifestyle areas of the business, so lounge wear, outerwear, handbags over time. And so they're in early days of that developing that with the right team and the right approach and the right design DNA. And then continuing to segment, but it's really refocusing on where we can win in the short term, gaining success in new styles, elevating design and innovation and that making sure that the way we show up around the globe is the premium presentation of the brand and a positive brand experience. So, it's exciting opportunity for the brand right now. Andrea is bringing a great deal of energy and leadership to the teams and really focusing us on where we think there is opportunity to go after it.
Molly Iarocci: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question today is coming from the line of Christian Buss with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Sara Shuler: Hi, this is actually Sara Shuler on for Christian. Regarding DTC in your comments you said you had some challenges with your ERP implementation. Can you give us a little bit more detail on that?
Dave Powers: Yes, that has been primarily focused on our eCommerce business. We had delayed shipping for a few days there at the beginning of the quarter due to our ERP system implementation. It caused a few more delays than we had planned. So that played into the negative comp for DTC over the course of the period. But we are back on track, that was a temporary delay and the system is up and working.
Steve Fasching: Yes, one thing, this is Steve, Sara, is that was planned so we had planned it on the quarter. And the reason we picked that period was because it was really at the end of the year and it's the slowest part of our season. So it wasn't that it was unexpected, it was just that because we implemented it at the end of the year we suspended shipping while we upgraded the systems. So it wasn't a surprise, it was planned.
Sara Shuler: Got it. That's very helpful. Thank you. And one last quick question. You said that you are working to enhance your product development calendar. What do those kind of development lead times look like now and what is your goal that you are working towards?
Dave Powers: Yes, so this is a major priority for us to be able to continue to bring freshness to the marketplace. So right now our average lead time is anywhere from 15 to 16 months from start to finish. What we have done in the short term is taken 25% of our line and reduced that to nine months. So that allows us to chase trends off quickly, react to what we are seeing in the business. And at the same time starting for spring 2018 we are going to be moving to a four-season development calendar, as well. So that will help us really put some power behind our summer and our winter, holiday time product at the same time. So that's where we have gotten to so far. There is still opportunities beyond that for even shorter quick-strike opportunities. But that 25% of our line moving to nine months will be a major move for us. And the team has done a great job at allowing that to happen.
Sara Shuler: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time I will turn the floor back to management for closing remarks.
Dave Powers: Yes, so thanks, everybody, for joining the call today and taking the time. I think the questions were strategic. We appreciate your interest in the brand and where things are going in the company. As we said before there is a lot that we are going through right now, this is a transition year. But as I said on the call I am very pleased with how the teams are managing through the transition, gearing up for the fall and holiday timeframe. And as we feel confident about what we control we are still taking a cautious outlook for the rest of the gear and approaching the year conservatively. But from where we stand today we feel optimistic that we will be able to deliver on what we said. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-05-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Fasching - Vice President Strategy & Investor Relations Angel Martinez - Chairman and CEO Dave Powers - President, Deckers Brands Tom George - CFO
Analysts: Jonathan Komp - Robert W. Baird Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Corinna Van Der Ghinst - Citigroup Randal Konik - Jefferies Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley Scott Krasik - Buckingham Research Chris Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group Jim Duffy - Stifel
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands' Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2016 Yearend Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to Steve Fasching, Vice President, Strategy and Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Steve Fasching: Welcome everyone joining us today. On the call today is Angel Martinez, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors, Dave Powers, President and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's safe harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of federal securities laws, which are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call today other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements and include statements regarding our anticipated financial performance, including our projected net sales, margins, expenses, and earnings per share, as well as statements regarding our business transformation plans, product and brand strategies, market opportunities and restructuring plans. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent the company's current expectations and are based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from results predicted, assumed, or implied by forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factor section on its Annual Performance on Form 10-K. Except as required by law or the listings of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in its expectations or as a result of the availability of new information. With that, I'll now turn it over to Angel.
Angel Martinez: Well thanks, Steve, and thank you to everyone, for joining us on today's call. We closed out fiscal 2016 with a solid fourth quarter performance that was highlighted by double-digit topline and EPS growth on a non-GAAP pro forma basis, a meaningful increase versus a year ago. I am proud of our team's perseverance following a challenging holiday period to deliver non-GAAP results that exceeded guidance, while also executing the strategic initiatives and restructuring that we believe will allow the company to gain market share and deliver profitable growth over the long term. With that being said, we're aware that the retail industry continues to undergo a significant structural change fueled by technology that is changing consumer behavior and impacting what they buy, when and how they buy it, and how much they pay for it. To succeed in today's environment, companies not only need authentic brand position and compelling on-trend product, they must also have the infrastructure that supports direct and personalized dialogue with consumers, efficient premium service levels, a customizable differentiated shopping experience, and the ability to scale internationally. The strategic initiatives we've made over the last five years have put the company in a great position to win on these critical fronts. This is included building a highly advanced global Omni channel platform, enhancing our supply chain including the addition of a new state-of-the-art distribution center, bringing in experienced professionals to work alongside our talented group of employees around the world, and developing a strong international presence. On top of this, our product engine is stronger than ever with new innovations fueling excitement and freshness throughout our brand portfolio. With a solid foundation now in place, I've decided that this is the right time to retire as Chief Executive Officer, effective May 31. Our succession plan has been something that the Board and I have been working on for quite a while now. It was incredibly important for us to find the right person and I am proud to announce that Dave Powers will assume the CEO role. Since joining the company in 2012, Dave has exhibited all the qualities that we need in the company's next leader. As many of you know, Dave is a seasoned footwear and retail executive with a career that includes Senior Leadership roles at Nike, Timberland, and The Gap. I've great confidence that he is absolutely the right person to elevate our brands to new levels and drive the company forward. I'll now hand it over to Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks Angel. Let me first say that I am honored to be given the opportunity to lead this amazing company. I want to thank the Board and Angel for the confidence they've shown and continue to show in me. It has been a privilege to work so closely with Angel these past four years, and I feel very fortunate that I'll be able to benefit from his continued involvement in the business as Chairman. I am very optimistic about the long-term potential of our brand, and I am eager to continue the tremendous progress the team has made building a stronger organization to support the many growth opportunities still ahead of us. With that, let's turn to our recent performance. In fiscal 2016, we made several changes to the organization to drive long-term value and improve our competitiveness. This included adding new leadership within our brand and to our Omni channel division, streamlining and restructuring our brands to create operating efficiencies and synergies, improving our retail store footprint and aligning our organization to improve the consumer experience. We believe these changes have prepared us to navigate the evolving retail landscape and will lead to long-term success and an increase in shareholder value. I'll now review our two Lifestyle Groups Fashion and Performance and then cover our results by channel. Beginning with Fashion and Lifestyle, as we announced last month, we appointed Andrea O'Donnell to lead this group. Andrea joins us recently from the DFS Group, a multibillion dollar retailer owned by LVMH, where she served as President of Global Merchandising. We're excited to have her on Board and believe our teams will benefit from her strong international background and experience working with premium brands. The UGG brand performed strongly in the quarter, growing 15% in constant currency to end the year up 5%. The arrival of cold weather in January helped drive sales of our fall winter product. As the season transitioned to spring, we experienced strong sales in our casual shoes and sneakers across all channels. The use of our Treadlite technology in these categories is proving to be a differentiator for the brand, and we have already received a favorable response from wholesalers to our spring '17 offering. For the quarter, unit sales for UGG increased mid teens with non-core units up over 20%. This demonstrates once again demand for UGG remained strong and that more than ever consumers are turning to the brands for its full product assortment. As we look at fiscal '17, we're excited about the products we are bringing to market. This year, our major focus is on the re-launch of the UGG's Classic Franchise. Anchoring this re-launch is the New Classic, which will be supported with robust marketing, showcasing the water and stain resistant treatment and the comfort and traction delivered by a Treadlite outflow. Our plan for fall '16 includes more than just a new classic. We also have our Classic Slim, Luxe, and Street Style to round out a more complete Classics franchise. Collectively, these styles give us the most diverse assortment of classics ever. This breadth allows us to target a broader range of consumers with Classics through a variety of price points and silhouettes. Based on the success of Slim and Luxe in our DTC channels last fall, we know that these styles expand the wearing occasions of Classics and create exciting appeal to both new and existing consumers alike. Wholesalers and distributors are also excited about the new classics franchise and have booked slim styles like the Kristen and the Amy as top 10 styles. Beyond re-launching the Classics franchise, we are also continuing our momentum within women's casuals, fashion, and weather categories along with attacking men's, kid’s, and lifestyle. In women's last fall, we entered the rain boot category for the first time and had strong demand. For fall 2016 we are building on our success in this category with a much wider and deeper rain collection in both wholesale and in DTC. In men's, we have compelling new product that incorporates Treadlite as well as a more robust offering of casual boots and shoes like the Neumel that infuse the comfort of our slippers that can be worn outside the home. In the life style category our home and loungewear businesses continue to grow and we're excited about testing and outer wear collection this fall. To help elevate the brand, we recently signed Rosie Huntington Whitely as the first ever UGG global ambassador. Rosie is one of the world's most recognized models and top style icons. She has a deep love for UGG and we look forward to working with her to leverage her extensive reach to showcase the brand globally. We're also excited about the launch of Koolaburra this fall. With Koolaburra we now have the ability to attack the sub $100 sheepskin boot market. This is a market that we have to create, but have not competed in with the UGG brand. Koolaburra will start with a small launch into a few major account. Our market research indicates that the sub $100 sheepskin market represents a significant global opportunity. We are viewing this year as the way to assess the market opportunity and gauge consumer reception to the brand. Moving on to our Performance Lifestyle Group. HOKA ONE ONE continues to successfully penetrate the running market growing 44% in constant currency in the fourth quarter and ending the year with 65% growth. The Clayton, one of the brand's latest most innovative products yet, showcases the power of the brand in delivering ultra lightweight maximum cushion performance running shoes through its speed cushion platform. The Clayton is helping HOKA win with women a key initiative for the brand. Sales of the women's Clayton have been strong, which is a great sign as we look to further balance the brand by gender. The authenticity that HOKA has built in such a short time is remarkable, and at this year's Iron Man in California and Texas, HOKA was the most worn shoe brand ahead of ASICs, Brooks and Saucony. As we look to continue to build our strength with athletes, HOKA was recently named the official shoe sponsor of the Iron Man U.S. Series. As you can see we are focused on building the brand's awareness and see excellent short and long term opportunities. Teva grew 11% in the fourth quarter in constant currency and 7% for the year. The brand continues to have success appealing to a more modern millennial consumer with its sports sandals and closed-toe footwear. The brand is also expanding its international presence, particularly in Asia Pacific with strong growth in Japan and South Korea. This spring, Teva launched a new series of sports sandals called Terra-Float. This series add performance elements to our sport sandal categories that improve functionality and comfort. Sell through has been strong, indicating that Teva has a new franchise to get behind in spring '17. Sanuk sales declined 2% in the fourth quarter and 7% for the year. Fiscal 2016 was a challenging year for the brand and to reinvigorate the brand and improve operational efficiencies we recently relocated Sanuk to our corporate headquarters in Goleta. The move continues to go smoothly but it will take time as we transition the team and rebuild in fiscal '17. Turning now to a review of our channel performance and an update on the initiatives we announced last quarter. Beginning with our Direct-to-Consumer channel, we're pleased to report that our DTC comp was up 2.6% in the fourth quarter. The growth was led by strong performance in eCommerce offset by declines in our retail stores, particularly concept stores. Once again, the decline in traffic from international tourists impacted performance. Excluding our five most tourists impacted concept stores, the DTC comp was up 6.3%. We're encouraged by a positive DTC comp especially since ASPs were pressured by the continued promotions of core classics. For the year DTC sales increased 7.4% in constant currency and the DTC comp finished down 1%, although notably it was up 2.7% excluding our five tourists driven locations. In February, we announced efforts to optimize our retail store fleet. To that end, we've identified a total of 24 stores for closure, not including any relocation. In the fourth quarter we closed three of the 24 stores and the remaining 21 are targeted for closure in fiscal '17. The goal of our fleet optimization is to boost overall fleet productivity and reposition the brand with key relocation. Retail remains an important element of our Omni-Channel strategy and we've identified 15 new locations globally to open in fiscal '17, comprised of a mix of concepts and outlets and high visibility, highly traffic locations that we believe will deliver strong return and provide the opportunity to further showcase the strength of the UGG brand with our new store design. Now to our global wholesale business, wholesale and distributor sales increased 14% in constant currency in the fourth quarter and increased 5% for the year. The fourth quarter increase was driven by an increase in both closeout and regular price sales for the UGG brand, expanded distribution with HOKA and Teva, as well as a brand wide shift in orders from Q1 fiscal '17 into Q4 fiscal '16 in advance of our business transformation systems implementation. As part of our increasing strategic focus in this channel, we announced last quarter plans to rationalize our wholesale account base to ensure the UGG brand's premium positioning is being reflected in the marketplace. To this end, we implemented minimum order quantities to improve our product assortment at small independent. To date, we have selectively exited approximately 200 accounts. The goal of rationalizing our wholesale account is to make sure the breadth and presentation of the UGG product line is being properly represented and to adjust our distribution strategy to be in tune with the ongoing changes in consumer shopping pattern. Last quarter we announced our wholesale product segmentation strategy. We've classified accounts into pinnacle, premium and corridors across the fashion, lifestyle, sports and outdoor channels and we'll being to sell specific products appropriate to each of them. Through this process, we've also identified wide space for channel-specific product, which will help us open accounts in channels where we're underpenetrated as well as expand doors with accounts and in markets where we currently have limited presence. While still early, segmentation is creating new distribution opportunities for fall 2016. This brings me to our order book. Our backlog at March 31 was down 4% compared with the same date a year ago. We're pleased with this result given the challenging retail environment and the difficulties we experience from weather this past fall and holiday. As a reminder, our 3/31 backlog only includes orders from wholesalers and distributors for April through December. This backlog figure represents less than a third of our total revenue and does not include our DTC channel all the fourth quarter or any in season at once orders. Looking forward, we believe our brands are well positioned to grow with innovative products in the pipeline, strategic distribution opportunities and new leadership in place. As CEO my immediate priorities are driving excitement by elevating the design of product and fueling innovation and speed to market, driving desire by connecting with consumers digitally through targeted marketing and robust eCommerce capabilities, driving efficiencies by continuing to streamline the organization and improve our operations and driving growth by optimizing new distribution opportunities globally. I am very excited about the team of talent employees we have around the global. The new organizational structure combined with the leadership we have in place gives me great confidence. I look forward to working with the team to unlock the value of these initiatives. That said, we're approaching fiscal '17 conservatively and we're reviewing it as a transition year for the company given the reality of the marketplace and the time it will take for our new leadership to make an impact. So more than ever, we remain focused on the opportunities in front of us and are confident in the direction of our brands. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Tom who will walk us through our financial performance and outlook.
Tom George: Thanks Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Today I'll take you through our fourth quarter and fiscal year 2016 results in greater detail and provide an outlook on the first quarter and fiscal 2017. Please note throughout this discussion where I refer to non-GAAP financial measures, I am referring to measures before taking into account restructuring and other charges incurred in the fourth quarter. Also note our non-GAAP pro forma results are not adjusted for constant currency. A reconciliation between our reported GAAP and the non-GAAP pro forma results can be found in our earnings release that is posted our website under the investor information tab. Now to our results for the fourth quarter, starting with revenue, in constant dollars revenue increased 12% to $383 million up from $341 million last year. On a reported basis, revenue was up 11% to $379 million. In constant dollars by brand, UGG revenue was up 15%, HOKA up 44%, Teva up 11% and Sanuk down 2% versus last year. Our revenue in the quarter exceeded guidance by nearly $14 million. This upside was driven by an $8 increase in wholesale and distributor sales due to more units than expected being sold and a $6 million increase in sales in our DTC channel driven by better than expected DTC comps. For the full year in constant dollars, revenue grew 6% to $1.92 billion up from $1.82 billion last year. As reported, revenue was up 3% to $1.875 billion. The increase in revenue versus last year was driven by a 2.6% increase in wholesale and distributor sales and a 4% increase in DTC sales. Non-GAAP gross margin was 42.3% in the fourth quarter, compared to 44.7% last year. For the quarter, the change in gross margin versus last year was driven by a higher proportion of closeout sales, the continued promotion of classics as we evolve to the new classic and FX headwinds. For the year, non-GAAP gross margin was 45.4% compared to 48.3% a year ago. We had roughly a 200 basis point decrease due to increased promotion closeouts and a 140 basis point decrease from FX headwind. These gross margin headwinds were offset by a 50 basis point improvement from lower input costs primarily sheepskin. Non-GAAP SG&A was 40.8% of sales in the fourth quarter, compared to 44.5% a year ago. For the year SG&A was 35% compared to 36% a year ago. For both the quarter and the year, the year-over-year improvement was primarily due to lower incentive based compensation. For the quarter, non-GAAP earnings per share was $0.11 versus $0.04 a year ago; this is ahead of our guidance of $0.07 and was driven by higher revenue, partially offset by lower planned gross margin. For the year, non-GAAP earnings per share were $4.50 compared to $4.66 last year. The decline in earnings per share was caused by a greater than normal level promotion due to unseasonably warm weather that impacted UGG sales, FX headwinds created by the stronger U.S. dollar and an increase in Classics promotion as we evolve to the new Classic, partially offset by lower incentive-based compensation expense. During the quarter, the company incurred restructuring charges of $25 million due to retail store closures, office consolidations and software impairment. We also incurred other charges of $9 million that related to inventory write-downs, asset impairment and compensation related expenses. Inventories at the end of Q4 were $300 million, an increase of 26% over the same period last year. This was in line with our expectation. As a reminder, our inventories are elevated relative to a year ago due to lower sales recorded in the third quarter. The majority of this elevated inventory consists of UGG weather, slippers and casual boots that are being carried over into the fall 2016 line. We have reduced feature buys of this product and still expect to manage our inventory down to more appropriate levels by the end of our second quarter fiscal '17. During the quarter, the company repurchased 441,000 shares of common stock for a total of $25 million. For the full fiscal year, the company repurchased $1.42 million for a total of $94.2 million. As of March 31, 2016, the company had $77.9 million authorized repurchase funds remaining under its $200 million stock repurchase program announced in January 2015. As Dave mentioned, total company backlog at March 31 was down 4% compared to the same period last year. Directionally as a percentage, the UGG backlog was down slightly more than the total company. While not surprising, given our efforts to rationalize our wholesale account base and exit accounts, additionally as many in the industry have pointed out, wholesalers have been more cautious with their order books and are looking to place more at once business. Now moving to our outlook for fiscal 2017; given the seasonality of our business, the changes that are taking place in the industry and the impact that weather has historically had on our sales, we believe it is prudent to move to a range for our first quarter and full year forecast. For full fiscal year '17 we expect revenue to be in the range of flat to down 3%, compared to 2016 levels. Included in our flat sales assumption is modest improvement in the weather conditions relative to those experienced in the third quarter ending calendar December 2015, flat global wholesale and distributers with reorders and cancellations netted out, flat direct-to-consumer comps and improvement in the promotional environment with fury in it sold. Included in our 3% decline assumption is similar weather conditions to calendar 2015, a mid single digit decline in global wholesale and distributor sales due to net cancelations and lower unit sales, a low single digit decline in DTC comps and a similar promotional environment to last year. In both scenarios we expect six net store closures and expect to end fiscal '17 with 147 stores. Note the majority of the store closures will occur after the new store opening. By brand, we expect UGG revenue to be in the range of flat to down 3%, HOKA to grow approximately 20% to 30%, Teva down low single digits, Sanuk down mid single digit and Koolaburra to be approximately $10 million to $15 million. With respect to gross margins, we expect full year gross margins to be in the range of 47% to 47.5%. This represents an improvement of roughly 200 basis points over last year's pro forma gross margin. This has been driven by a 100 basis point improvement from lower sheepskin prices negotiated for this year, 50 basis point improvement from supply chain efficiencies and potentially up to 80 basis point improvement from the less promotional environment, slightly offset by 30 basis points of FX headwinds. SG&A as a percentage of sales is projected to be approximately 37% due to no revenue growth and increased compensation expense. While this results in deleverage in today’s challenging environment we continue to review our operating structure and are committed to driving efficiencies in the organization. For the full year earnings per share is expected to be in the range of $4.05 to $4.40 on a share count of $32.5 million. This excludes any pretax charges that may occur from any further restructuring charges, which we anticipate could be up to $15 million in fiscal '17. Capital expenditures for the fiscal year are expected to be $60 million, approximately $27 million from new DTC infrastructure, $13 million in facilities, $10 million is for maintenance CapEx and $10 million in IT related CapEx. For the first quarter on a reported basis, we expect revenue to be down 20% to 25%, compared with the same period a year ago. While these percentage were large, Q1 is our smallest revenue quarter and the decline in revenue is a result of a shift in orders between quarters and softer retail environment. We had orders shipped between Q1 fiscal 2017 into Q4 fiscal 2016 in advance of our business transformation implementation and we expect a shift in orders from Q1 into Q2 fiscal 2017 due to the timing of new product launches. As a result, we expect diluted loss per share of approximately $2.10 to $2.20 compared to a diluted loss per share of $1.43 last year. As a reminder a significant amount of our operating expenses are fixed and spread evenly on an absolute basis throughout each quarter. I’ll now turn it back over to Angel for his closing comment.
Angel Martinez: Thanks, Tom. While during the past 11 years, I've had a good fortune of working with an incredible group of people, build a very special company. It has been a privilege of serve as Chief Executive Officer and I want to thank everyone who supported me along the way, starting with the entire Deckers family and Board of Directors as well as our world-class retail partners and suppliers and finally our analysts and our shareholders. I appreciate the interest you’ve shown in the company, although I can't say I am going to miss addressing you on a quarterly basis, but as Chairman and of the shareholder in the company. I do look forward to assisting Dave and the Executive Management Team in building on the strong market position and solid financial base that we've established. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jonathan Komp from Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Jonathan Komp: Yeah, hi thank you. If I can may be just first clarify the wholesale shipment timing factor, it sounds like part of it was earlier shipments and then part of it as later shipments into the second quarter in terms of timing. How much was the piece of the shift into the fourth quarter of 2016?
Tom George: Hey, Jonathan this is Tom. It was roughly $10 million that shifted from the first quarter into the fourth quarter and that was purposeful. We really wanted to make sure we got those shipments out to the customers, so they could turn at retail because we were getting ready to go live with our business transformation effort.
Jonathan Komp: Great. Thank you for that. And then Dave may be a bigger picture question. I know you talked a little bit about the segmentation opportunity for the UGG brand and it sounds like may be some of that opportunity is still being developed at least in terms of how you see it playing out. But are there any specific channels or different areas of the wholesale market that you see particularly as being underpenetrated or how should we think about or what type of opportunity that segmentation work might bring.
Dave Powers: Yeah, happy to speak to that. It's in the early days of development, it's something that Stefano and I and the UGG team have been very focused on over the last four to five months strategically mapping out the right marketplace strategy for North America. And inclusive of that is up -- is identifying wide space opportunities. So if you think about, for example, the outdoor channel, the sports lifestyle channel, we're very strong within the Fashion and Department Store channel, but we believe there is an opportunity for the brand to extend its reach to new consumers in the outdoor and sports channel. So we're having initial discussions with those key players, but it takes a while to develop the product and the marketing approach to be successful in that channel. So we're going to be doing some testing this fall in holiday in some of those key accounts, and then it’s really a long-term strategy that you’ll see come to fruition probably more in fall '17.
Jonathan Komp: Okay. Thank you.
Dave Powers: Yep.
Operator: Our next question comes from Taposh Bari from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Taposh Bari: Hey, good afternoon, everybody. First, Angel congrats on everything that you've done at Deckers and good luck in your future endeavors.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Taposh Bari: I guess a high level question first in terms of the UGG brand's position particularly within the wholesale channel in the U.S. At times of controversy, there's always -- there's always a lot of moving parts, but the backlog commentary sounds pretty encouraging from my perspective. I would love to get your opinion on where the -- how your key wholesale partners, what level of commitment they have from your perspective to the UGG brand after a challenging season, and how they are interpreting some of the changes that you're making going forward?
Dave Powers: Yeah. So we've obviously been working very closely with our key partners. We're fortunate that we have very strong relationships with our key partners that have been built over the year. And going through the challenges in Q3, coming out of that and planning for this coming fall and holiday, Stefano and the team, they've been very close with those key accounts in managing the future going forward. They have certainly challenges that they're facing with regard to consumer traffic patterns and just in an overall marketplace malaise, but they understand the importance of UGG to their success and we've been working very closely with them to make sure that we have the right assortment going forward into broader assortment based off the new initiatives that we put into the Classic franchise. And so, they're confident still in the UGG brand, and we're still a key player for them, but the challenges they're seeing in a macro level are making things a little bit more challenging. And as I'm sure you can understand across the Board, department store open to buys are shrinking, they're looking at more of an at-once business versus their pre-booked business, which is why I think our pre-book is down 4% is actually a healthy number compared to what the environment looks like right now. So continuing to work with them closely, our goal overall is to provide the consumers in the marketplace the best product and the best brand experience we can. And as part of those objectives, we are taking a look at our marketplace strategy with a goal of elevating our presentation in key accounts, elevating that experience, and then cleaning up some of the distribution that quite frankly we think is not a positive representation of the brand. So, as you heard on the call, we're going to be closing roughly 200 doors, that’s strategic. The approach there is to make sure that we continue to elevate the positioning of the UGG brand, look for new distribution opportunities, make sure that the key players are supported the way that we need them to be, and they're representing the brand the right way, and then also looking into other opportunities in different channels as I mentioned as well. So it’s a long term strategy. You're going to see the initial stages of that take place this fall, but continuing to focus on the premium position in the UGG brand, we don't want to do anything to damage that integrity and every decision we make with regards to distribution going forward is going to be through that lens.
Taposh Bari: Thanks for that. It's helpful Dave. And then just a quick follow-up on the point of diversification, I know that you’ve been diversifying away from the Classics part of the UGG business. Can you give us a snapshot for what the composition of the UGG brand looks like or look like in fiscal '16 and what you expect it to look like in fiscal '17?. Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yeah. So that's a very important discussion and something that we've been working on for quite some time as you know, and I've been nervous over the last few years about reliance on the core Classic, and we've done -- we've made quite a few changes to broaden the breadth of the assortment. So I'm actually pleased with how the things are looking for fall '17. The core Classic is looking that it will be roughly 20% of the overall business. As you know, that's down from 50%, 60% three to five years ago. The non-core sheepskin, so things like the Slim, the Luxe and the New Street collection will be about 25%. And then women’s casual and fashion is about 20% and then slippers make up the rest. So a much more balanced portfolio. It's a balance across styles which also means it's balance across consumer types and balance across price and segmentation in the marketplace, which I believe is the right platform for us going forward. It's less reliant on one key style to do all the business for us. And it also provides us with new platform that we can grow off of overtime and to iterate up those styles within the Classics franchise and they continue to get after our casual boot business as well.
Taposh Bari: Great. I just want to confirm Dave, when you say core classics, you're referring to all colors and kind of finishes within that traditional silhouette. Is that correct?
Dave Powers: Yeah core is the classic short Ptolemy and the Bailey Bow in core colors, so black and maybe…
Taposh Bari: Okay. Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yeah. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Corinna Van Der Ghinst from Citigroup. Please go ahead.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Hi, thank you. Good afternoon. Congratulations to Dave and good luck to you on having your next step. I believe you said you're expecting a mid single digit decline in wholesale sales for this year, can you parse out how much of that is due to the sales softened reduction and distribution versus existing accounts are getting more conservative on their backlogs and inventory management?
Angel Martinez: It's not dramatic due to the account closures. A lot of the account closures, that 200 number that we represented, overall while it’s a big number, it's a small percent of our total business. So it's more just to do with the overall situation in the marketplace. We feel very good about the product we’re bringing to market and the go-to-market strategy that we have in place. So a little bit of that number is self inflicted because we got to closing accounts, but the majority of that is due to whole partner open to buy.
Tom George: This is Tom, just add to that Corinna, just to confirm we’ve got flat revenue growth guide as well as a down 3%. So another driver is the down 3% is we assume more cancellation relatively to the orders for the year.
Angel Martinez: Yeah correct.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Okay. That’s helpful and then my follow-up was just on if you could give us an update on the cost savings that you guys have discussed previously with the $35 million, it looks like your SG&A is going to deleverage this year or for the upcoming year, could you just give more details on how you do that playing out and kind of what buckets is spending area you're focused on for this year.
Angel Martinez: Yeah, the $35 million number, that was an annualized number and we think for the fiscal year in '17 we're about half way there. From a store perspective, the stores are going to close, they're going to be more later in the year. So we’ll still have fair amount of the store operating expenses for the year. I think we’re halfway there on the Sanuk and our new portion of operating expenses and we feel good where we're at in terms of reaffirming that number on an annualized basis going forward. We do have some of the reinvestment that we mentioned in fiscal year '17 as well because we do have some additional marketing we've put in to the plan this year mostly around HOKA.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Randal Konik from Jefferies. Please go ahead.
Randal Konik: Yeah, thanks a lot. So, I guess my first question is if we think about the long term trend towards at more out one business versus a pre-booked business, how big of an at once business do you think at once can get towards and how do you think about potentially having to more for operating supply chain in a different matter? How you think about that kind of long term trend and how you might have to exchange or manage the business in a different manner is my first question.
Angel Martinez: Yeah, great question. I think the best way to answer that is really around making sure your supply chain can react to that. And so David Lafitte and the team and the operations team and generally across the company, we're very focused on adjusting our time to market and our speed to market, that includes product development timing to market being able to fast rack product from a trend perspective, but also balancing out our production over the year and working closely with our factories so that we can turn deliveries around faster, pretty mostly on core items to be able to react to trend. So, it's not prefect to where we want it to be today, but we can react pretty quickly within core styles, roughly 90 to 120 days on to partners floor so when we get into the beginning of the fall season we can still react pretty quickly to some of those key styles.
Randal Konik: And then I guess the second question, is as you think about let’s say the department store channel distribution is reducing open to buy dollars and then may be getting just more cautious, well we've been hearing on some brands being more, using those more guarded open to buy dollars on proven winner is in a company’s line and pulling back a little bit on the risk factor side of things on newness. How do you think about as you line is getting more, so little bit more skewed and in terms of the broadening out and becoming more of a less, dependent on more style or little etcetera, are you using things like your direct consumer database and kind of giving some data to the department stores say look, this is going to be a winner. Like I guess how do you think about as these department stores continue to pull back on that open to buy business, get a little bit may be can get more conservative on the risk scale of things to get your new lines, your new direction as you buy those customers?
Angel Martinez: Yeah, it’s a great question and I think what we did last year with our Slim and Luxe products by testing those products and launching them in our DTC channels first and then being able to go to our key wholesaler comp and show them the sell through and the size scale analysis and the consumer type really helps the wholesale teams sell that product in at a much stronger rate. And the Slim is a great example. It was a top seller for us in DTC last year. It's going to be a top five style at wholesale this year and that just speaks to the beauty of having the DTC organization that is tightly connected to the wholesale team, leveraging the learning, leveraging the go to market expertise that we have, the presentation and that’s something you're going to continue to see us do is test and learn quickly and as soon as we get results, we’ll take it to wholesale but it's not a blind sell into the wholesale accounts. It comes with the analytics and the sell through data that we have through our DTC channel.
Randal Konik: Got it. My last question if possible, the Koolaburra, I can't pronounce it, but it seems a great opportunity in terms of non-overwrapping using a different consumer or going after a different customer target? How do you think about the competition or let's say the blended slug out there that you see in Macy’s versus the pure slug business you see out there and let’s say perhaps a target, when you think about the long term distribution angle for Koolaburra, do you think more like a target slug or a Macy’s branded slug to compete it, I’m just curious.
Angel Martinez: I would say it's less the target approach. It is still positioned as a better brand within that sub $100 sheepskin boot market. So, it is going to come with the level of quality that we think is exceptional out there for those price points and we're going to stay focused on that, but we believe that there is a large opportunity in the marketplace for consumers who want quality, who want styling that fits their wardrobe and their lifestyle at a better price. Specific channels it's hard to say at this point, but I know the major footwear chains and some of the value department stores is lot of business there. That’s why we're starting this fall what I would say is more of a pilot to get out there and get a read for it and customers react to it and then we'll adjust our strategy going forward but we are also extremely mindful of the fact that we do not want this distribution to overlap with UGG. We’re segmenting the marketplace strategically and thoughtfully and we’re going to continue to elevate the UGG brand while we create an opportunity for Koolaburra.
Randal Konik: Got it. Thank you very helpful.
Angel Martinez: Okay.
Operator: Next question comes from Mitch Kummetz from B. Riley. Please go ahead.
Mitch Kummetz: Yeah, thanks. So Tom, when you gave us your full year guidance you kind of framed in the context of modest weather improvement, get to flat sales, similar weather gets you down three. We're trying to understand, when you say modest weather improvement, is that a normal winter or what exactly does that mean?
Angel Martinez: That means a little better, not a normal winter.
Mitch Kummetz: Okay. So let's assume we had a normal winter, what’s the ability to drive better results and kind of the high end of your guidance? I think it goes back to the question about your ability to chase and on the reorder side I’m just kind of curious how you guys are planning the inventory for that opportunity?
Dave Powers: Yeah, this is Dave. I can chip in on that. What we’ve done this year is we've taken a look at our key styles that we think there is upside in based on where they were booked and we've identified those 5 to 10 styles that we're going to take a position on in inventory to be able to react to. They're styles that will not require markdowns if things are stopped. We can carry those forward or sell them in Q4, but the biggest benefit we have now is our integrated planning organization which came with our business transformation efforts. We have a team that is focused on looking at inventory every single day addressing our demand, signal to the factories and managing the flow of inventory so that it's much more in line and that we have much more entail going into those decisions at the factories. So we can plan better for that based on trend and demand, but also react in season better than we have before.
Mitch Kummetz: Okay. And then I just want to go back to your question about why is Dave, there has been some chatter out there I've heard it from a number of people third that you guys might be opening Macy's this year. Can you address that? Is that something that you're looking at as part of the segmentation strategy and then also just on the Koolaburra, you talked about a pilot program this fall. You talked about what retailers are actually taking that product?
Dave Powers: Yeah. So part of looking at the wide space and the opportunity is looking where we have the best opportunity to reach new consumers. And so we've been in conversations with Macy's that originally started around the opportunity of opening a concession at Herald Square, which actually I'm really excited to say we are going to open this fall. It's going to be on the main floor of Herald Square next to Louis Vuitton. So it's a great brand presentation to a global consumer. And at the same time we're going to be testing a premium presentation some of their top flagship doors in key accounts. It’s a very closely monitored partnership. We're also going to be testing roughly 20 to 30 doors in locations where we currently don't have distribution from our key accounts. So it's very strategic. It's very focused on brand elevating presentation. It's focused on controlling price within that channel and we think it's going to be additive to our base over time, but we're starting up with a test this year, primarily focused as I said on Herald Square and taking advantage of that opportunity in New York City. It'll be stories only. We're not selling online with Macy’s and again part of the test evolve from there. Amazon we're -- it's nothing new that we're talking to Amazon. We work with Amazon from a Deckers perspective and have been for quite some time and it's no secret that Amazon is taking share in the marketplace and becoming a major player. I think roughly 45% of searches online start on the Amazon website now. So our brand is on there now and our goal in negotiating with Amazon and working with them is to make sure that when the brand shows up on that site, that it shows up in a premium way and it's a positive experience for the consumer. It's priced right and its merchandise right. So it's early days of discussion of where we're going to land with Amazon, but it's been an ongoing partnership for some time and as we look at the realities in the marketplace and how things are shifting and where the consumer is shopping, I believe it's in our best interest to partner very closely with them and control our destiny.
Mitch Kummetz: And then just on the pilot program what Macy's, that’s all I have. Thanks and good luck on your pilot program with Koolaburra, I’m sorry.
Dave Powers: Koolaburra yeah. So the major department store working with is going to be Coles. We'll be launching with Coles and again we've partnered closely with them. They understand what we're looking to do from a brand integrity perspective with pricing and positioning and placement. We think that, that consumer we know from talking to Coles that, that consumer is looking for our type of product. So we're doing a pretty significant test with them a few hundred doors. And then a couple other major box retailers that aren’t finalized yet, but I think it'll give us a good broad base test across different retailers, different consumers. We'll also be selling online at Amazon with the Koolaburra brand and on the Koolaburra website.
Mitch Kummetz: Okay. Thanks again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Scott Krasik from Buckingham Research. Please go ahead. 
Scott Krasik: Hi, everyone. Good luck Angel.
Angel Martinez: Thanks Scott.
Scott Krasik: Could you just give a little bit more color maybe on what you're seeing in some of the big regions Japan, China and Europe and then how the bookings from a comp perspective and then how the bookings look as well for the fall in the various regions?
Angel Martinez: Yeah. So I can speak to that a little bit and Tom can jump in. Business oversees in the international business has been pretty stable. We went through a lot of the last 18 months with the China business transitioning the office, re-pricing in that market, getting a hold on consumer shopping patterns. That business has stabilized. The Japan business, as you know we've really transitioned that marketplace to be a wholesale dominant market place to DTC including concessions led marketplace to the brand is healthy and strong there. We're having great success with spring sell through and new product in the men's business. And then I would say Europe has really kind of hit a stabilization point as well. We're seeing comp stabilize in that marketplace. The transition for Germany is going well and Sergio and the team they're really focused on executing and elevating the plant. In Europe the same way we're doing in the U.S. 
Tom George: On the wholesale side, our international business we're really pleased with how that book is actually up -- the backlog is actually up relative to the prior year and they normally order closer to in season, so that was really pleased how that went and then we talked about the domestic wholesale business and that backlog as of that point in time is lower relative to the total company backlog, but we've been pleased with how we've been pre-booking since the date of the backlog.
Scott Krasik: Thanks Tom, and then just two more clarification. The first one Tom, can you just remind us that $50 million in excess inventory at UGG. What is the composition of that inventory again and then, Dave I think the platform diversions we saw where Koolaburra buy UGG, I know there is some product out in the marketplace, I think DSW that's Koolaburra without the UGG brand. So where are we a mad evolution in using the buy UGG monitor? Thanks.
Tom George: Scott this is Tom. The majority of that excess inventory is the UGG weather product and some slippers and some casual boots, and that is being carried into the fall 2016 line. And since the last call we've also made a lot of headway on being able reduce our future buys going forward. So we still believe by the end of June, excuse me, end of September, our second fiscal quarter that our inventory levels will be more in line with our relative sales levels. Maybe still be higher relative to a year ago, but not at the same levels that our current inventory levels are.
Scott Krasik: Okay.
Dave Powers: And with regard to Koolaburra, so when we launch this fall, it will be brand in Koolaburra by UGG, obviously by UGG is secondary. But we felt through internal conversations, internal conversations with consumers and our partners. That there obviously is equity from the UGG brand that we can use to help launch the brand. We've also looked at brands that have tried to do a sub brand in the past that weren't connected to the master brand and those are usually generally less successful. So the goal is to leverage the equity the UGG brand to let people know that it's a value brand by UGG that they can trust, use that for the launch and ultimately over time drop the UGG into stick with Koolaburra.
Scott Krasik: Thank you so much.
Dave Powers: At the same time I think it's important to note that particularly with Andrea coming on Board now we're going to continue to elevate the UGG brand. It's premium position into a more accessible luxury space. So you'll continue to see us doing things from a product perspective, positioning perspective and marketing to maintain and elevate the premium positioning of the UGG brand at the same time. 
Scott Krasik: Helpful, thanks. Good luck.
Dave Powers: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes for Chris Svezia from Susquehanna International Group. Please go ahead.
Chris Svezia: Definitely and thanks for taking my questions. Angel and Dave all the best to you both, just I guess Dave question for you on the inventory in the channel, I’m just curious of your view as to where it is now? What do you see out there in the marketplace? I guess particularly as it relates to something like Bailey Bow or Bailey Buttons and the fact that inferior those products as transitioned to out of the market and the Classic call at 1.0, the idea that you're going to take some of that back into your I guess outlet channels April, May though there so that the retail channels that are out there, wholesale channels are pretty clean. Just give us an update on what you see out there and if that's still taking place in terms of those transition?
Dave Powers: Yeah Chris, great question. We feel really good about how that transition of the Classic has gone, especially since we made a decision to reduce price earlier and clear a lot of inventory in Q3. We had less than we had planned on originally coming into Q4. For the most part, the channel is pretty clean. We are taking back a little bit of inventory that we're going to continue to use to fuel our outlet business. So we'll be running the original Classic, the 1.0 so to speak in our outlets over time at the current price \for the reduced price. There is some inventory out there, the older classic and some smaller doors and some of the Bailey Bow or Button products and for the most part when we launch in July in major account, you'll see only the 2.0 or the new Classic on the floor. It won't be sitting next to the older classic except for perhaps a few small independent accounts across the board. But generally speaking the top 10 of our account, which is the majority of our business, will be clean and it will help pure presentation of the new Classic.
Chris Svezia: Okay. And the Classic 2.0 call at the new version the pricing on that, will that go back to the historical 1.0 pricing, just thoughts on it?
Dave Powers: Yeah the historical price of the original Classic was $160 we're bringing this one out at $165. 
Chris Svezia: Okay, All right great. And then Tom for you just on the gross margin, up 200 basis points on the year, any color about the cadence about how we should think about that as it plays out each quarter?
TomGeorge: I think Chris, what you want to consider there is between the flat scenario and the down scenario from a sales perspective. Really the only swing item is in that December quarter. We would expect some operating margin expansion in the December quarter on the low case and then in the high case we would expect more operating margin expansion in that December quarter. The fourth quarter it is a smaller quarter and there is from a basis point improvement perspective that’s the quarter that has the highest basis point improvement. The first quarter is -- that’s relatively flat year-over-year and then the second quarter, the expansion is more in line with the total year number.
Chris Svezia: Okay. And then finally just on, I think you said 80 basis points for promotional activity. I’m just curious given all the promotions that you had to run holiday of this past season, just your thoughts about to what extent you're going to either A, continue to do that or you've factored some of that to your guidance or are you just being conservative in assuming we're only getting back 80 basis points of the call 200 that we loss being promotions just curious about that.
TomGeorge: On the down scenario we’re assuming a similar promotional environment we did to last year and on the flat scenario, we’re assuming a little bit better promotional environment.
Dave Powers: Yeah, this is Dave, the goal of this falling holiday obviously is not to repeat the level of promotions. As we said last fall in holiday, the Classic and Bailey Bow Button promotions were one time event and the goal is to get back to normal cadence of markdowns that would be on seasonal product only and continue back to the full price carryover model that we had in the past. So, that’s why you see a little bit of conservatism in the plan as well is we want to maintain the integrity of the brand and the pricing and not have to get into a promotional environment.
Chris Svezia: Okay. Thank you very much. All the best. Appreciate it.
Angel Martinez: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Duffy from Stifel. Please go ahead.
Jim Duffy: Thank you, guys and all the best Angel.
Angel Martinez: Thank you.
Jim Duffy: Couple questions for you guys, Tom do you happen to have handy the average selling prices for fiscal '16 or units?
TomGeorge: No, we had unit growth, the average selling prices when you put -- strip the promotions away, we now had some improvement there, but the promotional environment really put some pressure on that.
Jim Duffy: Okay.
Angel Martinez: Yeah, just to kind answer the -- I think I know where you going. So ASPs if you look at for FY '16 lower than they were on the prior year, primarily driven by the lower promotions -- sorry, the higher level of promotions driving lower ASP. And then as we look out in our guidance, we are assuming a higher level ASP in the guidance because of a slightly lower level really promotion as well as bringing on the new classic which will have the higher price point without the promotion in the Slim.
Jim Duffy: Got it. Yeah, that’s exactly where I was going with that. And then Dave question for you, within your stated priorities you spoke to focus on opportunities to streamline the organization. Are you prepared to speak of some of the carriers where you see those opportunities?
Dave Powers: Yeah we have been focused on that for the past 12 months and then when you saw what we announced with the consolidation of the brands the Lifestyle Groups relocating HOKA and Sanuk into Goleta, those transitions are still in place and Wendy and team are looking at the restructure of how to best streamline those brands. But it is something we're continuing to focus on. We're looking across the organization and our supply chain network. Skew efficiencies within the brand, making sure that our ads and drops are in line with how they should be. And generally speaking, there is a mindset of here of being more efficient, more focused on the thing that are going to matter, but we’ll be taking a quick look or a hard look I should say over the next 50, 90 days of additional opportunities where think there is efficiencies in the organization at the streamline SG&A.
Jim Duffy: Okay, and then final question if I may Dave on the retail strategy, specifically the new UGG retail format represented by Disney Springs, can you talk a little bit about that article you spoke to efforts to attract the younger demographic purpose of the stores being more directional in driving sales, help us understand where you're going with that and some of those strategic rationale behind it?
Dave Powers: Yeah, I’m really excited about that store design and if you guys have not -- anybody that hasn’t seen that its worth taking a look at the Disney spring store we just opened a few weeks ago. It represents the new brand positioning, which we rolled out last year, which is much more California casual contemporary. But if you think about the fact that we opened our first store 10 years ago as a footwear store and we've gone 10 years with expanded categories getting into new categories of lounge and apparel and accessories, it's time to evolve our store design and our store experience for our consumer. So, it is a little bit more younger, little more contemporary, little more modern, which we think represents where the brand is today. It does appeal to a younger consumer and it takes in all the things we’ve learned over the last year with regards to service levels, customer experience and a lot of the Omni-Channel capabilities that we've tested over the last two years. So the goal is to use that as the beacon for the brand and then we will take that experience down to our wholesale partners globally through shop and shops partner stores as a part of our long term effort to continue to elevate and reposition the UGG brand.
Jim Duffy: That’s great thanks for that.
Dave Powers: Yeah, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I'd now like to turn the floor back over to Management for any closing remarks.
Angel Martinez: Let me just say it's been an incredible honor and privilege to be the CEO of this company. And I couldn’t be more excited and enthused about Dave Powers stepping into the role. Over the last 11 years I've had this incredible good fortune of working with so many special people to build an incredible success story in Deckers brands and we’ve created tremendous opportunity for a lot of folks. So, I look forward to continuing to assist Dave and the Management Team as we move to the next chapter and it's going to be a great ride.
Dave Powers: Yeah, and I would just add that I’m incredibly grateful for the opportunity to look with Angel and have the support of the Board and the organization I’m very excited to work with an exceptional leadership team that we have at Deckers, the existing leadership as well as new leaders we brought in over the last 18 months. Deckers is a special place. We are best in class in a lot of ways, but most importantly as the culture and in organization and great people that work hard and get after business so, I’m very excited to take on the opportunity that is great opportunity for all of our brands and all of our people globally and were very focused on driving shareholder value over the long term and continuing to do great things at Deceker. So looking forward to it.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-02-04 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Steve Fasching - Vice President Strategy & Investor Relations Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO David Powers - President, Deckers Brands Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co. Corinna Gayle Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Rafe Jason Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Howard Brett Tubin - Guggenheim Securities LLC Jonathan R. Komp - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker)
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands' Third Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Steve Fasching, Vice President of Strategy and Investor Relations. Please go ahead, Mr. Fasching.
Steve Fasching - Vice President Strategy & Investor Relations: Good afternoon, and welcome to everyone joining us today. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements on this call other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These may include statements relating to the company's anticipated financial performance, including its projected revenues, expenses, gross margin, operating margin, capital expenditure, earnings per share, and effective tax rate. These statements may also relate to the company's brand strategies, store expansion plans, inventory management systems and retailer retention policies, business transformation plans as well as the outlook for the company's markets and the demand for its products. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent our current expectations and are based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed, or implied by forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section on its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Given these risks and uncertainties, listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations or as a result of the availability of new information. With that, I'll now turn it over to Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors, Angel Martinez.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Steve, and thank you, everyone, for joining us on today's call. As you saw from our press release, it was a difficult quarter, especially from a top line perspective. Over the past few years, we've made great progress diversifying our brands and product lines and transforming our organization. However, as our business and the retail industry face new challenges, we're taking more aggressive action to accelerate our growth strategies and streamline our operating structure to become more nimble and efficient organization that can adapt effectively to changes in consumer behavior. As you'll recall our third quarter outlook was predicated on seasonal conditions for the period. Instead, December temperatures in our key markets around the world were at or near record highs, leading to a decrease in demand for cold weather product. On top of this the retail industry experienced soft store traffic. We believe some of the decline in traffic was tourist driven, as the U.S. dollar continued to strengthen against most major currencies. It also appeared that the steep discounting many retailers offered in early November led to an early start of the holiday season, which lessened the significance of the weeks leading up to Christmas. For the quarter net sales were $796 million, or $813 million on a constant currency basis, an increase of 3.6% over last year. EPS for the quarter was $4.78 on a reported basis and $5.11 in constant currency, which represents growth of over 13%. Our bottom line benefited from lower than expected SG&A expenses and the lower than expected tax rate. Despite the shortfall versus our guidance, there were several highlights from the quarter that reinforce our confidence in the strategic direction of the company. Starting with UGG, we continue to see strong consumer response to our casual and fashion boot offerings, combined with a very successful launch of the Classic Slim Collection. In many places where temperatures were consistent with historical averages, such as on the West Coast, sell-through was strong. And we are extremely pleased with the performance of HOKA ONE ONE with sales up 73% year-to-date, as the brand continues to gain momentum in the run specialty channel in the U.S. and in Europe. These points validate our strategy to diversify our business and remain important elements of our long-term success. Today we are announcing two changes to our brand operations as part of an ongoing effort to drive efficiencies across our organization. First, we are realigning our brands across two groups, Fashion Lifestyle and Performance Lifestyle. This will change the reporting structure from a portfolio of six independently managed brands to two business groups, which will reduce overhead of brand leadership and sales operations, while streamlining our market attack. The Fashion Lifestyle group will encompass the UGG and Koolaburra brands. We've successfully concluded our search for the President of Fashion Lifestyle and anticipate making an announcement regarding that appointment soon. The Performance Lifestyle group will house the Teva, Sanuk, and HOKA brands. This group is being led by Wendy Yang, who joined the company last spring as Teva Brand President. We are excited to leverage Wendy's extensive footwear experience across several of our brands and believe her brand-building and management capabilities will positively impact our future performance, especially during our spring and summer selling seasons. Second, after recognizing the benefits of improved collaboration and greater operating efficiencies as a result of moving HOKA to our corporate headquarters, we have now decided to move Sanuk to Goleta, and we'll close our office in Irvine, California. Sanuk is an important iconic brand to Deckers. And with this move we believe we can better leverage the Deckers organization to grow this brand. Also we are closing the Ahnu office outside of San Francisco, as we seek strategic alternatives for Ahnu. While this is a small brand within the Deckers portfolio, it has a strong loyal following. And we want to make sure that we optimize the brand's value. These decisions are consistent with the long-term strategic vision that we have established for the company. Collectively, these moves will allow us to better focus our time and commit additional resources to our largest growth opportunities. In addition to these brand changes, we are also evaluating our portfolio of retail stores, with the goal of improving the profitability of our DTC operation, and enhancing how we connect with our consumers. The way in which individuals seek out and buy products and engage with brands continues to evolve. We still recognize the importance of our own stores when it comes to brand awareness, product accessibility, and personalized connections. However, with the proliferation of digital commerce, we will continue to assess the performance levels of our stores, as well as their strategic role in our omni-channel model, to ensure we have the right balance going forward, and that we are focused on the most productive locations. To this end we have identified 20 stores that are candidates for closure, which represents 15% of our fleet. We are also engaging a retail consultancy firm to assist in assessing and implementing additional retail operational improvements. We'll share more details on our fleet optimization effort in our year-end call in May, including the specific amount of charges we'll incur related to the store closings, which will depend on the number of stores and the exact timing of when we exit each specific location. Our guidance in the fourth quarter does not include any SG&A charges for the restructuring. The three changes we've announced today are aimed at creating distribution synergies and operating efficiencies that will allow us to make critical investments in strengthening our brands. Once the changes associated with the brand realignment, office consolidations, and the closure of retail stores are fully implemented, we expect to achieve an annualized SG&A run rate savings of $35 million, of which we plan to reinvest approximately $10 million in the business. Looking further ahead, we are confident that our ongoing transformation, as well as the additional organizational changes we've announced today, will continue to position us well to execute our strategic priorities and profitably grow our business over the long-term. With that I'll turn it over to Dave.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Thanks, Angel. Hello, everyone. As we look deeper into our recent performance and at the changes we are making, we see a great opportunity to further evolve UGG into a stronger, more diversified lifestyle brand and expand our marketplace position. I'm excited to share with you how we will begin to execute this in fall 2016. But first, I'll begin with a review of the third quarter and how our performance is impacting the fourth quarter. While our third quarter was challenging, it produced valuable insights that we are implementing into our go-forward strategies. The performance of our fashion and casual boots, which sold well, and the positive reaction to the launch of the Classic Slim validated our belief that consumers are looking for more innovation from the UGG brand. The shortfall in sales versus our Q3 guidance was driven by our Classics and cold weather product, particularly in the month of December. Sales in December were soft as temperatures across all of our regions reached record or near-record highs. In response to the sluggish start to the month, combined with the fact that we are introducing new Classics featuring improved traction, comfort, and water-resistant treatment in fall 2016, we decided to promote the Classic tall, short, and mini. This promotion drove higher sell-through. However, it wasn't enough to overcome the combination of a strong dollar, general retail malaise, and warm weather. We simply did not see the sales acceleration that normally occurs in the weeks leading up to Christmas. And we also experienced a higher than expected level of cancellations in December and weaker than planned store comps. For the quarter, DTC comps were down 1% but up 1.6% excluding our five major tourist locations in the U.S. Turning to the fourth quarter, the weakness we experienced and the general softness across the retail sector is impacting our outlook. While temperatures have been colder at times and snow finally fell in the Northeast, retailers are being cautious with in-season reorders, as they are working through excess inventories carried over into the new year. For our DTC business, trends improved in January with the onset of colder weather. We are assuming it will remain warmer than normal in parts of the country over the remainder of the quarter given the recent trends. On top of this, the headwind from the decreased foreign tourism has continued to impact our results longer than we expected. Coming out of the difficult holiday period, we have been on the road working closely with our major wholesalers. Our wholesale partners have expressed their continued support for UGG and have embraced our brand strategy with several major accounts committing to buy a more diverse assortment for fall 2016. This includes more casual and fashion boots as well as a wider assortment of Classics which will include a new core Classic, the Slim and Luxe Collections as well as a new collection, the Classic Street. In our ongoing efforts to evolve the UGG brand into a full lifestyle brand and bolster its future growth prospects, we recently established a new brand platform, added new team capabilities and brought in talent. Our women's, men's, kids, and lifestyle categories now have specific product development, marketing, and selling functions. With specialization comes market expertise, which is important, as each of these categories have different strategies to drive their business. It's important to note how our DTC business has helped to build the UGG brand. Our DTC investments have given us an ability to showcase the full UGG brand, including a much broader product line. This has facilitated our diversification strategy and allowed us to establish a direct relationship with consumers. Now that the bulk of the critical investments needed to establish our DTC are in place, we are now increasing our focus on our global wholesale channel, which is the third and largest component of our omni-channel strategy and critical to our long-term success. Three months ago, we hired Stefano Caroti to oversee the global Omni-Channel business, which includes our retail, e-commerce, and wholesale channels. Stefano has been working with the global teams on refining our omni-channel strategies to ensure we are creating and fully optimizing synergies between all the channels. His insight and early contributions have helped to build on our omni-channel vision and accelerate our long-term strategy as we focus on the following four key areas. First, channel and product segmentation. We are now applying a more segmented channel and product approach to the market. We are moving from selling a similar offering to all partners through a strategically segmented offering based on consumer reach, market positioning, and brand experience. This will allow key partners to have a point of differentiation and a more targeted product assortment for their consumers. Second, elevating our brand presentation. We have aligned our marketing team to be more focused by channel and to better support our wholesale partners with targeted marketing assets and more powerful brand presentations. We will focus on showcasing key stories and new product launches in the wholesale channels, just as we do in DTC, to further leveraging our DTC organization to elevate the marketplace. Third, wholesale account focus and optimization. We are moving to a more thoughtful approach to our wholesale distribution by strengthening our relationships with key partners that maintain the premium positioning of the brand and selectively exiting those that don't. We also will be expanding distribution with select retailers globally to reach new consumers and further showcase the breadth of our product offering. It goes without saying that this channel remains a critical component of our business. And finally, retail store right-sizing and reinvesting. As Angel mentioned, we are streamlining our network of stores by closing locations that don't provide strong returns and relocating stores in key cities like New York, Chicago, and San Francisco to higher traffic areas. We will continue to evaluate new store opportunities and open in select locations that provide a high level of operating performance and brand visibility. Additionally, we are engaging a retail consulting firm to help us identify and implement additional retail operational improvements and fine-tune our long-term strategy. These four key areas are critical to maintaining the premium positioning of the brand, further diversifying our business, and elevating our position in the marketplace. Looking forward, with a new leadership team, a refreshed UGG brand, and a more focused and aggressive omni-channel approach, I am confident in our ability to continue to build for the long-term. Our customers have told us that they love our brands and want more compelling product. We are working diligently to make this happen, and I am pleased with the progress we are making. That being said, we are approaching the year ahead conservatively. Not only is it a transition year, but we see the macro level challenges from tourism and the retail revolution continuing. I remain excited and optimistic about all our brands and our ability to drive improved shareholder value with a more streamlined organization, new brand group focus, more profitable retail fleet, and our omni-channel leadership in place. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I begin my review, I want to highlight that Steve Fasching, who you heard from at the start of today's call, was recently promoted to Vice President Strategy and Investor Relations. Steve has been an integral member of our financial leadership team since joining the company four years ago, and I'm confident he will continue to excel in his elevated role. Now to our results, starting with revenue, on a constant currency basis for the quarter, revenue increased 3.6% to $813 million. On a reported basis, revenue increased 1.4% to $796 million. Gross margin was 49.1% in the third quarter compared to 52.9% last year. The change in gross margin was driven by greater than planned promotional activities combined with 110 basis point impact from FX headwinds caused by the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. All the Q3 markdown impact is reflected in our Q3 results, and we do not anticipate any further impact. We continued to show SG&A leverage with third quarter SG&A as a percent of sales at 23.7% compared to 25.6% a year ago. The improvement in SG&A was primarily due to the reduction of performance-based compensation and other sales variable expenses, partially offset by $5 million in store impairments. We remain on track to deliver leverage in fiscal 2016, even with our reduced sales outlook. Our third quarter tax rate was 21.8%, favorable compared to our guidance of 27%. The main driver of this change was the mix of earnings across regions, with domestic business being reduced in proportion to the total company in the third quarter. While this was lower than we planned, it does not reflect our future tax rate expectations. For the quarter, we reported earnings per share of $4.78 versus $4.50 a year ago, which is below our prior guidance of $5 per share. In summary, we missed our sales forecast, but were able to partially offset the impact this had on earnings per share through SG&A savings and a beneficial tax rate. The inventories at the end of Q3 were $371 million, an increase of 26% over the same period last year. The larger than guided increase is mostly due to lower sales recorded in the quarter. As a reminder, last year we ended the fiscal year with a low level of inventory and, as a result, missed some sales opportunities in Q4. This year, we positioned to hold a larger inventory level to meet demand and to chase orders. Unfortunately, not all this anticipated business materialized. The majority of inventory above our guidance is UGG weather slippers and casual boot product that is being carried over into the fall 2016 line. While the levels are higher than we would like, we have already reduced future buys and we'll manage our inventory down to more appropriate levels by the end of this summer, our Q2 fiscal 2017. Regarding share repurchases, as we have indicated on previous calls, working capital requirements combined with a trading window limit our ability to repurchase shares during the quarter. Therefore, we did not repurchase any shares in Q3. As of December 31, 2015, we still have $102.9 million remaining under the $200 million stock repurchase program we announced in January 2015. Now moving on to our outlook. Based on our third quarter results and updated expectations for the fourth quarter, we are reducing our full year guidance. We expect fiscal year 2016 constant currency revenues to increase approximately 5%, or 2.4% on a reported basis. Full year constant currency earnings per share is projected to be approximately $5.15, which now accounts for the reduced tax rate, representing a year-over-year increase of 10.5%. On a reported basis, earnings per share is now projected to be approximately $4.49, representing a decrease of 3.6% over fiscal 2015 earnings per share of $4.66. This guidance assumes gross margins of approximately 46% and SG&A as a percentage of sales of 35.7%. With respect to the fourth quarter, we have updated our revenue guidance to $365 million, 7.2% above last year on a reported basis. Q4 gross margins are projected to be 45.5% and SG&A, as a percentage of sales, is projected to be roughly 44.4%. We now expect Q4 earnings per share of $0.07. Please note that this guidance does not account for the financial impact that the restructuring strategy outlined earlier in the call will impose. We estimate that related activities could reduce future pre-tax income by $20 million to $30 million. As we move forward, we will continue to look for ways to make our organization more efficient while making sure we are investing in areas with the greatest growth opportunities. Over time, we believe the ongoing changes we are making allow us to achieve mid-teen operating margin levels. With that, I'll now turn it over to Angel for his closing remarks.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Tom. And thank you to everyone for joining us today. Our organization has undergone a lot of changes over the past few years, and I'd like to acknowledge and thank our employees for their hard work and the tenacity with which they take on new challenges. It is their ability to embrace and adapt to change that gives me great confidence in our future success. And with that let me turn it over to the operator for Q&A. Operator?
Operator: Thank you. At this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. Our first question comes from the line of Randy Konik from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question, I really appreciate it. Couple questions just real quick. Can you talk about the store closures a little bit, give us more flavor there? You talked about identifying 20 stores I guess. Is there any commonality on what comprises those 20 stores? Are they in certain types of city versus non-city locations or something like that? Can you get any color there? Can you elaborate on – it sounded like you said that in markets where there was temperate climate, like it sounded like California, the sales were, I don't know if you'd call it strong, but in line with expectations. Can you just give us a little more color there? And then lastly, when should we expect the restructuring – or with the SG&A savings, how is that – when is that going to actually hit the income statement? Is that something that we should expect start to occur in the back part of fiscal 2016? How am I supposed to think about when those expense savings – because you give us an annualized number, when those expense savings hit the income statement? Thank you.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Hey, Randy. This is Dave. I'll tackle the first two, and then I hand it over to Tom for the third piece of your question. With regard to the store closing philosophy, there is some commonality that we've looked at across the fleet of stores and the roughly 20 stores that we've identified. And it really comes down to, based on current trends and future outlook, stores that are performing below our threshold of 20% return on sales. But in addition to that stores that we don't believe represent our strategic focus going forward and necessarily in locations that are in line with our strategy of elevating the brand in key cities globally. So it's grouped under those two areas. And it's something we've been monitoring for a while. And with the results in the last quarter, we just felt it was the right time to accelerate that focus, as we continue to optimize our fleet.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: And generally speaking these are freestanding stores. They're not mall-based stores.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Correct.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: And a lot of the locations have been impacted pretty significantly by a lack of tourism.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. And the other thing to keep in mind is a lot of these stores are legacy older locations, where quite frankly traffic has just migrated to other parts of the city. With regards to the comment about cooler weather in key markets, particularly on the West Coast, we did see better results in our West Coast stores because of the cooler than normal trends that we've been seeing in places like California. So comparatively speaking where we saw weather that was more advantageous to cold weather product versus the other rest of the regions and around the globe, we did see better performance than the areas where it was warmer across all categories.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Randy, this is Tom. Of the $35 million of savings, just to add to that, it's not all – that's not all retail stores. Of the $35 million about $20 million, $25 million is retail stores. And the balance of savings we would expect from Sanuk and Teva. But to be real clear...
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Sanuk and Ahnu.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Sanuk and Ahnu, excuse me. To be real clear, that is an annualized rate. It's going to take some time to get to that $35 million. So we won't achieve all that savings in the new fiscal year. A lot of it's going to be a function...
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC: Okay. Thanks very much.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: ...of stores closed.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC: Oh – so I mean do you think that's two quarters to three quarters away?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: It's too early to tell. We really need to go through the store closings, because as I said most of the savings is store closings, and that's a big function when we get those closed. Store closings, there's some science there. You don't want to rush into them too quick and incur too big of charges upfront. So we're also at the same time trying to mitigate some of our cash charges.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yeah.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: So we'd rather carve the right balance of closing them over time over the course of the year. So just to be clear, it's not all that $35 million in savings will be in this year.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC: Understood. Thank you.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Omar Saad from Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thanks. Good afternoon. Hey, I wanted to ask, given kind of how the calendar fourth quarter, fiscal third quarter played out at retail, and the inventories you have and are in the channel still. How do you think about the transition from this winter season into the next year, where you are launching kind of the new kind of reimagined core Classic product? Is that going to postpone that? Or change the way you think about that and how you market that and how you position the brand in the marketplace accordingly? Thanks.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. Great question, Omar. This is Dave. So a couple things. With regards to the past quarter, Classics as a total from a unit perspective were down in sales prior year. But the key thing to remember is that the core Classics is now less than a quarter of our total business. And so when we were going into the quarter with the promotions that we had pulled in the middle of Q3, we adjusted inventory levels in the back end to help us get out of that inventory. So the promotions, accelerating those a little bit earlier allowed us to be much cleaner coming out of Q3 and Q4. And we don't see any major issues with transitioning out of the core Classic and the Bailey Bow and the Bailey Buttons to make room for the new updated Classic that will come in in July. So the way we see it right now, we'll be pretty clean in the market. We'll have leftover core Classics to sell through our outlets next fall, which will be good for that business. And then in wholesale and full price DTC, we'll transition into new Classic in July. I think it's also important to note, as I said, the core Classic now roughly less than a quarter of our total business and non-core Classic 75% of our business. In Q3, those non-core Classics unit sales was up mid-teens, particularly in weather and casuals boots, despite some of the challenges we had. And I think this is a good way to think about our business going forward where core Classics becomes less and less meaningful. It will still be important but the real conversation is about the new product that we brought to the market and the strength of that business going forward, which is in line with our long-term diversification strategies. And I think updating the Classic is just going to make that franchise stronger. But it's not the only conversation, going forward.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Got you, got you. And then, could you talk a little bit more detail around how you're going to be segmenting the market a little more at the retail level? And it sounds like maybe you're going to clean up some of the distribution. Are we reading that right? Any more information on that would be helpful, thanks.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah, I'm really excited about this. This is something that I think has been an opportunity for us for quite a while. And essentially, the way I would think about is, if you think the pyramid of distribution in our key markets, our goal is to elevate the brand closer to the top of the pyramid through DTC and key wholesale accounts that truly represent the best of the brand, treat our consumers and their consumers in a real high quality way from a service perspective, and showcase the brand the way we feel is right for our brand positioning. So what that essentially means is we're going to take more care working with some of these top key retailers, and how we showcase the brand, and how we differentiate product for them, so they have special product, and then working throughout the distribution network to make sure that each level of distribution has the right product for their consumer and their positioning. As we look across the marketplace, we also feel that there are some existing accounts that don't necessarily represent the best of the brand. And we are taking a look at those to see if they will make the cut going forward.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: We now have some pretty important data points that indicate that retailers who really paid attention to what we're doing, followed our advice and diversified the product offering had a much more successful season, in spite of the weather, than those who were predominantly classic-oriented, classic-driven. So we now have all of the data points we need to make a very strong argument about that, with a lot of proof about that. So it's really now time to elevate the entire market into the right direction for the long term.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah, I would also add, Omar, that with the new category leadership, with Jennifer Somer and Rob Koenen and the brand team focused on each of these individual categories, you're going to see a much more intensified focus from a category perspective, in key accounts across the marketplace. So dedicated focus on men's and expanding distribution, quality distribution in men's, same with kids and lifestyle products, while we continue to elevate and diversify the women's business as well. I think it's going to be – you're going to see a different brand in the future.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Great. Thanks for your help. Good luck.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Taposh Bari from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys, good afternoon. I guess the question on...
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Hi, Taposh.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: How are you, Angel? On the discounting this past holiday, so obviously, some unprecedented promotions for the UGG brand. Curious to get your perspective on how the customer responded to the discounting activity, and how the retailers responded in particular? I know that there's obviously a negotiation around who eats and how the economics of that discount are shared. But I'd love to better understand the postmortem on how that played out versus your expectations. And also, how you're thinking about promotions going forward for fall, winter of 2017 – sorry, fall, winter of 2016? Thanks.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. Going into the quarter, obviously, this is something that the brand hadn't experienced before and hadn't planned before. And as we mentioned in the last call and some of the conversations, we were planning on transitioning the Classics assortment. So the strategy played into a big part of the decision to drive these markdowns. As we said, the Bailey Bow and Bailey Button was part of that strategy and accelerating the core Classics in the last few weeks of December. I would say, it was the right thing for the brand to be able to clear that inventory. There were some nervousness in our wholesale accounts as to what it was going to mean. But ultimately, for the most part, what it did is it helped accelerate sales for our key accounts and help give them a better inventory position which made the marketplace healthier overall and it puts us in a better position going forward to have less liability out there in the marketplace as we transition into the new classic. If we hadn't taken these markdowns, we would've been looking at a different top line sales number. And I think the upside that we saw from those promotions in our DTC channels was significant. Going forward, with regards to comping these promotions, we do not plan on comping these promotions, we don't plan on becoming a promotional brand. But that said, we are going to have to play in the competitive marketplace and be a little bit more planful in how we plan our margins and manage inventory but we're getting better at that. And the other good benefit of the discounting is we've got more consumers into the brand, which is something we talked about in the last couple of calls as well. So strategically, I feel really good about the decision and I think it benefit us for the long-term. And with regards to our key accounts and partnerships, gave them accelerated sales when they needed it and helped them get cleaner on their inventories.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thanks for that, Dave. And then, Tom, a quick one for you on the outlook. What's driving the lower revenue guidance for the fourth quarter? Is it strictly UGG or is it also the timing or the actual revenues associated with the non-UGG brands? And then as we think about next year, last quarter you had spoken about UGG or pure and other supply chain initiatives helping the gross margin line by about 100 basis points and the hope for SG&A leverage, is that still the plan? And I guess, how are you thinking about orders next year and when do you expect to have more visibility into how the revenue outlook shakes out for 2017? Thanks.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: For the fourth quarter, it's a combination of things. We're just taking a more cautious outlook for not only the UGG brand but also the other brands, as well as our Direct-to-Consumer business, because we just think that's the appropriate way to handle it, the guidance for the fourth quarter at this point in time. As far as next year, it's very early in our planning process. We're still very early in the pre-booking process and that obviously is a big input into our overall planning for next year. Now some of the things we're thinking about are some more conservative planning for the weather-sensitive product. We need to realize there's still going to be pressure on Direct-to-Consumer because of the dollar and the tourism. The Direct-to-Consumer business, the impact from the retail store closures, and we do feel that we'll have continued growth in e-commerce and HOKA. For gross margins, we still feel sheepskin should get about 100 bps, a benefit there. That said, this early stage we need to be cautious about continued pressure from reduced store counts and the non-UGG brands, the growth we get there that puts some pressure on gross margin. And the changing retail landscape, because of all the promotional environment. On the SG&A side, we talked about, on an annualized basis, the $35 million of savings but that's going to take a while. That won't all happen fiscal year in 2017 and we want to reinvest some of that, especially when we're looking at still evaluating some additional marketing money for HOKA and UGG. And the budgets aren't finalized so we really can't make a call at this point in time on overall SG&A. And another thing to keep in mind to think about next year, we expect tax to be a pretty good headwind this year, vis-à-vis what the rate was and what the rate is going to end up being this year.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. I would just add onto that, Taposh, is I think that from my perspective at least, the brands are very healthy. All the brands in the portfolio, especially with the new focus we have on them going forward and the refreshed point of view from the UGG brand, stronger than they've ever been. But I think the macro headwinds that we've all seen across the marketplace, not just Deckers, but across all brands and retailers, we don't really see those subsiding for a while. And we're planning, even though we feel really confident in the brands that we want to be a little more conservative until we see turnaround in things like the dollar and tourism and just in general market malaise to retail. So the confidence within our brands is high, but just being realistic with the macro headwinds.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Understood. Best of luck.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Corinna Van der Ghinst from Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Corinna Gayle Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Hi. Good afternoon, guys. I was wondering if you, guys, could give us any just update around pricing on the new Classics 2 product or general thoughts around ASPs for the upcoming year.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. I think on the core Classic, or the updated core Classic, you're going to see similar retails to the previous ones. But if you look at the broader mix of Classics, you still have the Classic Slim was at a higher price point and it's going to be a much more significant piece of the total. The Classic Luxe will be more significant than it was last year and the Classic Street, which is a new introduction, will be comparable price points as well. So ASPs for next year across the Classics franchise should be flat to higher especially comping some of the promotions and I think that is because of better – gives us a better mix of variety and style and price points in that franchise as a whole.
Corinna Gayle Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay. Great. And then I know you guys mentioned that some of the fashion and casual products were some highlights throughout the quarter. And I was just wondering how that – how those segments performed versus your original plan going into the quarter. And then also just any color on men's, kids, and Europe in the quarter, please. Thanks.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. So the non-core Classics performed very well. Weather was up over 100%. Casuals was up over 25%, 30%. And I would say, from a sell-through perspective, they were strong. What we didn't see is the increased purchase in season on cold weather product that we had bought into in case the weather was colder than expected. But with regards to what we sold in and sell through of some of that new casual product and rain boots which is part of our weather category, as expected or better than expected sell-through, we just didn't see the uptick in the cold weather product, in the winter product that we normally see.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: The men's was up about 26%, which is very significant. Our slipper business was up 16% or so. Fashion was up over 25%. So we did have great performance from this non-core product which is a strategy that we've been striving toward and moving to over the last few years as you know.
Corinna Gayle Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yep.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Camilo Lyon from Canaccord Genuity. Please proceed with your question.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Just on the inventory composition, can you help us understand what the difference is between the December 31 UGG inventory and where it stands today? We've been hearing that there's another round of clearing out of product at retail, given the cold weather that we had in January. I'm wondering if that had helped your business as well. And then, just, if you could disaggregate what the spring inventory composition is in that number, relative to the Classic inventory that you will be carrying over into outlets next season.
Steve Fasching - Vice President Strategy & Investor Relations: Yeah. So this is Steve, Camilo. On the inventory – basically, what we've said – and it might help if I give a little bit of background – so, we've been talking about this year carrying elevated levels of inventory over last year, because, as you'll recall, last year, we had low levels, and actually missed out on sales in Q4. So knowing that – and we've talked about it in the last couple of quarters about carrying really elevated inventory in terms of weather product, including cold weather slippers and casual boots. So if you look at the guidance that we gave, which we kind of said, at 12/31, we'd be up in line with sales, which would indicate kind of more like a $320 million number, and where we ended was a $371 million, so roughly $50 million of kind of increased inventory at 12/31 versus what we expected. The bulk of all that increase was really cold weather product, some slippers and some casual boot. And the good news, if there's good news in that, is really that that's carryover product. So that's product we feel we can carry over into fall of 2016, really without taking any margin impact on that. So we're comfortable carrying that over to fall. To your point, as some of the weather has turned cold, we'll see some of that inventory move. But the other is, with that being carryover product, we're able to adjust our buys over the summer. So we've already reduced buys of those categories. So we think that inventory gets in line really by the end of summer, which is our Q2 fiscal 2017.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. That's helpful. And then my follow-up question – it's a multi-part question. So trying to understand you're bringing great innovation to the line across the Classics business. And you're increasing the weather and the fashion component as well. But you also face obviously the weather headwinds. How are the discussions going on with your retail partners, trying to embrace the innovation, but safeguard against the weather unknowns, as it relates to fall 2016? And are you still taking the stance to further reduce the exposure to your core Classics in the backlog to the same magnitude as you did this prior season?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah, good question. We're still in the middle of sorting that out. It's still early in the pre-book season for us. Essentially, what I would say is you're going to see a migration more towards casual boots, because of the success there has been strong. And I would say just more a consistent level of investment in Classics going forward, meaning core Classic. So I think that what I like about the future for us and how the conversations are going is it's a much more balanced assortment. It starts to get a little less cold weather dependent. But fortunately for us key retailers have seen the success in the non-core and non-weather products such as the casual boots. And I think you're going to see a continued migration in a positive way to those new categories, while still maintaining a healthy core business along with it. I think the...
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: And if I could just sneak one in – sorry, go ahead.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: No, I was going to say the good news in this is we will be less reliant on one item to make the season for us going forward.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. And then just a clarification on the segmentation strategy. Is that to suggest that there is going to be – in the context of also rationalizing some of the non-brand supporting distribution. Is that to suggest that there is going to be net reduction in doors of distribution, flat, or increase in doors of distribution next year?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: It's probably too early to give you color on that. Stefano [Caroti] and the teams are out working on that right now, so I'd say by the end of our next call we can have more detail on that.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Okay. Thanks very much. Good luck.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rafe Jadrosich from Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Rafe Jason Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my questions. So you mentioned the excess inventory you're carrying forward into next year. Can you just talk about sort of the levers you have to clear through that by the fiscal second quarter of 2017? And then how that might impact the brand?
Steve Fasching - Vice President Strategy & Investor Relations: Yeah. This is Steve again, Rafe. It's – so the product that we talked about, that excess that I was talking about, that's really product that we will carry next fall. So the opportunity that we have is to really reduce our buys, which we've already done. So some of the non-carryover of inventory that we have, we're working through that in the current quarter. The carryover product that we know we'll be carrying again in fall, we've already reduced those buys. That's why the inventory comes in line by the end of summer, because that's material typically we manufacture over the summer and take delivery by late summer.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. And the other non-carryover product is good product that we can sell in our outlet store and help that business as well. So there's not a lot of liability sitting out there. It's good product that, as Steve said, is going to help our business in the fall. And we'll wind that down. And then a lot of that clearance is fuel for the outlets.
Rafe Jason Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it. And then on the mid-teens operating margin goal for longer term, can you just give some color on what sort of the drivers are to that? Like how much of it is gross margin versus SG&A? Should we be thinking it's more SG&A now going forward with the new initiatives?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: It's still early in the planning process. That said we're going to continue to work on our operating expense savings and efficiencies within the organization, not only our back room kind of initiatives and savings, but also just how we run the business on a global basis and continue to look at product design and development, trying to gain more efficiencies there. And at the same time we're going to continue. On the gross margin side we have a lot of initiatives in place and a lot of visibility around further initiatives there that can help our input costs, not only with factories but also materials and SKU rationalization and more SKU efficiency. So there's a lot of different factors that make us comfortable that we can still drive for a mid-teens operating margin in the long run.
Rafe Jason Jadrosich - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Howard Tubin from Guggenheim Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Howard Brett Tubin - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hey, guys. Thanks. Maybe from a – if we look back this season from a marketing perspective, maybe give us some color on which one of your programs and which programs you think were most successful/ And what should we expect to see from a marketing point of view for the UGG brand going forward into 2016?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. Great question, Howard. We learned a lot this past quarter from a marketing perspective. A couple things I could highlight. The Luxe launch, which was a very targeted launch for us early in the season on a singular item with the right level of creative, I would say was very successful. And we learned that we can really put some power behind the launches with a – what I would say, a more robust campaign but very focused on a consumer and a positioning in product. The other thing that we learned, which you're going to see more going forward, is that our consumer is trying to understand how to wear our product. And so the partnership we did with Rachel Zoe where we showcased how to style the product and use our social channels to bring that content to the consumer was very effective, particularly when we launched the Slim campaign, the umbrella of big launches was also very successful for us and that was in line with what Rachel Zoe did in showcasing that product. So, going forward, you're going to see a more concerted effort on storytelling, on big launches, and on more, what I would say, real and authentic creative versus glossy fashion shoe creative, bringing our consumers into the conversation, using generated content and really talking about the benefits of the product and how to wear our product from a style perspective.
Howard Brett Tubin - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yep.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jonathan Komp from Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Jonathan R. Komp - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah. Hi. Thank you. Maybe, Tom, just first to follow up on the fourth quarter guidance, I think you mentioned lower DTC assumptions as one of the factors supporting the lower guidance. I just wanted to reconcile, I think you also said you'd seen a pickup in DTC in January, so is it just that you're expecting softer trends during the balance of the quarter or maybe if you could just clarify the fourth quarter guidance for that part?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. I think January is helpful, but then the rest of the quarter tails off pretty quickly. So we want to just make sure we're cautious in the outlook there. So, that's it.
Jonathan R. Komp - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Got it. Thank you. And then looking forward to 2017, I understand it's early, I guess you talked kind of directionally about a number of headwinds and tailwinds with the closures and a number of other pressures on the business maybe offset by some of the new marketing and product initiatives that you have. When you sit here today and kind of roll all those factors up, do you think 2017 can be a year that you grow the UGG brand revenue? Or do you think that the headwinds will be too much for that to happen?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: I think it's just still too early in the process. There's just too many moving parts too early in the process to throw out. And we gave you the assumptions in the areas that we're looking at and the different levers we have and the different elements we're addressing, but it's just still too early to make a call on a lot of this.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah, I think part of that is we feel confident in our offense for the back half of this coming year, but a lot of it depends on retailers that are just finishing their fiscal year and understanding what their plans for open to buy are going to be going forward. They're trying to understand the impacts of the weather to their retail locations and on their consumer. And what it means for their open to buy and the mix of brands. So the conversations we've been having with our accounts are positive. We feel very confident in our go-forward plan, but I think people are still trying to understand what the macro level issues are and how they adapt to it.
Jonathan R. Komp - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mitch Kummetz from B. Riley. Please proceed with your question.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thanks. Maybe to start with just a follow-up on Jon's first question about DTC. I know you're being more conservative, but what is the comp assumption? I mean are you expecting negative mid-single-digits or what's the number? I was hoping you could provide that?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Negative mid-single-digits.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Q4?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Q4. Yeah, yeah.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: All right. And then, Tom, towards the end of your prepared remarks – I don't know if I just, if I didn't hear you correctly, I thought you said something about – I know you expect over time the restructuring to save you $30 million in SG&A. But I thought you said something about a pre-tax income reduction of $20 million to $30 million? Did I hear that correctly, or what exactly was that, or...?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Mitch, what that was is a separate item, and that is an estimate of the one-time charges we expect from our...
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Okay.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: ...brand realignment and the store closures.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Got it. Okay. All right. And then – maybe two last quick ones. How are you guys going to manage the Classic, the new Classic inventory in the back half? I know it was – you kind of change the way you do that this year by steering the retailers more towards fashion casual weather stuff. And you kind of back-stopped them by holding the inventory and making it available for in-season order. I mean are you going to kind of maintain that philosophy going into fall 2016? Or are you not going to do that and ask them to pre-book more of that than you did this past year?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah, I think generally speaking, Mitch, we're going to be conservative with core Classic inventories going forward. I think as we continue to try to migrate the consumer to other areas of the business, make sure that we're not over-distributed with the core Classics and the new launch of that, and create some excitement and demand. So we're not going to over-buy based on upside. We're going to plan it what we think the right level is. And if we have to chase some sales, I'd rather be in the position of chasing sales than have too much out there when we launch it.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Okay. And then lastly, on the store closings. I know that the timing's difficult to know. But there is any urgency to try to get these stores closed before the first fiscal quarter, which, if I'm not mistaken, tends to be a pretty big loss quarter for you guys? And I think a lot of that has to do with the stores being, I don't know, maybe – I don't want to say unprofitable, but being a headwind kind of to that quarter?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah, Tom can jump in here. But generally speaking, we're in negotiations with landlords globally. It's a pretty complex task, and that's why we have a retail consultant helping us out to validate our assumptions and help us work through this. And it really comes down to looking at each individual lease, when these leases come up for renewal. And they're different, obviously, in every location. So what we're trying to do is get as many as we can into the rest of FY 2016 into Q4. But it all depends on how fast we can get these negotiations going. It certainly benefits us to get more into FY 2016 so we're cleaner going into FY 2017. But we won't have true visibility to what that number is until we get through the next couple of months of negotiations.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed with your question.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. Just a couple for me. I guess, first, just on the global pricing strategy. Dave, could you just talk about China in particular? You took your pricing down a couple of quarters ago. How has the consumer response been so far? And then are there any other regions that you need to sharpen a little bit further?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. It's interesting. The initial price reductions in China going up in through November were very positive. There was a little bit of reduction in ASP, obviously, across the board, but their revenue was strong. And where we saw headwinds was the same with the rest of our markets in December due to weather. So the positive impact that we expected from price reductions we've got, but it was offset in the back half and end of the quarter by the weather challenges.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: And as far as the rest of the other products in the market around the world, the new innovation and new product allows us to enter those – enter product into those markets that's more price-appropriate. So we're not so dependent on Classic yet. A lot of the new product that's coming in is priced at a more accessible level and that's in the total mix. We now have a much broader price assortment for consumers and whereas in the beginning when we first started selling in those markets, everything was Classic dependent.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. Exactly.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): And you feel pretty good about the health of the Classic pricing in markets like Japan and Europe?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah, we do. And as we said last quarter, we raised prices slightly in Europe and that didn't have the negative impact. It was fine. The Slim introduction was priced right. The Luxe introduction was priced right for that market, same in Japan and China and North America. So I think we're in pretty good shape going forward.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Got it. And then just if I can, on the Koolaburra brand, can you just talk a little bit more about your strategic view at the point? And then just how do you assess the timeline of ramping that to be more of a commercial product across the globe?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. I'm pretty optimistic for the long-term opportunities in Koolaburra. We've been working with some select key accounts, sizable accounts for a launch this fall and the goal there is to keep back of house and internal operations lean and also keep our account base lean. So big box footwear chains is a primary focus right now. So we don't – we haven't opened this up to independents and we're going to launch with the big guys so we can get the broadest reach as soon as we can with a minimal overhead to manage that business in the short-term and then ramp it from there.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): And, I mean, is that something that you – we should start to anticipate as we get into the back half of calendar 2016 or how do you see that kind of big box guys responding to the ramp there?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: The conversations have been positive, very receptive. A lot of excitement around the products and not necessarily just the core product but more of the Koolaburra fashion product. They feel that the quality, the styling, the price is very competitive. But it's still early. We haven't finalized any of those conversations with any of those key partners yet. So we'll have color on that at the next call.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Okay. And then, just last, just going back to one of Omar's questions on just wholesale rationalization. I mean, does that imply that you are pulling back on the independent channel? And then just remind us, how big is that channel for you guys today? Thanks.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Well, the independent channel is important and critical for us, and always will be for all of our brands. And I'm not in a position to say what the new makeup of that channel's going to be, because again, it's still early. There's two goals there. One is to have our independents buy a broader assortment of the brand. And that means buying men's and kids, as well as just women's and beyond just core Classics. So there's an opportunity for us there. And also, making sure that the ones that aren't necessarily productive from a use, spend of time and return on sales for us and also, how the brand shows up, those are the ones we're having conversations with regards to potentially closing those doors. But it's still very early in the conversation, and I wouldn't feel comfortable committing to any numbers yet.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Got it. Fair enough. And then – sorry, if I could just go back to the Koolaburra question, just in terms of the channels with the majors, should we assume it's more of the Macy's, not the existing partners that you are selling into UGG, so it will be differentiated by what you're already selling with the UGG brand?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. No, that's a good thing to clarify, Erinn. It will be very different segmentation distribution than the UGG brand. And that is purposeful, strategic, and think of people like Famous Footwear versus a Nordstrom.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Got it. And the price point differential, again?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Below $100 (62:33) for Koolaburra, and you know the UGG pricing.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Yeah, absolutely. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd now like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing remarks.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Well, clearly, it was a difficult quarter, but I think you've seen and heard from this conversation that we're taking aggressive action to streamline our business and further consolidate around the opportunity that we have to continue to grow revenue and earnings. We feel that, in the long run, shareholders will benefit from the power of the brands, and very optimistic about the future, and all of the talent that we have that's all pulling on the same rope to make things happen. So thank you all for being on the call, and I appreciate your time.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude tonight's teleconference. Thank you for your time and participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time and have a wonderful rest of your day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2015-10-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Brendon Frey - Managing Director-Retail, Apparel & Footwear, ICR LLC Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO David Powers - President, Deckers Brands Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co. Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker) Corinna Gayle Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Howard Brett Tubin - Guggenheim Securities LLC Jim V. Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Second Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Brendon Frey, Managing Director of ICR.
Brendon Frey - Managing Director-Retail, Apparel & Footwear, ICR LLC: Welcome everyone joining us today. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These may include statements relating to the company's anticipated financial performance, including its projected revenues, expenses, gross margin, operating margin, capital expenditures, earnings per share, and effective tax rate. These statements may also relate to the company's brand strategies, store expansion plans, inventory management systems, retailer retention policies, business transformation plan as well as the outlook for the company's markets and the demand for its products. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent our current expectations and are based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed, or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including the risk factors section on its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Given these risks and uncertainties, listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations or as a result of the availability of new information. As a reminder, we have posted supplemental information about the 2016 second quarter in a document entitled second quarter fiscal 2016 commentary. This document is on our corporate website at www.deckers.com. You can access this document by clicking on the Investor Information tab and then scrolling down to the Featured Reports heading. With that, I'll now turn it over to Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors, Angel Martinez.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Well thanks, Brendon. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. With me on the call is Dave Powers, President; and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Today, I'll begin with an overview of our second quarter results, and review each brand's performance. I'll then turn the call over to Dave, who'll provide an update to the key areas of focus that he laid out last quarter and the initiatives we have in place to drive our business in the back half of the year. Then we'll turn it over to Tom, who will provide more details on our performance in Q2, our guidance for Q3 and the year, an update on our sheepskin and UGGpure prices for next year as well as our long-term financial drivers. In the second quarter, we had record revenues of $487 million, or $506 million on a constant currency basis, an increase of 5.4% over last year. EPS for the quarter was $1.11 on a reported basis and $1.42 in constant currency, which represents growth of over 21%. Both our top and bottom line results were in line with our expectations keeping us on track to achieve our full year guidance. Our recent and projected full year performance would not be possible without the investments we've made over the last several years. The majority of these investments have been directed toward five key areas. Number one, Omni-Channel; number two; product innovation; number three, marketing; number four, people and number five, international expansion. I'd like to take a moment to reflect on the progress we've made in these areas. Since 2010, we've expanded our global footprint and connected our stores and e-commerce sites to create one of the leading Omni-Channel platforms in our industry. We've introduced compelling new products that have broadened our brand's commercial appeal and extended their selling seasons. We've increased our marketing spend by investing in campaigns that showcase the lifestyle nature of our brands, highlight key products and deliver more personalized consumer connections. We've added leadership throughout the organization that has significantly improved our capabilities and processes, and allowed us to execute on a global scale. And we've dramatically increased control of our brands outside the U.S. by converting from a distributor model to a direct subsidiary model in key countries throughout Europe and Asia. These critical investments have transformed our company and the transformation continues. Even during this investment phase, we've continued to demonstrate our commitment to returning value to shareholders by repurchasing more than $417 million of our common stock since 2011. We now begin the next chapter in our history that we believe will be marked by leveraged gains from consistent top-line growth and moderating expense growth as we move toward our goal of mid-teen operating margin. I am very excited by what we've created and the value that we are poised to deliver for our shareholders. Now to the brand's individual Q2 performances, beginning with UGG. Sales grew 5.3% in constant currency driven by selling of the brand's widest assortment ever of weather, casual boots and specialty classics. This was a result of guiding our wholesale customers last spring to ship their fall order book into non-core categories and committing that we would carry core classic inventory to chase demand in season. In line with this strategy, initial sell through of our non-core collections have been strong across all channels. One particular highlight has been the performance of the Shaye, a new rainboot. Its success demonstrates that the weather category is a power natural extension for the brand. Our early reads on our casual and weather boots put us in a strong position to drive sales as we move into holiday and the rest of the fall season. Along with pre-booking more non-core product, we also took deeper inventory positions in key weather and casual styles, which will allow for reorders of this product in season. In the quarter, demand for core classics was softer than anticipated. That said, this has always been a relatively low volume quarter for core classics given the high average temperatures during the period. In the years when we get a cold September, we've seen strong early sell through as sales of core classics tend to correlate more closely with cold weather than our other collections. We saw this in the quarter on the handful of days when the temperatures dropped. However, for the most part it was a pretty warm September across most of the U.S. On top of this, domestic sales of core classics has also been pressured by the decline in foreign tourist traffic as a result of the strong dollar. Typically, when international tourists shop at our domestic stores, they purchase core classics and often multiple pairs. We believe a significant component of the softness in core classics we've seen in Q2 is a result of a fewer foreign tourists. Dave will speak to the initiatives we have in place to drive sales of our classic franchise across all channels in the back half of the year and longer term. Now to HOKA ONE ONE, which grew 51% fueled by growing demand for the brand's expanded line of running shoes and new introductions like the hiking collection. HOKA's authentic position in the running community, which was forged through delivering an improved experience for serious runners, is providing a great foundation for growth as we target a larger consumer audience. Runners of all types are increasingly embracing the brand, thanks to positive word of mouth and despite a very modest marketing budget compared to our running shoe competitors. One example was at this year's IRONMAN World Championships, HOKA was the number three most worn shoe brand in the race compared to the number six last year and ahead of competitors like Brooks and Newton. HOKA's rapid rise is a testament to the power of the brand, the quality of the product and the hard work of the HOKA team. As we continue to drive top line sales, we're conscious of operating efficiencies and have made the decision to move the brand to the leader to create more synergies and opportunities. Teva sales were down 11.8% in constant currency as we had expected. The decrease in sales was largely due to the timing of orders as more orders shifted to Q1 this year versus last year. For the quarter, there was strong selling of women's and men's boots, which is helping extend the brand's selling season deeper into the year. The brand had particular strength in the women's Delavina boot collection and the newly introduced men's Durban boot. The original sandals continue to sell well and remain relevant even in colder months with socks and sandals emerging as a fashion trend and key appearances at this year's New York and Paris Fashion Week. Turning to Sanuk. Sales for the quarter were down 9%. The decline was primarily due to fulfillment issues as we transitioned the brand to our Moreno Valley distribution center. For the quarter, the Yoga Sling collection continued to sell well and we had success with our recently launched women's shoe collection, particularly with a shoe called the Bianca. The men's canvas collection also sold well, which is encouraging as this category is the key driver of Sanuk's long term success. At Moreno Valley, there is still work to do, but we believe we had turned the corner on the fulfillment issues. The transition of Moreno Valley has not affected the other brands to the same degree as it has Sanuk, especially UGG, as all women's product is serviced from our Camarillo distribution center. Overall, I'm very pleased to see that the product and distribution strategy that we are executing for each of our brands are producing quality sales growth and providing us good momentum heading into the back half of the year. The combination of our top line performance and expense controls resulted in operating leverage for the second quarter, a goal we have been driving hard towards in fiscal 2016 following a period of strategic investments in our brand and infrastructure to support long term sustainable growth. Our results give me added confidence that we're on the right path to enhancing profitability and creating greater value for our shareholders as we become an even more efficient organization. With that, I'll now turn it over to Dave, who'll give you more insights on our plans for the second half of the year.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Thank you, Angel. As Angel just mentioned, we are excited as we enter into our busiest selling season and about the opportunities that lie ahead of us. This year we have made a number of strategic changes that put us in a strong position to execute our plans for the year. We have evolved our product to be more closely tailored to current trends and modified the assortment in each of our distribution channels to better align with our consumer demand. We have also better support for our products through more targeted marketing campaigns and enhanced analytics. I'll share more with you on these changes in a minute. Today, I'm going to touch on four areas of the business, providing you with updates on our progress and our plans going forward. First, I'll review the results of our DTC business. Second, I'll cover how we are unleashing the UGG brand this fall and holiday. Third, I'll discuss how we are driving efficiencies to transform our organization. And finally, I'll update you on our outlook in Q4. First, I would like to address the results of our DTC business, which includes retail and e-commerce. As a reminder, we report our DTC business on a combined basis as this better reflects how our management team manages and evaluates our business in light of the evolution of our Omni-Channel strategy. As we have discussed previously, the principal reason for this view are due to the interconnectedness of our retail and e-commerce business and the ways in which they feed off each other as well as how we communicate and build relationships with our consumers. Our DTC comp for the quarter was down mid single digits. This was driven primarily by declines in five of our domestic concept locations, Madison Avenue, Honolulu, Las Vegas, San Francisco and Miami, which we attribute to lower tourist traffic as a result of the strong U.S. dollar. Excluding these specific locations, DTC comps were slightly positive for the quarter. While the strong dollar has created pressure domestically, we believe we have been able to capture those consumers as they stay home to shop because of the investments we have made in our international DTC operations, further validating our global Omni-Channel strategy. As a result, our DTC comps outside of the U.S. were up low double digits in Q2. Our comp stores continue to generate strong average four-wall operating margins in excess of 25% on a trailing 12 month basis due to our inventory management and OpEx control. We are very pleased with the profitability of our overall store fleet, especially our non-comp stores, which overall continue to perform above our expectations. Nevertheless, we continue to monitor store performance and closed three stores in the quarter. This brings our store closure count to six for this year. Looking ahead, we still plan to open 11 net new stores this fiscal year and open 26 partner doors in China. This will bring our partner store count in China to 49 doors by the end of the year. Additionally, this fall we will add 15 pop-up stores globally. Last year, we tested pop-ups for the first time and had great return on sales with low build-out cost. We believe the pop-ups will allow us to test new markets and drive revenue during our peak season. I continue to be confident in our ability to deliver a low single-digit DTC comp for the year for several reasons. First, we have concentrated our marketing, key product launches and in-store activations for the fall and winter season. We believe this is a better use of our investments and focus as over 75% of our annual DTC sales come in the back half of the year. Second, we believe the impact that the decline in foreign tourism is having on our DTC business comps will begin to ease in Q3 and Q4. This is because our E-Commerce business typically makes up a greater portion of the DTC comp and is less impacted by foreign tourism. Also, we began to lap the decline in foreign tourist traffic we experienced last year as a result of the strengthening dollar. Despite the pressure on the DTC comp in Q2, on a consolidated basis, we performed to the company's top line target as we were able to drive revenue in other areas of the business. We believe this is a testament to our balanced Omni-Channel approach and our brand diversification strategy. While the decline in foreign tourism is beyond our control, we have a number of product and marketing initiatives that we feel will unleash the UGG brand and capture consumer's attention to drive our DTC business. Let me explain. In comparison to years past, this fall and holiday, we have concentrated our marketing efforts and have our strongest product line up ever to go after the season in a big way. UGG is the footwear brand for holiday and always one of the most top searched brands of the season. This year, we are leveraging our position by amplifying our marketing and elevating our classics and slipper franchises, while driving growth through a wider assortment of casual and weather boots. Our marketing will be more impactful than in the past, focusing on the key style that drives the business and advertising in high visibility media outlets. We will be creating excitement and awareness through influential partnerships, geo-targeted digital medial and social placements and we will be leveraging our consumer analytics to drive incremental sales through our email database and search optimization. For this fall and holiday, we are making a big push around the total classics franchise which is something we admittedly did not devote enough attention to last year. We have both innovative new product and marketing support to drive this business and evolve the perception of the brand. As we detailed on the last call, this year we have added two new lines to the franchise with the luxe and slim styles. These two new lines offer existing UGG consumers a new occasion to wear classics as well as attract new consumers into the franchise. In August, we debuted the Luxe Collection. Luxe is our most premium line in the classics franchise and uses high end Moreno lining. The luxe launch was ticked up across top fashion and industry publications like Vogue and Refinery29. It was worn on the runway at New York Fashion Week. We are very pleased with the sales to-date and for what this collection has done globally to elevate the brand. Luxe has also created great momentum for the introduction of the classic slim, which will launch on November 4. Slim will be our biggest product launch since the debut of the UGG classic boot. With the launch of the classic slim collection, the brand has further rounded out its classic offering. In celebration of this moment, the brand will unveil a global holiday campaign which captures the emotional feelings of warmth and comfort that forms the foundation of the UGG brand. To further drive awareness of the classic slim as a perfect gift of the season, the teams will implement a focused PR push and amplify in-store merchandising to drive sales. Going forward, we will continue to drive innovation into our classics franchise. For next fall, we are currently working on plans to evolve our core classic styles. This next evolution is based on consumer insights and addresses consumer feedback. We are excited to share with you more details on the next evolution of the core classic in the coming months as we continue to transform the UGG brand. This year, we are more strategic with our plans to drive awareness and sales at key times and we are better prepared to optimize the sales opportunity in the weeks around Black Friday and Cyber Monday. During this time, our efforts will focus on driving traffic to our e-commerce sites and on activations in our outlet stores. Then in December, we will turn our focus to key gift giving items led by our slippers to drive these items like never before. We are supporting our gift giving items and slipper business with increased investments in non-branded search, social media and a program in our North American stores. Then, later in December, we will launch our third annual winter campaign, which will place an elevated focus on the cold weather Adirondack collection. The past two winter campaigns have been successful, but we have incurred stock outs on many of the weather products before the campaigns were launched. This year, we will be in a much better position to support our campaign with inventory. So, as you've just heard, we have more targeted campaigns and more powerful product this year to truly unleash the power of UGG during our most important season. Shifting gears, as we've talked about previously, we have been working on disciplined processes to drive efficiencies across the organization and looking at our total operations for ways to further reduce costs. This began last year with our business transformation project, which we believe will help create more visibility in our planning process and improve our systems to support our Omni-Channel growth. Our major focus from a supply chain perspective is on optimizing our product assortment and concentrating on the products that drive the most volume. We anticipate this will help reduce our development costs and free-up our supply chain to improve our delivery times and speed-to market. We are also continuing to focus on our retail operating model and are finding ways to make that business even more efficient. In addition, we are creating efficiencies within the organization by finding ways to lever our brand portfolio from how we negotiate with our suppliers and factories to how we sell product to wholesalers and market to our consumers. More than ever, our company is operating as a collective unit and leveraging our expertise across the organization. The management changes over the last year have facilitated increased collaboration across the organization that is allowing us to leverage our brand, consumer insight data and marketing efforts. For example, this past quarter, we utilized the UGG email database to advertise cross-brand product and had great success. Looking ahead, we will continue to leverage our brands to build off one another. Many of these initiatives are long-term and we'll continue to update on our progress. Another initiative is product licensing opportunities. Recently, we entered an agreement for our home line and we will continue to explore other UGG non-footwear opportunities. By licensing these businesses, it allows us to redeploy time, talent, and capital to more productive areas of the business to improve our returns on invested capital. This decision stems from our routine examination of our portfolio and our focus on establishing operational guardrails that set performance targets. In addition, we also recently streamlined the reporting structure of our operations in Asia Pacific. This has allowed us to consolidate operations in APAC in order to eliminate redundancies, reduce SG&A and allowing our resources with our business priorities. Across the organization, we are moving faster than ever to get after short-term and long-term drivers of the business to grow revenue, expand gross margins, lever expenses and improve our operating returns over the next several years. Finally, we continue to book our Spring 16 business and now have better visibility into Q4. The order book of our brand is materializing as we expected. For UGG, growth will come primarily from weather and causal boots as well as end of season close outs. For HOKA, the brand is expanding its distribution with new retailers and growing its SKU count with existing retailers through new product introduction. Teva is growing its originals and sandals collection building off the success from last spring with strong growth coming from international markets where the brand remains underpenetrated and Sanuk continues to expand its distribution with its national account primarily to the popular Yoga Sling franchise. In conclusion, I am very happy with how we are positioned as we enter the back half of the year. The changes that we are implementing in our marketing and product development are resonating with consumers and the early reads in our non-core products and introductions like the Luxe have been strong. Looking beyond this year, we are focused on strategic initiatives in the areas of the business where we believe have the biggest opportunity, specifically continuing to attack the running market with the HOKA brand and within UGG, it's evolving our classic franchise and aggressively getting after categories like weather and causal in our men's business and extensions like Lounge. Across our brand portfolio, we see additional white space for distribution and ways to better leverage our brands going forward. With that, I'll now turn it over to Tom to review the financials.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Good afternoon, everyone. Before I begin, I would like to remind everyone that we posted a commentary on the quarterly financials under the Investor Information tab on our corporate website. In summary, our sales results were in line with expectations and earnings per share was slightly better than our forecast due primarily to timing of expenses now expected to be incurred in the back half of the year and the benefit of our Q2 share repurchase. Now starting with revenue on a constant currency basis, for the quarter revenue increased 5.4% to $506 million. On a reported basis revenue increased 1.4% to $487 million. Gross margin was 44% in the second quarter compared to 46.6% last year. The change in gross margin was primarily due to FX headwinds from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. We gained SG&A leverage this quarter with SG&A, as a percent of sales, at 33.5% compared to 34.2% a year ago. For the remainder of the fiscal year, we are on track to deliver leverage. For the quarter, we reported earnings per share of $1.11 versus $1.17 a year ago and better than our guidance of $1.05 per share. Inventories at the end of Q3 were $595 million, an increase of 23.5% over the same period last year. Our inventory is well positioned to support growth during the back half including more core classics to chase in-season demand as part of the shift in our pre-book strategy that we developed with our wholesale partners. Also, we are carrying more weather and causal product to allow for our wholesale partners to reorder in-season and to reduce the stock outs we experienced last year. For Q3 and Q4, we expect sales growth to outpace inventory growth. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 354,000 shares or $23.8 million at an average price of $67.18. As of September 30, 2015 we had $102.9 million remaining under the $200 million stock repurchase program we announced in January 2015. Now moving on to our outlook, based on our second quarter results and current visibility, we are reiterating our full year guidance. We expect fiscal year 2016 constant currency revenues to increase approximately 10.5%, an increase of 8% on a reported basis. Full year constant currency earnings per share is projected to be approximately $5.73 which now accounts for the share repurchase in Q2 representing the increase of 23%. On a reported basis, earnings per share is now projected to be approximately $5.18 adjusting for the share re-purchase in Q2, representing an increase of 11.2 % over fiscal 2015 earnings per share of $4.66. This guidance assumes gross margins of approximately 48 % and SG&A as a percentage of sales of 35.5%. With respect to the third and fourth quarters, our revenue guidance has not changed. We still see Q3 reported revenue growing approximately 9%, and Q4 reported revenue up approximately 18 % on a year-over-year basis. We expect Q3 earnings per share of $5 and Q4 earnings per share of $0.57. For Q3, our gross margins are projected to be slightly under 52% and SG&A as a percentage of sales is projected to roughly 25%. Finally, we recently completed our sheepskin negotiations for fiscal 2017. As we indicated on our last call sheepskin prices continue to be favorable and our innovation of UGG Pure continues to play a significant part in reducing demand and stabilizing prices in the sheepskin market. We expect these costs to be roughly a 100 basis point improvement over fiscal 2016. This does not constitute our gross margin guidance for next year as our sheepskin inputs are only one component of our gross margins. Long term, we remain committed to achieving mid teens operating margins over the next five years. From a gross margin perspective, we have three main drivers: adjusting our business model to create supply chain efficiencies, improving our product development process and reducing our go-to-market costs, and continuing to grow our Direct-to-Consumer business. From an SG&A expense leverage perspective, this is driven by the fact that most of our Direct-to-Consumer, corporate, and international infrastructure investments have been made. In addition, we continue to gain more visibility around the efficiencies we expect to generate from our business transformation project. Our Omni-Channel investments have laid the foundation for growth and now we can begin to lever them to expand our operating performance and improve our returns on invested capital. I am confident in our ability to lever this year and beyond and look forward to reporting our Q3 results on February 4, 2016. With that, I will now turn it over to the operator for Q&A.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Omar Saad from Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thanks, for solid quarter guys.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Omar.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks, Omar.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: I wanted to ask – yeah, sure. I wanted to ask about the holiday push, a lot of stuff that, Dave, you talked about around the classics franchise and the genesis of this kind of evolved strategy what you think you've been missing in the past. How big an opportunity is it? And, I guess, my follow-up question is to help us think about the inventory strategy mechanically, how that better positions you and does it reduce risk having that much inventory or just fulfill chase opportunities, I guess the two part sort of the same idea?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah, great question. And I really look at this, Omar, as a turning point for the UGG brand. We have turned the corner on reliance on our four classics business. We know have great success in our casual boots and our weather. In fact, the core classics as a percent of total women's business is down below 35%, 25% of our total UGG business. So, it just speaks to the opportunity that we have in new categories beyond classics. But at the same time we are not complacent with the classics business either. So what you've seen with the Luxe introduction and the slim introduction next week, those are evolutions of the core classic items into opportunities for new customers and new wearing occasions for our brand and at the same time, we are also going back and making sure that we are taking a good look at the core classics, which quite frankly we've been a little bit complacent with over the years. And so, what we've said is we really listened to consumer insights on what they are looking for in classics going forward and we're going to apply some innovation to those classics for next fall. We are still working through the mechanics of that and so it's too early to see any specifics with regards to its inventory strategy and how that's going to play out but we are committed to keeping that a full price business and managing through the inventory accordingly so it doesn't disrupt the market. But the good news is next year it creates a lot more flexibility in our core business as well as our specialty classics business. So, instead of putting 40%, 50% of our core classic into the marketing place and hoping they sell, we have a lot more options for the consumers and we have a lot more leverages to pull in the process. So, I think it's an exciting time to the UGG brand, I think it is an exciting time for the UGG consumer and I think they are really going to benefit from the evolution of the classics and the updates that we have coming down the pike.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Okay, and then just to be clear the gross margin, the change in year-over-year trend in the gross margin this quarter is entirely related to I guess you call it transactional currency exposure and not something going on with inventory or products?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: No, it's right on margins (33:25)
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yes.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Primarily due to FX headwinds year-over-year.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yeah, yeah.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Just to comment quickly on the inventory, we're really pleased really we have been able to manage our inventory levels at the end of this quarter. We've actually brought in from inventory earlier as we've had the capability to chase some product in-season. It also helps us mitigate the stock-outs we had last year and most of the inventory increase is really related to higher quantities of women's leather and casual boots and men's slipper and leather products and that all supports our pre-book strategy we had, the shift in most of the wholesale orders that we talked about in the past. I think another thing to point out on inventory is, into the third quarter and the fourth quarter our inventory levels, the growth year-over-year is going to moderate significantly and the growth levels are going to be lower than our guided sales growth. And for the total year, at the end of the year, our UGG inventory level will be half what it is at the end of September.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: And I think the other thing on the inventory is the majority of the increase is coming out of non-core classic. So, it's more the casual boots and weather, which we missed opportunity in last year and we are really poised to chase that business in the end of Q3 into Q4 this year.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thanks, it's all really helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bob Drbul with Nomura. Please go ahead with your question.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Good afternoon. I just had two questions. The first one is, you are talking about the weather impacting the business and I guess, have you had any major cancellations from your retail partners, September or October, that you could speak to. And then the second question is, on expenses, Tom, you said there was a shift out of the quarter. I was wondering if you could quantify how much of that came out of the second quarter and you know maybe the increased marketing, any ideas on how much more you are spending in the third quarter?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, maybe I'll start with the expense shift; it was about $2 million to $3 million and it was mostly marketing, and that went into the December quarter. In terms of cancellations we're really too early in the season, really. We really haven't had anything of significance. If there is weather issues down the road, most of those cancellations would come later in the quarter.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Yeah.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: If any at all.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah, no, and we haven't had anything significant. And any cancellations that we've had, for the most part, we are able to back-fill or replace that business with casual boots and weather product that is selling through well, so.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great, thank you very much.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Camilo Lyon with Canaccord. Please proceed with your question.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thanks, nice quarter guys. Just a follow-up on the last question. Could you just help reconcile some of the commentary we have been hearing? So there's obviously warmer weather that's impacted the classics business, you've commented on that. There is also a lot of talk of excess inventory in the channel, yet your guidance is – embeds a pretty significant acceleration. Just help us connect the dots there and understand exactly what's going on there because it seems like there is something that's not necessarily congruent there.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. I think the thing you have to remember Camilo is that usually – August and September are small quarters, small months for the core classic business. So even though the weather has been warm and that's true, we're hearing that, and it has affected the core selling; it's a small portion of inventory that we're talking about. So there isn't a big backlog that's left over from what we would have sold in September and August in Q3 because of that softness in the business. Business excess in the channel overall, we're not really seeing that. We are managing that well. If you remember we planned the core classics business down from an open to buy perspective and shifted people's inventory to more into casual boots and weather and those are the things that are selling through. So, at this point, things look as planned.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. And then just my follow-up is, is there an added expectation of cancellations that's built into your plan. I think before you were looking at cancellations offsetting reorders; is that still the case, or is there more of a weighting towards cancellations?
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: No, that – it's still our original guidance. The small amount of reorders are assumed and the small amount of cancellations that would offset each other. So we feel really good where we are at right now with the business.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Thanks very much. Good luck.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Thanks.
Operator: And next question is from the line of Taposh Bari with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your questions.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, good morning or good afternoon. So, Angel and Dave, nice to see you guys able to deliver versus your expectations, a lot of external headwinds out there, especially a lot of weather talk.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Thank you.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: You guys called out core classic weakness and tourism pressure, yet you were still able to make your numbers. I guess if I think back to Deckers of the past that might not have happened. So I'm trying to better understand in light of some of the sort of those headwinds, how you were able to still deliver. And, if in fact, the business is a little bit less sensitive to some of those external factors like weather as we think about what could or could not happen in terms of seasonality into the holiday?
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yeah. Thanks Taposh. I think it's a radically different scenario now that we have versus a few years ago, even last year. Last year was a bit of a wakeup call for us because we saw that we were still – even though we have been innovating a lot of new product, we felt that we still had exposure. And as Dave said, we consciously moved our customer base off of core classic and into the fashion and the weather product that is performing quite well and tried to right-size the classic business going forward, understanding that it's a core staple of a lot of wardrobes and a lot of people's closets and we need more innovation there. So really our idea here is to create a brand, a lifestyle brand, that is appropriate for any kind of seasonality. You know, whether it's rain or whether it's very cold weather or our spring line has done quite well. So, we really needed to dimensionalize the brand and I think the team has done that. They have done a fantastic job with that. Another thing that we have done is that we've have got a lot more insight into our business. As you know, we've been investing in business transformation. We are much better able to review the state of our business in a real-time basis and make adjustments, and a lot of adjustments are being made because we have insights that we wouldn't have if we were not an Omni-Channel business. So the fact is that with our own stores and our E-Commerce business, we are able to read the consumer preference and we're improving our time to market so that we are able to react in a much faster way. Witness, for example, the classic slim that's coming and launching in about a week or so, that was directly from consumers that we knew there were a large percentage of consumers that likes the brand but could not get past the shape of the original classic. And we think that classic slim is really going to be well received. So, it's a whole combination of things, but it's resulting in what, I'll use the phrase Dave used, unleash UGG. I mean, UGG is being unleashed. There was a lot of – I think on our part concern about accelerating innovation and not tipping the apple cart et cetera and what we found is that consumers really don't want that. Consumers want fresh product, exciting product, stuff that makes them get out of their chair and go to the store and not just click on a website because clearly what's good for everyone is have to have this brand, get people out to the stores to try the product on and that's the role of this brand in this time of the year and I think it's going to fulfill that mission for a lot of our customers.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. Just to add on to that one thing Taposh, is that softness that we are talking about in core classics is primarily an North American issue at the moment, and where we are seeing a little bit of offset in that is the international business. We've had great business in our DTC business outside the U.S. and particularly in the e-commerce growth in the multiple brands and multiple websites externally.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: If I can just ask a quick follow up on that line of questioning. How are your retail partners responding to what you are doing and also vis-à-vis the external condition? So, as I think about kind of the investor reaction, mild weather equals inventory risk equals UGG exposure. I guess, again, that's the way it's put out in the past, but the brand is clearly demonstrated an ability to kind of endure that kind of seasonality and cyclicality and I am sure the retail partners have appreciated that. So is there a different mentality this time around in light of what's going on on the ground at retail?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. I think for the wholesale partners that have followed the strategy recommendations of changing their mix to be more reliant on weather and causal boots, they're seeing the benefits of that, and so that's a good story. They also know this is a very resilient brand and it's still early in the season and they know that when the weather turns, the consumer is going to come calling and they feel very good about their ability to flex their inventory with our partnership to be able to meet those demand. So, for the most part we are having very healthy conversations with our partners and they are confident that we're going to deliver.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great, all the best.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Thanks.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead with your question.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Great, thank you and good afternoon. Dave, I was hoping you could may be expand a little bit more about the Direct-to-Consumer business you just mentioned outside of the U.S. It sounds like that was a little bit better. Can you maybe just parse out for us in some sort of granularity the change between Europe, China and Japan and what you are really seeing in some of the international regions in that business?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. So I can only speak to total DTC, not particular retail versus e-commerce. But I will say that our comps outside the U.S. were very healthy double digit growth comps in Europe and low single digit growth in Asia Pacific. Consistent with what we've said about the (44:20) the tourist shopper is shopping a little bit more at home, but also to the strength of the assortment and the merchandising, the operation of the teams in those markets. So, China is showing signs of stabilization, Japan is still strong and the Europe business is actually, I would say, turned the corner and starting to improve nicely.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): That's helpful to hear, thank you. And, I guess, just following up on the China piece and particularly as you do (44:43) you've actually kind of repriced some of the products there. Can you just talk about some of the learnings, what the consumer demand profiles look like post re-pricing? And then if you look across the fleet, are there any other key regions that you may have to revisit the pricing on in the later point? Thanks.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. Erinn, it's still early days in the pricing in China. That business is very seasonal over there, so we – the initial re-pricing was soft, but it wasn't a high seasonality timeframe for us in China. As the season kicks in, we are starting to see a nice healthy benefit from that pricing. It's not a dramatic change in pricing, but it's healthy and it's bringing more consumers into the brand, so I would say it's been a positive move and we will continue to monitor that. The other place we are looking to make adjustments is in the Hong Kong market to be consistent with the rest of Asia Pacific. But outside of that, we don't see any other pricing adjustments at this time.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray & Co (Broker): Got it, thanks. And if I could just sneak in one more clarification for Tom, just on that second quarter gross margin being down about 260 basis points. Is that entire piece FX? I mean, were there any offset on the positive side just given your mix shift into DTC as well as the UGGpure's overall sheepskin costing environment being more favorable. We're just trying to kind of understand the major puts and takes of that line? Thanks you.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah. Erinn, most of it was the FX headwind, that's about for the second quarter. It was 210 basis points of headwind. Few other things, small little amounts nothing really of significance that impacts things going forward.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Corinna Van der Ghinst with Citigroup. Please go ahead with your question.
Corinna Gayle Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you, hi. Firstly I wanted to address SG&A. I know Dave touched on some of the big picture areas that you guys are targeting. But could you maybe talk about some of the specific near term efficiencies driving improvement over the next couple of quarters? And also you guys talked about the supply chain process. Can you talk a little bit more about what you've changed or reengineered in your supply chain process to enable you to improve your speed to market in the near term whether with the classic luxe or slim or what you guys have coming out going forward?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah, good question. We're putting a lot of focus on this right now and I think you heard some of the things we mentioned in the call with regards to restructuring our Hong Kong office over there that will have a knock on permanent effect on SG&A. Looking at licensing, leveraging our brands for procurement in other areas. Long-term we are looking at a few components. One, we're just looking at how to streamline the offering of our brand. So getting really focused on SKU productivity, adoption rates, and making sure that where we are putting our time and our development into the line is going to give us the biggest payback. So the brands are really focused on, eliminating unnecessary styles and SKUs. And that has a knock on effect on our development cost, on our sample cost, on our delivery cost, and allows us to be much more efficient at our factories as well. At the same time, we're also looking at consolidating our factory base in some cases to be more efficient and be closer to market and then just overall just improving our go-to-market process in general to eliminate waste in the process. So, it's still early days, but the teams are very, very focused on finding efficiencies in getting their energies and their efforts are focused on the areas they are going to give us the biggest pay back and I think we will have more to share with you on that in the next coming months. The other piece that will have continued benefits for us is the business transformation project that we are undergoing and you will start to see the benefits of that in inventory management in some places in margin over the next year.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Corinna, this is Tom, let me follow up as well. On our current SG&A structure over the past few years, we've been investing in our international infrastructure to be able to scale the business internationally both in Asia, in Europe as well as corporate infrastructure to scale a much bigger multi brand global company and we are starting to see leverage on those kinds of investments. So, really I don't see that many more of those kind of investments going forward and I think another thing to point out and this is really related to some of our segment reporting, our Direct-to-Consumer segment. That segment absorbs the overhead cost related to scale a much bigger Direct-to-Consumer business, including most of our Asia Pacific overheads and some of our Europe overheads are in that segment. And those investments really are behind us and we are starting to get leverage on those as well.
Corinna Gayle Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, that's helpful commentary. And then just for my follow up. I did want to clarify some questions from earlier. Can you just help us understand in that 24% inventory growth in UGG, how much of that is in core classics and how much of it is in non-classics? And then just a review on share repurchases for the rest of the year? Thank you.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Very little of it is in core classics, most of it's in the non-classic product, it's in the weather product, it's in the women's casual as well, there is some increase in the men's products as well and slippers. We have a bigger investment in slippers than we did a year ago, because we actually had some stock outs a year ago, slippers early in the season, so. And the slim product, there is some slim in there as well. So, and we are really pleased in terms of our inventory management capability. We brought it in early, we didn't really want to have any logistic issues to stop us from having the product to service our busy part of the season. And consistent with that from an inventory management point of view, by the end of the year we expect the UGG inventory would be half to what it is at the end of this quarter. And I think another thing to point out is, we've talked about some startup issues related to our Moreno Valley distribution center. That distribution center does not service the UGG women's business, that's still on our Camarillo distribution center and there has been no issues there. That's mostly impacted our Sanuk business and we might get to it later, but as a result of that we've missed some sales with Sanuk and we're going to take down our Sanuk number for the year.
Corinna Gayle Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. And just on the share repurchases, please?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: And on the share repurchase we did – we don't really comment on what we're going to do in the future. I think something to point out there is our – the period of time we're now in is our highest demand for working capital and therefore our highest borrowing on our line of credit. So you have to be sensitive to the cash needs to run the business, so therefore this period of time is the period of time we have fewer share repurchases.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Howard Tubin with Guggenheim. Please go ahead with your questions.
Howard Brett Tubin - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Hey. Thanks, guys. Can you just remind us, talking about UGGpure, where you stand in terms of its usage now in the sheepskin part of the UGG collection and where it will be next year if we look out to next year?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: It's currently about 33%. We do see going forward more opportunities for that to expand going forward. I think something interesting to point out to our innovation with UGGpure and what it's done to the demand for the table grade product in the market. Table grade cost has actually gone down below some of the UGGpure cost. So we will even start addressing possibly using the even more table grade product going forward as well.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: It's also a great opportunity for our Koolaburra brand as we start to ignite that business and bring that to market next fall.
Howard Brett Tubin - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you very much.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Sure.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jim Duffy with Stifel. Please proceed with your question.
Jim V. Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Thanks, Good afternoon, guys. I have three questions for you. Hopefully two of them are quick. On the fiscal third quarter, what's the linearity of the quarter, kind of the split between months typically?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Mostly back end loaded.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yeah.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: (53:18) because there is a high element of Direct-to-Consumer, a high element of E-Commerce, so it's mostly back end loaded.
Jim V. Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Did I hear a 50% December?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: No, no, no. Yeah.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Mostly back end loaded.
Jim V. Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then, Tom, as you think about objectives to lever SG&A in fiscal 2017, what's the sales growth you would need for that?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: That's a good question. We are not giving guidance for next year, so that's obviously a good question. That will be one element, and we – but I think the way we are looking at our SG&A and our overhead structure right now is, most of our investments are behind us and we've got the ability to leverage on – really on reasonable growth rates. And we're continuing to evaluate ways to streamline the business, like we've done in Asia Pacific with the Hong Kong streamlining. And we continue to evaluate how we're going to streamline other parts of the business around the world. And as I mentioned earlier on the call, we're starting to get good leverage on the buildup we've had to drive our Direct-to-Consumer business as well.
Jim V. Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Fair enough. And then the final question, I was a little confused on the inventory strategy and the position. It sounded like you were going to back stock inventory in classics but try to pre-book the other classifications, but you're saying the inventory growth is in the other classifications?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: I think, Jim, the thing to point out there is we always have a certain level of safety stock at the classics at any point in time. It really – and we didn't grow that much at all, but in the newer product we do have the capability to service that product as well – reorders for that product, for weather product and the casual product. Because last year, we did have some stock outs on that product because we did get some reorders.
Jim V. Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Good luck guys. Oh, I am sorry go ahead.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: No, that's good. Go ahead, Jim. Thanks.
Jim V. Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: I was just going to say good luck to you guys in the coming months.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: All right, Jim. Thank you Jim.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mitch Kummetz with B. Riley. Please go ahead with your questions.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions. Tom, I was hoping you can give us a little more help on Q4. So I think you said $0.58 of earnings in the fourth quarter, if I heard you right or...?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: $0.57.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: $0.57, so that's a pretty big step up from Q4 last year. Obviously you expected the revenue to be up nicely; I think it was 18%, right? But can you kind of bridge the gap between the revenue growth and the earnings that your are expecting, maybe just touch upon kind of expectations around gross margin and SG&A for Q4?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Right. First off, just to reiterate on the top line, Dave gave you some detail about our confidence level to be able to drive that kind of revenue growth. We feel really good where our pre-book is at this point in time for the fourth quarter, as well as the product and other opportunities we have that are driving them. In terms of the margin, we are actually expecting improved gross margin relative to a year ago in that fourth quarter. And as you may recall, a year ago, we were closing down the TSUBO brand, the MOZO brand. We airfreighted a fair amount of product and we had some airfreight costs that put pressure on last year's gross margin. And there still will be some sheepskin benefit for Q4 as well. And then the – from an operating expense point of view, consistent with some of the earlier discussion, we're going to be getting leverage on the operating expenses in the fourth quarter. So that helps drive earnings per share growth.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Do you think more of the op margin increase will come on the SG&A side just given the level of sales growth that you are expecting?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: I think the biggest driver there is just year-over-year gross margins as well as the top line growth. There will be some modest SG&A leverage, but the biggest driver there are the top line growth as well as the gross margin. And Mitch, while you're talking about gross margins, let me also add to the second quarter; there was a big FX headwind we talked about, 210 basis points to 220 basis points of FX headwind. We also had some pressure on the margin relative to a year ago because we did have to airfreight some product in as well just to make sure we had it available and had it in inventory to service the biggest part of the season.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then as a follow-up, maybe on (58:02) Dave. You guys have talked a lot about kind of steering retailers towards the non-core product and you've had a lot of success with that. Can you talk a little bit about what's happening outside the U.S.? I mean, are you doing the same thing with your partners there even through the distributors and kind of what success level have you seen there in terms of the performance of the non-core product with international accounts?
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Well, actually – this is Angel. We've have seen even more success particularly in Europe, for example. We've had – we've have been out of stock on a fair amount of what we call women's casual product. Our subsidiary in the UK is looking for inventory from the rest of the company, so that in and of itself has been – and that began in the second quarter. So that really is a good sign. Where people followed the strategy, the results proved to be what the consumer wanted.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: And are you able to move some of the inventory from the U.S. over to Europe to kind of satisfy that demand?
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yeah. We are looking at areas in the company where – it's specific product so it depends of where the inventory fits, whether it's Asia Pacific or North America. But you know we are very flexible with our supply chain in our Omni-Channel organization, so we can make some of those moves. It's obviously at a cost, but it's better to make sure the consumer gets what they want and then have them wait, so those are the things we are looking at.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from line of Scott Krasik with Buckingham Research. Please proceed with your questions.
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Yeah. Hi, everyone. Thanks. A few questions on DTC. I know you are trying to get away from it, but can you sort of allude to, or generally, what the E-Commerce growth was in the quarter?
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: No, unfortunately, Scott, we are only reporting at a DTC level going forward, so I can't do that.
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. And then all of these DTC numbers, are these all constant currency?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, the comps are in constant currency, yes.
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. So, maybe talk about your confidence to see that accelerate to meet your target, which I think hasn't changed even though you are a little bit short this quarter?
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yeah. As we said in the call, in the script, there is lot of indications that are still positive for us delivering that number. You have to remember, we still have 75% of the year to go in DTC in Q3 and Q4 and we are off to a good start there. We are still optimistic about delivering that number. E-Com also starts to make up a bigger percentage of DTC sales in the back half, so the mix changes. At the end of Q3 into Q4, we start to lap that foreign tourism impact in our flagship stores, which is significant, so we'll get some of that back. And I think, like I said, the product launches, the marketing focus, the digital marketing and the analytics were all concentrated on driving traffic to the stores and driving traffic to the sites. And I would say we are better poised than ever to be able to pull some of those levers in the business.
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: And I think I just heard you say, just to be sure, did you say you are off to a good start in DTC in October?
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yeah, I can't comment on that. I mean things look like they are on plan.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Right.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yeah.
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group, Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'll turn this floor back to management for closing comments.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Well, thank you all for joining us today. Clearly, we are pretty confident in the strategic direction that we are moving in and we believe we are going to continue to deliver significant value to shareholders. I would like to thank our employees around the world. There has been a lot of heavy lifting, I hope you can appreciate that to make all of this change real. And I'm extremely proud of the work everyone's done, the long hours and the dedication and commitment that it's taken and the insight that we've got from our employees. So it's just a great group of people to work with and I am confident that we will continue to deliver results. So thank you all and we will speak to you on the next call.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-07-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Brendon Frey - Managing Director-Retail, Apparel & Footwear, ICR LLC Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO David Powers - President, Deckers Brands Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer David E. Lafitte - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc. Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co. Corinna G. Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC Corinna Lynn Freedman - BB&T Capital Markets Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc. Howard Brett Tubin - Guggenheim Securities LLC
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands First Quarter Fiscal 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Brendon Frey, Managing Director of ICR. Please go ahead.
Brendon Frey - Managing Director-Retail, Apparel & Footwear, ICR LLC: Welcome everyone joining us today. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, which statements are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These may include statements relating to the company's anticipated financial performance, including its projected revenues, expenses, gross margin, operating margin, capital expenditures, earnings per share, and effective tax rate. These statements may also relate to the company's brand strategies, store expansion plans, inventory management systems, and retailer retention policies, as well as the outlook for the company's markets and the demand for its products. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent our current expectations and are based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from any results predicted, assumed, or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including the risk factors section of its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Given these risks and uncertainties, listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations or as a result of the availability of new information. As a reminder, we have posted supplemental information about the 2016 first quarter in a document entitled first quarter fiscal 2016 commentary. This document is on our corporate website at www.deckers.com. You can access this document by clicking on the Investor Information tab and then scrolling down to Featured Reports heading. With that, I'll now turn it over to Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board, Angel Martinez.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Brendon. Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. With me on the call is Dave Powers, President; and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Today I'll begin with a high-level review of our first quarter results, addressing constant currency growth, some commentary on brand performance. I'll then turn the call over to Dave, who'll discuss DTC results and strategic operating initiatives. Then we'll turn it over to Tom who will provide more details on our financial results on a reported basis as well as guidance for the Q2 quarter and for the year. In our first quarter, our business performed in line with expectations, and we remain on track to achieve our full year objectives. On a constant currency basis, revenue was $221 million, an increase of 4.5% over last year. With a change to our fiscal year-end, the first quarter is now our smallest revenue quarter. It's when we sell through our spring collections and we start shipping early fall orders, particularly to our international distributors. We're pleased with the start of the year, and that the results continue to support our long-term strategy of driving diversified revenue growth across our channels, across our brands and our regions. During the first quarter, each of our brand showcased their most robust and diverse spring collections ever. Our focus has been on further evolving the lifestyle nature of our brands, in order to broaden their commercial appeal and selectively open new distribution. Beginning with the UGG brand, as we expected, our year-over-year revenue was down primarily due to lower sales from our international distributors, which as we've discussed have lost buying power due to the stronger U.S. dollar. On a constant currency basis, revenue was down 3%. During the quarter, the brand's spring products delivered strong performance, which is a key driver of diversifying the business and reducing the brand seasonality. As part of our effort to expand the brand's spring offering, we had a strong year-over-year growth in our women's spring casuals and particular strength in sandals. In men's, our initiatives over the past few years to infuse more innovative features into the product line is proving successful. Sales were fueled by our expanded Twinsole offering and this collection gives men the interchangeable option of UGGpure or leather insoles. Sales were also driven by the introduction of our incredibly lightweight Treadlite collection, which was a new introduction this spring and that we will continue to build on in the seasons ahead. Teva grew 12% in constant currency and continues to attract new and former consumers to the brand with its focus on its original sports sandal. This spring the brand sold in a bigger collection of Originals and Originals derivatives into expanded distribution that includes important lifestyle retailers. The response has been very positive with particular excitement generated by the Teva platform. On top of this, the derivatives and high profile collaborations have added to the brand's relevancy with more fashion-conscious consumers and retailers. Our efforts to reposition the brand from an outdoor brand into a lifestyle brand has expanded Teva's potential audience, which is leading to expanded distribution and increasing the long-term growth prospects of the brand. Sanuk sales were down 7% in constant currency. These results were in large part due to industry headwinds in the core action sports specialty channel. While we're not pleased with these results, the brand performed well at its national accounts, which includes an expanded door count of department stores and footwear retailers. Our focus has been on growing our national accounts business to bring more diverse consumers into the franchise. The success this spring with our national accounts positions the brand well for these accounts to continue to devote more open to buy dollars to their growing business with Sanuk. We also made progress on our long-term strategy to move a higher proportion of the brands into women's. This was due in large part to the growing demand for the Yoga Sling Collection. Since its launch just two years ago, Yoga Sling has become a powerful franchise that has elevated the brand's awareness and expanded the brand's reach into women's footwear. HOKA ONE ONE grew 135% in constant currency. The rapid growth continues as the brand has grown from a niche brand for ultra-marathon runners into a brand for all types of runners. HOKA's spring performance was driven by successful updates with the popular Clifton and Bondi running shoes, both of which are evolving into powerful franchises that consumers are gravitating toward each season. We're extremely excited with how HOKA has penetrated the highly competitive running market in a short period of time. The brand's consumers are fanatical about the products and the combination of our amazing product targeted marketing efforts and more mainstream distribution is making HOKA one of the most exciting brands to ever enter the running market. I'm optimistic about the start to the year and feel good about how fiscal 2016 is shaping up. We currently have good visibility into the upcoming fall and holiday selling season and we're pleased with how our fall pre-book concluded. On top of this, the investments we've made over the past several years to enhance our Omni-channel capabilities are creating new opportunities across our brand portfolio. Each year we're becoming more sophisticated and we're reacting more quickly to the market conditions to reach our consumers. The insights we are learning from our Omni-channel operations is helping us deliver an improved and consistent consumer experience in our DTC channels and educate our wholesale partners on the products that our consumers seek. I believe these improved capabilities will not only drive sales, but also drive productivity and margin gains in our operations. We're at an exciting time in our company's evolution and I'm confident that we can capitalize on the opportunities that exist in front of us. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Thanks, Angel. As Angel just mentioned, our business performed in line with expectations and this result reiterates our confidence in delivering the year. Each of our brand made progress this spring diversifying their product line and extending their consumer reach. From a DTC perspective, Q1 DTC sales grew 10.5% in constant currency, driven by the new stores we opened as well as new international country specific e-commerce sites we launched within the year. Total DTC comps for the first quarter were flat. The deceleration in comps is primarily driven by a decrease in traffic in our tourist-driven domestic flagships, in particular to our Madison Avenue, Honolulu and Las Vegas stores. We believe the pressure we are seeing on traffic from foreign tourism is due to the strength of the U.S. dollar. We anticipated DTC comps will be more challenging in the first quarter based on the fact that it's traditionally a busy international tourist period and that we were up against a strong DTC comp a year ago. The pressure on our domestic comps was offset by strong DTC comps gains in both Japan and Europe, following China, the specific merchandise and inventory management initiatives put in place are delivering improved results in our company-owned stores. For the year, we are adjusting our new store opening plans based on our ongoing efforts to optimize return on sales. The plan is to now add 11 net new stores, down from our initial projection of 16 stores. Three stores planned for Japan, will now be pop-ups versus permanent stores, and we no longer plan to open another store in Hong Kong. And we now have included an additional store closure. The fundamentals of our business are strong, and we're diligently working on five key areas of focus to drive sustained growth and improved operating margins. They are, driving profitable growth in our DTC channels, evolving the core classics business, balancing our global pricing, planning our inventories to strategically drive our fill-in business, and improving our operating efficiencies and generating leverage. Beginning first with our focus on driving profitable growth in our DTC channel. Despite the flat comp in Q1, we feel confident in achieving our low single-digit positive comp target for the year. As a reminder, Q1 is our smallest DTC quarter, in which we do less than 10% of our DTC sales for the year, and it's also when we faced big year-over-year pressure from the stronger dollar. Looking forward, I expect DTC comps to improve due to the following. We have retail driven product launches in our concept stores and targeted inventory investments for our outlet stores that I believe will drive traffic and conversion. Our international DTC comps continue to be strong and have momentum for us to build on in both e-commerce and brick-and-mortar. We have adjusted our assortments to drive increases in AUR, and we are enhancing our digital marketing strategy to be more effective and targeted at driving store and site traffic by leveraging our CRM and consumer insights data. From an operating profit perspective, we are still focused on driving improved return on sales going forward. We set our stores to a four-wall operating margin target to returns of at least 20%. And with that said, in the last 12 months, our comp stores have returned an average four-wall margin of 26%. This is high by industry standard and we're committed to continuing to drive these results. For stores that are below our threshold, our regional teams have action plans in place to boost their performance. Our retail model is very flexible. We continue to evaluate the appropriate number of stores in our fleet and we'll take actions necessary to maintain our store level of profitability. Our total DTC operating profit remains very healthy and is a key driver of company profit. In the last 12 months, DTC operating profit has been well above 20%. In addition, our DTC channel is what has allowed us to evolve the lifestyle nature of our brand and is one of the reasons we're seeing success in diversifying our product line. The channel exposes consumers to the full line of the brand and has given us data to share with wholesale customers to make the strategic shift in our pre-book process. Our second area of focus is to grow by evolving the classics business. As we have talked about before, this fall and holiday, we are launching two new classic-inspired collections primarily in our DTC channel. These collections are based on consumer insights and feedback that I'm confident will add to the enduring popularity of the classic franchise and engineered to next phase of growth in the years ahead. The first collection is a premium sophisticated classic collection that will launch early this fall and be a centerpiece of our fall marketing campaign. The second collection is our new Classic Slim, which we'll launch in early November and be featured in our holiday campaign. We now have a core, slim and premium silhouette that will allow us to grow our classic franchise. We think of these collections like a denim company would think of a jeans offering, complete with different fits and finishes to serve a variety of occasions and consumers. These collections, both of which were incorporated into our original full year guidance, will give current consumers a reason to purchase another classic, as well as bring new consumers into the classic franchise. In addition to these new product launches, we will continue to focus on our specialty and core classics with targeted marketing and social campaigns throughout the fall and holiday season. Our third area of focus is balancing our global pricing. As we outlined in our last call, we began strategically evaluating our UGG pricing globally and looking at the brand's premium positioning in our international markets, we have made some adjustments as a result. In China, the brand sells at a significant premium compared to other countries. After careful evaluation, we are selectively lowering prices in China on some core styles to provide better price balance worldwide and minimize the price difference between our regions, while at the same time allowing more Chinese consumers to experience the full UGG brand experience at retail and e-commerce. This new pricing program will go into effect in early fall to help create more value in our core product and better differentiate our core from our specialty classics. In Europe, we're slightly raising prices on certain styles in select markets to reflect the UGG brand's use of premium quality material that command a higher brand position compared to other competing footwear brands. While we weren't prepared to speak publicly about the price changes in our last call, we did factor in the adjustments when we built our full-year sales and margin guidance. Our fourth area of focus is to be more strategic in how we will drive fill-in product in the marketplace. As part of working with our wholesalers to shift their order book, we have taken strategic inventory positions in core styles to meet in-season demand for classics. In addition, based on missed opportunities from last Q3, we're better positioned to meet demand for top-selling styles that we ran out of last year and we will have enhanced marketing to support these styles. These positions give us more levers to drive sales and to take advantage of the opportunity as they arrive. Finally, we're focused on improving operating efficiencies and generating leverage. Our organization remains committed to growth and increasing our profitability, and we're making strategic adjustments to our business model to create operating efficiencies this year and beyond. Our teams are focusing on developing key franchise products that drive the most volume, reduce our product assortment and development costs, create efficiencies in our supply chain and improve our gross margin structure. David Lafitte, our COO and his team are working closely with the brands to identify potential savings in cost structure and processes to create operating expense savings. Going forward, we're reducing SKU counts and fine-tuning performance metrics and product development to ensure that we're as efficient as possible in how we bring our product to market. In addition to the key strategies I've just mentioned, there are some key product and brand wins that we'll continue to build on, that will positively impact the back half of the year. Beginning with UGG, as Angel said, our spring product sold through well. Our results from the quarter underscore that consumers are turning to the brand for its entire line of footwear. This bodes well for the growing momentum in our non-core lines as we head into the fall and holiday season. This fall we have exciting updates to our popular non-core lines that include an expanded collection of weather and casual boots, as well as specialty classics and slipper collections. In addition to these updates, our plans for our classics franchise and improved inventory position gives me confidence in our ability to drive sales for our DTC channels, and fill-in orders for our wholesale accounts. For Teva, the focus on the Originals has created an identity and a purpose for the brand that is resonating with consumers globally. The expanded distribution is helping grow the brand's domestic footprint, which includes specialty retailers and national accounts like Urban Outfitters, Nordstrom, GAP and Madewell. The new direction is also benefiting Teva's international growth, where the brand is focusing on key cities like London, Paris, Tokyo and Seoul. The brand's success at retail this spring provides our teams with great support as they sit down with accounts to preview Spring 2016. Teva's collection next spring includes updates to the Originals and derivatives like the Flatform as well as an expanded sandal offering, all of which will feature more premium materials that are both more fashionable and functional. For Sanuk, their penetration of national retailers like Tilly's, Journey's and Dillard's is providing a great foundation for sustainable growth. Our growth with our national accounts is also reshaping the brand's order flow as these accounts takes spring product earlier than core independents, which typically schedule shipments closer to season. This means at the March quarter, our Q4, is becoming more meaningful to Sanuk as that is when we will ship the majority of the brand's order book. Our strategy remains growing Sanuk's wholesale footprint with department stores and retailers and continuing to capture an increasing proportion of women's sales. For next spring, Sanuk has important updates to the brand's popular Yoga Sling, casual canvas, and iconic Sidewalk Surfer collections that will be sold at much wider distribution and expose more consumers to the brands. In Spring 2016, HOKA will offer its most complete footwear collection that caters to a broader audience of runners and active enthusiasts. The line includes updates to key franchises as well as new styles that feature lower profiles and new collections like track spike and raking shoes. HOKA has solidified itself as a competitive running brand and this fall will have sponsored athletes in the World's Track & Field Championship. The brand is also beginning to expand beyond running through the recent launch of our mountain trekking and hiking collection. The enthusiasm for the brand is growing every day and with its legitimacy and authenticity established within the running community, the brand is well-positioned to capitalize on its tremendous opportunities. For the Ahnu brand, we're excited about the new Yoga Sport collection, which we're beginning to deliver now. The collection is launching at Dillard's where the brand has enjoyed success with its popular line in women's hiking boots. We're also leveraging the HOKA brand's existing relationship with specialty running accounts to launch Yoga Sport in that channel. We feel that the Yoga Sport collection fulfills the growing desire consumers have for active lifestyle products that support health and wellness. As we head into our profitable quarters, the current health of all of our brands, our improving product lines and our organizational focus gives me great confidence in our ability to drive healthy growth and profit for fiscal 2016 and beyond. With that, I'll now turn it over to Tom George.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Good afternoon, everyone. Before I begin, I would like to remind everyone that we posted a commentary on the quarterly financials under the Investor Information tab on our corporate website. In summary, our sales results were in line with expectations and we beat our EPS estimates, mainly due to timing around operating expenses. Now starting with revenue, on a constant currency basis, for the quarter revenue increased 4.5% to $221 million. On a reported basis, revenue increased by 1% to $213.8 million. Detailing out revenue by brands for the quarter, UGG was in line with our expectations. Sanuk was below last year and lower than expected due to industry headwinds in the core action sport specialty channel, and Teva and HOKA performed above our expectations as both brands continue to expand their reach. Gross margin was 40.5% in the first quarter compared to 41% last year. The change in gross margin can be attributed to FX headwinds from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar, which was worth 200 basis points. This was partially offset by a higher proportion of DTC sales. SG&A as a percent of sales was 70.3% compared to 64.9% a year ago. The year-over-year increase is due to additional retail stores opened this year versus last, increased marketing expense, Germany operating expenses, and expenses related to transitioning to our new distribution center. These expenses were consistent with our plans and we remain on track to deliver leverage in fiscal 2016 between 10 basis points and 20 basis points. For the quarter, we reported a loss per share of $1.43 versus a loss of $1.70 a year ago, and better than our guidance of a loss of a $1.52 per share. The difference between our actual results and guidance was due to timing around operating expenses that shifted between quarters. Regarding share repurchase, we repurchased approximately 625,000 shares for $45 million at an average purchase price of $72.69. As of June 30, 2015, we had $126.7 million remaining under the $200 million stock repurchase program we announced in January 2015. One additional item before I move on to our outlook. We recently reached an agreement to sell the MOZO brand. The proceeds from the sale will be recorded in our Q2 results. The decision to seek strategic alternatives for MOZO and TSUBO is consistent with our philosophy of selling our shuttering brands within our portfolio that do not meet acceptable financial and operational hurdle rates over time. Now moving to our outlook, based on our first quarter results and current visibility, we still expect fiscal year 2016 constant currencies revenues to increase approximately 10.5% over fiscal 2015 levels. Based on current foreign exchange rates, we still expect reported revenues to increase 8%. For the full year, our forecast is still based on gross margins of approximately 48% and SG&A as a percentage of sales of 35.8%. For the full year, constant currency EPS is projected to be approximately $5.68, which now accounts for the share repurchase in Q1, representing an increase of 22%. On a reported basis, earnings per share is now projected to be approximately $5.15, adjusting for the share repurchase in Q1, representing an increase of 10.5% over fiscal 2015 earnings per share of $4.66. For the second quarter, on a reported basis, we expect revenue to increase approximate 1% and earnings per share of $1.05. This would represent on a constant currency basis revenue growth of 5% and earnings per share growth of 20%. Also as a reminder, last year our Q2 results included shipments originally scheduled for Q3 of approximately $15 million. If you adjust for this early shipments as well as the currency movement, a more equivalent year-over-year comparison would equate to 9% revenue growth. To help put the back half sales in perspective, we currently see reported revenue in Q3 up approximately 9% and Q4 revenue up approximately 18% on a year-over-year basis. One final note in terms of our input costs and the impact on gross margin, we normally provide sheepskin pricing on our Q2 earnings call in October after we have concluded our contract negotiations. But early indications are that sheepskin pricing continues to remain favorable compared to the contracts we entered into last year. We believe our use of our UGGpure continues to play a significant part in reducing demand and stabilizing prices in the sheepskin market. If this trend continues as we expect it to, then we should be in a position to announce continued year-over-year sheepskin unit cost reductions, which would then benefit our fiscal year 2017 margins. We will provide a more detail update on our October call. With that, I will now turn it back over to Angel for his closing comments.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Tom. And thanks to everyone for joining us today. We're confident that the infrastructure we've invested in over the past several years puts in place the foundation for us to capitalize on the many near-term and long-term opportunities that we believe exists for our brand portfolio. We're excited about how each brand is evolving and bringing product to market. And we feel good about our ability to achieve the sales and profitability targets we've established for fiscal 2016. With that, operator we're ready now to take questions.
Operator: Our first question today is coming from Omar Saad from Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Hey, thanks. Couple of questions, guys. Good afternoon. I guess my first question is some of the commentary around DTC, you guys sound really almost like there is kind of a step function change and your confidence in that business, not just from an operation standpoint, profitability standpoint, but what it's doing kind of for the brands. For bigger picture. Dave, maybe you could – and Angel, maybe you can both elaborate on what you're seeing there and where we should expect this to go over the coming quarters?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. Hey, Omar, it's Dave. Yeah, I think what you're hearing is all the investments that we've made over the last couple of years, we're starting to see those pay off, the work we've done operationally, the work we've done in merchandising, inventory management, building the leadership team globally, I think the fact that our global DTC operating margin is in the mid-20%s, reflects our confidence in this business going forward. We still see upside in e-commerce globally, we still see growth healthy profitability in our store portfolio globally. We're adjusting our mix, as we've spoken about on last calls with regards to outlets versus concept, size of store, et cetera. But a lot of the work that we've done, we're starting to see the positive impact of that. And I think the other thing that you're going to see coming into the third quarter back half of the year is the impact of us being able to take product to market faster with the introduction of some of this premium classics and the Slim Classics, those would be DTC initiatives that we're bringing to market fast and those are capabilities that we're continuing to build into our business model to allow us to react in the marketplace faster.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yeah, Omar, this is Angel. The other thing I think I'd like to point out is that what we've – the changes in our business that have occurred over really the last two years to three years have been substantial. And I think you know that, you've been following. We were strictly a wholesale company, we had a couple of stores. We didn't have an infrastructure to support the rollout of DTC the way we have now. I think originally there were just a handful of people, about 10 people running our retail business. So it's actually a significant shift. It would take a lot of companies five years or six years to do this, we've managed to do it in a much shorter period of time, very proud of that.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: And I think the – we're very focused on profitability. And if you look at the trailing 12 months of our comp store base, the profitability of those four walls profitability of those stores is again is in the mid-20%s. So there is a lot of room for continuing to build in that business. And I have a lot of confidence in the team. The teams are working together as one DTC team. We're getting leverage from those teams and the benefits that we're getting between stores and e-commerce both in merchandising and inventory management and a go to market perspective are pretty impressive and gives me a lot of confidence.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: And then kind of one follow up along those lines, can you talk about on the other side of the equation, the wholesale business and your partners there. As you turn the – as you get brands in newer categories and bring more of a lifestyle perspective again driven by DTC ensuring some of that with your wholesale partners. Can you talk about the reaction of your wholesale partners, are they embracing this? Are certain types of channels being more open to a lot of these changes that are going on, again a lot of this coming from the DTC?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. I think one of things that I've been really focused on in the last year is creating an Omni-channel organization and the DTC team is working very closely with the wholesale team. And that's something that our Deckers culture allows to happen very easily. And so the feedback that we get from our stores is quickly fed into the wholesale channel and fed into the account and we have very strong relationships, as you know, with our wholesale vendors in North America and Europe. And they are jumping to the table with more open to buy for new categories, particularly in spring. We had great sell-through in extensions beyond the core classic into casual shoes and sandals this spring. And so they're seeing a formula for the success that helps diversify our brand in their stores and also give them a more year-round business as well. We've had great success with the lounge category extension in some of our key accounts in North America. When it comes to segmenting our stores versus wholesale locations, we are doing that selectively, we're doing that in partnership with the wholesale locations. And one of things that we're really focused on is better segmenting our line between our DTC channels and our wholesale channels, so there is a reason to shop both.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: And the other thing really indicates a lot of strength with the brands from a consumer point of view, the consumer centric approach that we've taken allows us to be more reactive to what's happening in the market. And I think our wholesale customers are seeing that, they appreciate that, they realize that the consumer is moving very fast today, and is not in a mood to wait around for their needs to be met because everyone is a click away as much as anything else. And not to mention the nature of brands today requires that consumers to be in the center. And I think what our wholesale partners are seeing is that our brands are getting stronger, getting more relevant and adapting much quicker to the trends that are emerging in the marketplace.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: And I also think that they are seeing the benefit of a strong DTC business for all of our brands and how that also benefit our wholesale business.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI: Thanks for all the color, guys. Appreciate it.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Thank you.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Thanks, Omar.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Randy Konik from Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC: Great. Thanks a lot. I guess Dave, a question for you on the big picture around the premium core and kind of Slim strategy around classic. How should we be thinking about different SKU counts across those different platforms, how do you think about the distribution angle around that? And what do you really hope to accomplish around that? Should we see a changing trend or a reacceleration in classic, what are you trying to kind of hope there? And then I guess what I am also questioning – I like your comments around operational initiatives and just your commitment to leverage and if you guys can get that leverage this year, just want to try to get some color on, is there any kind of leverage or SG&A targets we should be thinking about over the coming years? And if not what areas of the operational initiatives, do you think would be most impactful for us to kind of focus in on to generate better margins over the long-term for the business? Thanks.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Thanks, Randy. So to just speak about the classics franchise, I'm super excited about the launch of this premium product that's coming out the end of next week, and then the Slim product that's coming out in holiday. I think our consumers are going to be thrilled to see the evolution of our classics style that they've known and loved for years, evolving into a more sophisticated silhouette and also evolving into more premium materials. And I think it just extends that franchise into new consumers and allows us to segment the product differently. The launch of the premium collection next week is a DTC launch, and I think we can do more of those going forward, where we launch new innovative products in our DTC channels first, get a read on them, and test them, and then we'll have a better understanding of how that will work for the consumer in the wholesale marketplace. So, it really allows us to extend, grow and reach that franchise into new channels and new consumers. And it's something that I think is going to be a continued focus for us as we look to take this classics franchise to the next level over the next few years. We are also looking at ways we can evolve the classic style, doing some tests on that with product innovation going into next year. Will there be a little bit of cannibalization? There may be in some of the core styles and when we introduce a product like luxe or the slim, but I think overall it's a plus business for the franchise and for the brand and I'm super excited about those launches. Regarding your question around operating leverage, we are very focused from a DTC perspective on creating efficiencies across our fleet of stores and e-commerce business globally, looking to where we can share resources across those channels, looking for how we can be more efficient in our stores. I think the fact that our trailing 12 months performance in DTC, our contribution actually over the last 12 months, have increased versus the year before despite some of the traffic headwinds we've had, speaks to our diligence around leverage and efficiencies in the business. I can let Tom speak to you, SG&A targets, but I think David Lafitte and his team are very focused on creating efficiencies that he can speak to, but we're partnering very closely with the operations team and supply chain team to find efficiencies in how we bring footwear to market, working closely with our factories, margin opportunities. And I'll let David speak to a couple of those if he could.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yeah. By the way, I neglected to mention that David Lafitte is also in the room with us.
David E. Lafitte - Chief Operating Officer: Hi, Randy. This is David Lafitte. So, in addition, even simple things we're working on, establishment of a procurement function to make sure we're able to obtain savings in our non-trade spend for example. Our product development team has taken up the mantra of being sort of the conscience of the brand and working closely with the brand to make sure we're minimizing any SKU proliferation and minimizing drops and adds of SKUs late down the development process. On the margin side, we are working with our sourcing base to probably contract that base a little bit and ease the administrative burden of managing that group. But we also think that we're going to treat these factories as better partners, because we see opportunities for both us and our factory base to improve and really create a sustainable relationship going forward. So those are a few of the things we're working on among others.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. One other point I would add on that, Randy, is working with the brand teams over the last four months, we've been very focused on reduction of SKU count proliferation across the line and really getting the teams focused on developing SKUs that are going to be the most productive for us, bringing big ideas and big initiatives to market and really focusing on franchise items and categories versus assortment that can really drive volume for us and make us much more efficient through the development process as well.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: And by the way, our wholesale partners are applauding this.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: It's obvious when you see the product line; there is not a lot of fat in the product line.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah, yeah.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: It's now a question of how much – which of these are going to be the biggest volume drivers versus having to make some sort of fashion choices and adding another color, et cetera.
David E. Lafitte - Chief Operating Officer: And we could support it with marketing.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: And I'd say from a target perspective, we've never been more confident, more comfortable in our ability to gain more and more leverage as the years go by. So we're very comfortable reiterating our targets relative to a mid-teens operating margin going forward.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC: Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Thanks, Randy.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Laurent Vasilescu from Macquarie. Please proceed with your question.
Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my questions. Can you parse out a bit more the global DTC comp by region, maybe some color on the Japan comp versus the China comp? And then can you remind us what the percentage of DTC spend is done by tourism in the U.S.?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Well, just to speak to the DTC comp, so we're speaking to a total DTC comp going forward. I can tell you that in EMEA and Asia Pacific, the DTC comps are low single-digits compared to what we have in North America. But at a high level we said were flat for the quarter, but there is a very positive trend in North America e-commerce and then the European, Asia-Pacific DTC businesses. Still the challenges that we're seeing with regards to the comp are our tourist locations, as we mentioned on the call; that continues to be a headwind of ours that we're dealing with from the FX exchanges, but we see us being able to comp that business and return to a more normalized low single-digit comp for total DTC throughout the year.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: I'd say, just to add generally speaking going forward, we still see some challenging comps in North America, but we're seeing some improvement in Europe going forward and we're seeing some continued improvement in Asia Pacific, driven mainly by our Japan business.
Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Great. And then to have a better understanding of the SKU reduction comments that were in the prepared remarks, can you remind us how many SKUs you have in the UGG brand? And then is that one of the brands that you're going to look to reduce SKU counts? And if so, by how much?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah. I don't have the specific numbers for total SKUs in the UGG brand. I don't know that it would be that relevant for you anyway, but I would say generally speaking across all of our brands, we're targeting roughly about a 20% reduction in SKU count target. The one caveat within UGG though is we're looking to do more flow more often. So while we'll reduce SKU counts overall, we still need 12 drops of product a month for our DTC business to be able to – sorry a year – to be able to chase some of those trends. But overall, for all the brands we're starting with a target of about 20% reduction in overall SKUs.
Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Okay. Great. Thank you very much. And then, if I can ask one last question. On HOKA, I think last quarter, you guys mentioned that that business has a low 40% gross margin. I was curious to know if there is any structural challenge within the athletics space where it would prevent you from getting to a high 40% gross margin?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Just comes down to volume. Now that it's a 100% wholesale business – primarily wholesale business and still in startup phase from a production standpoint, and once we get into more volume, we see a little bit of expansion opportunities there and get into the right factories.
David E. Lafitte - Chief Operating Officer: Yeah. This is David Lafitte. I also think we're looking at ways to value engineer some of the products, which make sure the product is very solid, but there are certain things that I think we can improve upon and take some of the cost out of there as well.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Also there's a lot of innovation. I mean, it's like every time I turnaround there's a new innovative idea, whether it's molding or it's materials that are allowing us to redefine what that road feel is like for that shoe, for that brand. It's very exciting. But of course, some of these innovations also happen to come at a better price. And so very excited about that. I think one of the things that HOKA does, obviously from the beginning it was visually disruptive. It looked like no other shoe you ever saw. But there was also a lot that is invisible and that is in the design, the engineering, the geometry of the shoe, all of these things are opportunities for us to redefine what a great running shoe is supposed to be. And we're using new technologies in the development of the product like 3D printing for example, which are allowing us to take a lot of the effort and energy out of the development cycle and which also improves our margins and that's a big advantage.
Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Capital (USA), Inc.: Thank you. Best of luck.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Thank you.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from Taposh Bari from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Hey, guys, good afternoon. Dave, I was hoping you can speak more about your decision to slow the number of new stores this year. I think in the past you'd provided 200 stores as a potential longer term target. I guess the question is, is that still on the table? Is it possible? Is it likely? And I guess ultimately, how do stores tie into what you're seeing in the e-comm channel both in terms of revenues and profits?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yeah, so good question. The decision to reduce our store count from 16 to 11 this year, really is based on real estate opportunities and some of the learnings we had last year with some pop-up tests that we had. So we'll still have 11 openings of owned stores, but in Japan, we found three great locations that we can do as a pop-up to test the geographics of that location, to see if it's an area that we want to expand into with a full price owned store. So the economics were great. It allows us to test and it gives us great return on sales in Q3 and Q4. So we're going to take three of those stores and turn them into pop-ups. The other decision was to hold up on a Hong Kong store that we had planned this year. We are originally looking at a location in Macau that we decided was too risky in the current environment of Hong Kong and the traffic patterns in Macau. But I'd say the slowdown from 16 to 11 doesn't impede our ability to get to close to that 200 number. We still have an aggressive plan going forward, there's some great store locations next year in the plan that we're working on now and so it really doesn't impede our ability to get to that 200 target.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: And we've always said that, our stores must be profitable. We've always driven a business model to run our retail operation that really has, I think a very high bar for profitability as you're seeing with the performance that Dave was talking about earlier. And so when we come across a scenario that we question, at that point you know what, that's probably one we can do without and that's how we'll continue to look at the portfolio of stores.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yes.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: We
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: And then the other question I had, maybe for Angel, a lot of excitement around new product initiatives for the back half. Can you talk about your marketing budget this year? I think last year it was about 6% of sales and it's obviously crept up over time. I guess, where are you planning marketing this year and where do you ultimately see that line settling out relative to sales?
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Well, we'll continue to put a lot of emphasis and focus on digital marketing. We're starting to develop a lot of power around our CRM data. One of the advantages of having a DTC function is that you get to have a direct relationship with your consumer. So that's informing a lot of the product decisions that we're making. This classic slim is a great example. That came right from our consumers, and we learnt this a while ago that there was a significant number of women out there, 23.7% I think the number was, who said that they love UGG, they love the idea of shearling and sheepskin and comfort and luxury, but they couldn't get past the shape of the product. And this UGG Slim is a great answer to that. I think it opens the door to almost 24% of women who now don't have a reason to object to the UGG branding because everybody loves surely what it feels like. There were people objecting to the look of the product. In terms of our overall sort of philosophy about marketing, we're going to continue to drive as best we can not only a higher marketing spend but also a much more efficient marketing spend, which allows us I think to solidify the relation with consumers.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: And as a percentage of sales to push marketing it's going to be very similar to the prior year, but to Angel's point, it's reallocation and more efficiency.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yes. Just to speak to that real quick. One of the things that we're really focused on is creating leverage in the organization and SG&A savings that we can invest into the brand and a key area of focus for investment into the brand is in marketing. We have opportunity internationally for all of our brands, particularly in China, and we have opportunity to invest more in the brands in North America through some really focused targeted digital campaigns. We have a new Head of Marketing Orchestration who is basically running our digital marketing for all of our brands, Jim Davis came onto the team about six months ago. He is bringing in some incredible capabilities. He is reevaluating our spend by channel and return on investment. He is working with agencies to make sure our spend is more effective and we're launching a loyalty program and a CRM program in the coming months that are going to allow us to better connect and be much more targeted with our consumers. And I think you're going to see the benefits of that and it's a healthy investment for the company.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great to hear. Good luck this fall, winter.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Thanks.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Corinna Van der Ghinst from Citi. Please proceed with your question.
Corinna G. Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Thank you. Hi. First I have a follow-up on the low...
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Hi.
Corinna G. Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, I had a follow-up on the low single-digit direct-to-consumer comp gain that you had in Europe this first quarter. Aside from FX, can you comment on how you're feeling about the European consumer now that we've got seven months of the year under our belt. And how are you planning the fall, winter business in Europe this year? Are you guys changing anything about the timing of your boot shipments, and is the open-to-buy shift towards fashion similar to what we're seeing in the United States?
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: So just to reiterate, so just to clarify one of the things I had said earlier. The DTC comp in Europe was low double-digits, not low single-digits, so just to get that clarified because I think I misspoke on that. Can you just clarify your second question there, Corinna?
Corinna G. Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Sure. Just if you're seeing any change in the cadence of how you guys – the timing of your shipments going into those markets? And then also, we saw pretty significant shift in the open-to-buy dollars in the U.S. with retailers shifting more towards fashion products and away from some of the core classics. I'm just wondering if you're seeing a similar pattern in Europe?
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yes. We're seeing very similar pattern in Europe, because we orchestrated it that way. And so the conversations we've had with wholesalers is based off the learnings from last Q3 where we missed opportunity in casual boots and weather, we've worked with them closely to adjust their open-to-buy to be much heavier into those two categories. But we still have the opportunity to chase classics business and seasons. So we're taking an inventory position on classics and the hope is there that they will have positive sell through in casual boots and weather and some of the non-core categories. And then they will come back for filling in the classics business. But the trend that we're seeing and the timing in Europe is very similar to what we have in North America.
Corinna G. Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. And then apologies if I missed this nuance earlier, but can you give us a little color on where the new premium and slim classics are being picked up at retail so far? Should we see it in your major U.S. accounts come fall or is it really just being tested in your owned stores and e-commerce at this point?
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yes. Great question. So the premium style that is actually launching next Thursday. So you'll see that on our site and in our stores only next Thursday. That is pretty much solely a DTC exclusive, which is great. It's going to bring us higher average price points to our line and also drive traffic to those channels, which we're very excited about. And then the slim collection is a global launch as well in DTC. In North America it will be in select wholesalers such as Dillard's and Nordstrom. And then in European markets it will be in key wholesalers as well.
Corinna G. Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you. I'm excited to look out for those.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yes. Me too.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Mitch Kummetz from B. Riley. Please proceed with your question.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Yes. Thanks for taking my questions. First question, just on the cadence of your sales guidance for the balance of the year, up 1% for Q2 then 9%, then 18%. Just trying to get a better understanding of that. I know there were some shifts happening last year that you're anniversarying and some of that was driven by international. I guess that that's changed. But if I'm not mistaken your domestic wholesale partners were taking product earlier last year, too, as they were buying in the sort of transitional product. Is something happening there that's shifting back? I'm a little surprised by that I guess.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Okay, Mitch. Let me just clarify a few things because it's probably going to come out in some later questions. First, the Q2 revenue guidance, that has the biggest currency headwind of all the quarters and also just to reiterate, last year we had orders shipped in Q2 that were planned for Q3. And this combined with the currency headwinds really makes a more equivalent Q2 revenue growth of 9%. And then in terms of just the back half guidance when you look at the third quarter and the first quarter combined, the shift works the other direction on the third quarter and in addition our pre-book for Q3 really supports a significant amount of growth and we're better positioned from both a marketing and inventory perspective to mitigate the risk of missing sales and better capitalize on the weather, especially around the casual boot and their classic reorder opportunities as well. So does that help clarify some of that?
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Yes, it does. Go ahead.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: I can add a little bit of color to that. If you think about the opportunities that we missed in UGG the last Q3 and into Q4 because we sold out of casual boots and weather product that wholesalers and our own channels were looking for. As we stated in the last call, we've taken a deeper inventory position in some of those key categories, so we can have a stronger fill-in business in the season, but that will also lead into stronger business in Q4. And then across the board, the sell-through for all of our brands this past spring in extended categories beyond core and some of the key franchises in Sanuk, Teva and HOKA are leading to very healthy spring discussions with their key accounts going forward, too. So those two factors are the main drivers for the growth in Q3 and Q4.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Let me just follow-up on that because that's kind of where my second question was going anyway. I know you've orchestrated the order book to favor some of this fashion cold weather product versus core and you're expecting fill-ins in Qs three and four on core. What's your assumption around that? I mean, is the guidance at this point assuming a decent – I guess, I'm asking you this because you lack visibility on that because you don't have an order in hand for it. So I'm just trying to get a better sense as to how conservative or aggressive you're being with your assumptions around those fill-ins on core based on how you kind of set up the back half?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Yes, Mitch. This is Tom. Let's focus on the U.S. wholesale for UGG and we're still assuming reorders and cancellations are net-net, but I want to point out we do have the opportunity to chase fill-in business for classics and that would be upside to our numbers.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Okay.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: But generally speaking the plan, the way we plan it is relatively conservative.
Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley & Co. LLC: Okay. Got it. That's all I needed. Thanks, guys.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Thank you.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Corinna Freedman from BB&T Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Corinna Lynn Freedman - BB&T Capital Markets: Hi. Good evening, guys. Most of my questions have been asked and answered. I wanted to dig in a little on the merchandising initiatives. Last year you had a big home initiative and also did some apparel. What's the status of those this year?
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yes, great question. Those are pretty exciting categories for us, especially the lounge category. We've recently, since the success of the initial launch in some of the key wholesalers, we've now put in place a dedicated sales team around that product category, and so we're seeing great reaction in some of our key accounts, again like Nordstrom's and Dillard's. And so we see nothing but momentum in that category. Still small obviously from a total contribution perspective, but the reaction for the consumer, the open-to-buy that's being generated for that business from our key accounts. Also a lot of independents are coming looking for that product, speaks to the opportunity we have within that apparel category, and how it's resonating with the consumer. Internationally, we still are in the early days. We're getting that into some of our DTC channels and a couple key accounts, but our goal is to really nail the success of that category here first. Home, I would say is more of a brand extension that creates excitement for the brand, another touch point for the brand. I don't see that as a major revenue driver, but again it brings UGG to the consumer in a new way that still delivers on the equities of the brand and we're looking at opportunities to bring that into some key accounts as well.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yes, and let me also add that, I think last year, and I've said this before – I think last year we made a mistake by focusing on a brand campaign during the holiday season versus the prior year where we were much more product focused during the holiday season. And in doing that, we gave the consumer a new reason to replenish their classic and their core product. This year you're going to see a return to that tried-and-true method. You're going to see a lot of reasons to go out and replenish that UGG core classic that you've got, probably now that it's two years old and our research shows that our consumer replenishes the core product every two years. So we think we're in a good cycle and we think we've got a campaign that's going to give a lot of stimulus to this need to go replace your old pair of UGG Classic.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Yes, I think that's a good point. And I know you didn't specifically ask for marketing, but I think the campaigns you're going to see starting next week with our premium product launch and then specifically going into holiday and our classic launch, we've made the decision to go back to product focused campaigns – still have an emotional connection with the consumer, but are really driving the consumer towards big ideas for the brand, new innovative product that we're bringing to the market. But at the same time, through social and digital and direct marketing opportunities, we're going to be talking to our consumers about replenishing their classics on a more frequent basis as well.
Corinna Lynn Freedman - BB&T Capital Markets: Great. And back to that new slim product, have you tested this item and I know you said you're expecting some cannibalization, but have you quantified what that might be?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: We're actually in the process of doing some focus groups right now with all three of our products and getting direct feedback, so that can influence our inventory position going forward. So it's early days on that. I will tell you that that product, I do believe, will bring a new consumer to the brand. It is, from a wearing occasion perspective, it's the kind of boot that you can wear to work, you can wear it out to dinner and dress it up, but it also has a comfort story to it. We're using our Treadlite technology in the outsole; it has arch support in the footbed liner; it has stain resistant defender on the outside of the boot. So I do believe that it's going to bring a new consumer to the table. It's also an extended wearing occasion. So it might have some cannibalization, but you'll still go home and wear your Classic UGG on a casual wearing occasion too.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: And it's also at a higher price.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yes.
Corinna Lynn Freedman - BB&T Capital Markets: And what's the launch date of that?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: It varies by region, but essentially mid-November in North America. Yes, and as Angel said, it is at a higher price point so it helps their AURs.
Corinna Lynn Freedman - BB&T Capital Markets: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question today is coming from Bob Drbul from Nomura. Please proceed with your question.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Hi. Good evening. I just got a couple questions. Can you talk a little bit about the men's product in terms of the expectations, what you're seeing in the expectations for the year? And I'm just curious on the marketing front, Tom Brady has been in the news a little bit lately, I just wonder if there's any updated thoughts on your men's spokesperson?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yes. Great question, Bob. I am very, very bullish on our opportunity in the men's business. We actually recently have brought on – he hasn't officially started yet, but a gentlemen by the name Robert Koenen who has great footwear experience at Timberland and Cat and Hush Puppies for the Wolverine brand. He understands the men's business extremely well. He understands footwear. He understands the distribution channels and what it takes to win, and so he is going to start in August. He is already engaged in a couple conversations around redeveloping the focus for the line, building franchise styles, building franchise items. We've had some great success recently with our Treadlite program that we launched in spring and our Twinsole program. Our slippers business continues to be very strong. I think you're going to see some great response to our fall and winter boots this year. So I'd say we're at the tipping point where I think the men's business is going to start to takeoff. It's a healthy business for us, particularly internationally in DTC, and it's going to be a continued focus for us going forward. We think we can add significant growth to that category. With regards to marketing and Tom Brady, we are still in a healthy relationship with Tom. We still think he adds value to the portfolio into the men's business. We're going to be selective I think on how we use him going into the fall campaign, knowing that there is a polarized view of him in the media right now. But we're going through that process right now and watching the news closely, but we'll still use him in a focused way to drive sales to keep product going into fall.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: And I'm not sure if you went into this, but I was just wondering is there an update on the search for President of the UGG Brand?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: No updates since our last call. We're still speaking to candidates. I spoke to one this morning. We are very selective on who comes in to fill that role, both from an experience perspective, somebody who is a strategic visionary leader, but also fits within our culture and can further develop our teams and the business. So no new news, but we're still focused on finding the right person that we think can take that brand to the next level over the coming years.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: We're being very selective, as Dave said, and this person is going to have very big shoes to fill with Connie's departure. So it's a very tough act to follow, but the person is out there.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: The one thing I would say in addition to that though is that the UGG team, absent Connie's departure, has done a tremendous job of running the business. We have just gone through a restructure of the business where we're developing a product management category – or sorry, function within the business and the team, really shoring up our design and marketing capabilities, bringing in the head of men's. We're looking for a head of women's at the same time. So it's an opportunity for us to restructure the brand for the next phase of growth, and the team has done a tremendous job of doing that along with myself and the key people in HR over the last couple months getting ready for the new brand president.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Great. I just had one more question. The share repurchase program, Tom, how should we model that or think about the authorization that remains and the share count and expectations over the next several quarters?
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: What we've included in our guidance is the share repurchase we had over the last quarter, so that's what the current share count assumes. I think, we really can't get into commenting about when and what price we're going to be repurchasing stock going forward. But we've got $127 million left on that authorization. You can see that we've done a good job repurchasing stock.
Bob S. Drbul - Nomura Securities International, Inc.: Thank you very much.
Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. In the interest of time, our final question today will be coming from Howard Tubin from Guggenheim Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Howard Brett Tubin - Guggenheim Securities LLC: Great. Thanks very much guys. Can you just talk maybe for one more minute about Sanuk and how you're feeling in general about the brand and what you're seeing in the specialty channel there?
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yes, I can speak to that. So this is Dave, Howard. So a couple things. The results of the last quarter are not indicative of the opportunity for that brand is the first thing I would say. Some of the challenges that we had were focused on the core specialty surf distribution, and in the Texas region we've had difficulty with weather. So, putting that aside, the opportunity based off some of the recent distribution success we've had in some of the new areas of distribution for that brand have been very successful and I think speaks to the opportunity going forward both in that new distribution but also with the female consumer. And the team is really focused on what I would call these franchise items. The Yoga Sling is becoming one of the hottest items in the portfolio actually, and I think there is tremendous upside to extend that franchise item into new distribution, into new iterations, different price points. And in the men's area of the business, focusing on the casual canvas opportunity and reinventing the SIDEWALK SURFERS to expand the reach to a new consumer beyond core surf. I think all of those speak to the success that we've recently had and the opportunity going forward particularly next year.
Howard Brett Tubin - Guggenheim Securities LLC: That's great. Thanks. Appreciate it.
David Powers - President, Deckers Brands: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the floor back over to management for any further closing comments.
Angel R. Martinez - Chairman and CEO: Well, thank you all. I really appreciate your questions and your time today on our call. As you can see, I think we're very excited. We have a lot of great opportunities going forward. And the brands continue to evolve and develop and gain power and momentum in the marketplace. So looking forward to sharing our results with you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-05-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Brendon Frey - Investor Relations, Managing Director at ICR Angel Martinez - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Dave Powers - President of Deckers Tom George - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Bob Drbul - Nomura Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity Mitch Kummetz - B. Riley Jay Sole - Morgan Stanley Sam Poser - Sterne Agee Scott Krasik - Buckingham Research Eric Tracy - Janney Capital Omar Saad - Evercore ISI Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray Randy Konik - Jefferies Danielle McCoy - Wunderlich
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands fourth quarter and full fiscal 2015 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to our host, Brendon Frey, Managing Director of ICR. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Brendon Frey: Welcome everyone joining us today. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities which statements are subject to considerable risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements made on this call other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These may include statements relating to the company's anticipated financial performance, including its projected revenues, expenses, gross margin, operating margin, capital expenditures, earnings per share and effective tax rate. These statements may also relate to the company's brand strategies, store expansion plans, inventory management systems and retailer retention policies as well as the outlook for the company's markets and the demand for its products. Forward-looking statements made on this call represent our current expectations and are based on currently available information. Forward-looking statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from any results predicted assumed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its Annual Report on Form 10-K. Given these risks and uncertainties, listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by the applicable law or the listing rules of the New York Stock Exchange, the company expressly disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations or as a result of the availability of new information. As a reminder, we have posted supplemental information about the 2015 fourth quarter in a document entitled Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2015 Commentary. This document is on our corporate website at www.deckers.com. You can access this document by clicking on the Investor Information tab and then scrolling down to the Featured Reports heading. With that, I will now turn it over to Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors, Angel Martinez.
Angel Martinez: Well, thanks, Brendon. Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today. With me on the call is Dave Powers, President of Deckers Brands and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Our fourth quarter performance capped off a year of solid growth despite significant foreign exchange headwinds. On a reported basis, revenues for the quarter was $340.6 million, an increase of 16% over last year and ahead of guidance by approximately $15 million. On a constant currency basis, revenue was up 19% from last year. For fiscal 2015, revenue grew 15% to a record $1.8 billion, or 16% on a constant currency basis. Our growth was fueled by the successful execution of key growth strategies for our brand, channels and geographies, all of which focus on winning with the consumer. Let's begin with the UGG brand, where our strategy has been to develop a global year-round luxurious comfort brand with a diversified product offering. This quarter, we further evolved the lifestyle nature of the brand through new product introductions aimed at broadening the brand's commercial appeal, diversifying the merchandise mix and reducing the dependency on weather. Our performance this past holiday season, when consumer demand for specialty classics, weather and casual boots outpaced supply was a clear indication that our product strategy is working. Similar trends played out with our wholesale accounts during the fall 2015 pre-book, which Dave will go through in more detail shortly. HOKA ONE ONE is growing rapidly and is strategically important as it extends our reach into athletic, a market where we previously did not have a brand to build a business in. Through great product design, we have quickly increased the penetration of women's to achieve parity with men's, while also expanding distribution beyond specialty running accounts into more mainstream retailers with larger geographic footprint. The Teva brand is enjoying a resurgence at retail, thanks to the successful execution of our strategy to focus on the brand's roots as the original sport sandals. This shift in strategy has generated excitement among our own new and former Teva consumers, garnered interest from other iconic brands that have led to exciting collaborations and opened up new points of distribution, including overseas where Teva's share of the sport sandal market is underpenetrated compared to the U.S. Our strategy to evolve the Sanuk brand from primarily a man's surf brand into a global lifestyle brand continues to unfold. This has been fueled by a heightened focus on women through innovative new products such as the brand's Yoga series of sandal and shoes which has opened up distribution with leading department stores and specialty retailers. With the Ahnu brand, our strategy has been to cater to the modern women's active lifestyle. In line with this strategy, Ahnu recently launched a collection of performance-based YogaSport footwear that we believe further differentiates the brand in the market and represents an exciting new growth vehicle. On the channel front, we continue to evolve our omni-channel capabilities to execute on our strategy to better serve our consumers wherever, whenever and however they choose to engage with our brand. The integration of stores and digital has reshaped the way we look at our geographic footprint. The proliferation of technology is helping us determine the most effective way to reach consumers in each specific market and region. We are also continuing to enhance consumer experience in-store and on our e-commerce sites, primarily through expanded functionality of programs like Infinite UGG, Buy Online, Return In Store, Click and Collect and Retail Inventory Online. We believe the work we have done, elevating the omni-channel experience, is paying dividends, evidenced by the 8% DTC comp increase for fiscal 2015. Outside the U.S., we made important changes to our operating structure to best capitalize on the many international opportunities we believe exist going forward. This included moving to direct distribution in Germany, expanding our e-commerce presence in Asia and reshaping our retail footprint by selectively opening locations in underpenetrated areas and transitioning some company-owned stores in China to partner. In the year to come, we are going to continue to build on these accomplishments. The company is rapidly evolving and growing, which is creating new opportunities for brands and our organization. With growth comes change and during the quarter we strengthened our leadership structure, which we believe will benefit our long-term performance. First, we elevated Dave Powers to the role of President of Deckers Brands. Dave has demonstrated incredible leadership driving our omni-channel efforts and transforming our organization to be consumer focused. In his new role of President, Dave will be able to drive greater cohesion between our brands, channels and regions to ensure that we are best positioned to drive growth within each of our leading brand's respective category. Second, we recently appointed Wendy Yang President of Teva. Wendy has an extensive background in footwear brand building with experience at New Balance, Stride Rite, Timberland, Tommy Hilfiger and Reebok. She joins us from New Balance where she was a General Manager of New Balance Athletic Shoe overseeing the brand's $800 million lifestyle show business. On the opposite end of the spectrum, we are losing an influential member of this organization, as Connie Rishwain, President of UGG And Fashion And Lifestyle Brands announced her decision to step down in July. During Connie's twenty-year tenure with Deckers, she spearheaded the brand's evolution from a Southern California après surf brand into $1.5 billion global lifestyle brand. She is a true visionary and thanks to her exceptional work, the UGG brand is well-positioned for continued success. We wish Connie all the best in her future pursuits. With that, I will turn the call over to Dave Powers.
Dave Powers: Thank you, Angel. As Angel said, we continue to execute on our strategies and had a successful quarter with positive growth coming from all brands and channels. Our success in evolving the UGG brand's spring line and weather collection as well as growing contribution from Teva, Sanuk and HOKA has made the fourth quarter increasingly important for the company. Beginning with our DTC performance, total DTC sales increased 14%, driven by a 5% comp increase, our 10th consecutive quarter of positive comps and solid contributions from the stores that we opened in the last year. Our DTC gains are again driven by our e-commerce channel, which increased 27% on a comparable basis. Store comps improve versus third quarter trends but nevertheless were down mid-single digits due to decreased traffic and lower AUR, partially offset by higher conversion. As a final reminder, beginning in fiscal 2016, we will no longer breakout our store and e-commerce comp performance and instead we will only report on a combined DTC comp as we believe this is the best way to evaluate the health of the channel, now that stores and digital are so intertwined. I am now going to review UGG performance by region, with color on each of the major channel drivers. Starting with North America, DTC comps were roughly flat compared to the same period last year. The comp was helped by continued growth coming from e-commerce and offset primarily by declines in sales at our tourist flagship driven locations. We continue to see strong U.S. dollar impacting international tourist traffic to our Hawaii, Las Vegas and New York stores. These stores collectively represent a disproportionate dollar amount of both our North American and global comp base, so their underperformance has a significant effect on our comp figure. The UGG brand's domestic wholesale business increased low single digits, fueled by sales of spring season collections and winter weather boots. We saw success in our spring sales with our key partners who invested this year more heavily in traditional spring products. Demand for weather product was also very strong coming out of holiday. In order to best capitalize on this in-season opportunity, we increased our use of air freight to avoid the delays caused by the West Coast port slowdown. Now to EMEA. UGG delivered a strong quarter across the board with growth in both our DTC and wholesale channels. DTC comps increased high teens driven by e-commerce sales and a positive store comp. Our new leadership and digital marketing efforts in the region have led to improved performance in our stores and e-commerce businesses. Our success is also due to a sharper focus on developing compelling seasonal spring product especially for the DTC channel. Our decision to convert our German distributor to a subsidiary benefited our wholesale results and has proven very timely as we see a lot of opportunity to grow the UGG brand across all channels in this large and important market. Turning to Asia-Pacific, which was our fastest-growing region during the fourth quarter. DTC comps increase low double digits driven by strong e-commerce and store gains in Japan. Our teams continue to execute against our marketplace strategy in Japan with our men's business being particularly strong. Our success in men's was driven this past quarter by our men's Treadlite collection, which was a big part of our spring marketing campaign. In China, the team is making progress working through the merchandising and allocation issues that impacted the third quarter and the DTC team here in California are continuing to provide additional support as we build up our regional team in Shanghai. We are confident that the adjustments we have made to the product offering and our allocation of merchandising planning will lead to improved performance in our company-owned stores this fall. With regards to our expansion strategy in China, the current plan is to shift more heavily towards partner operated doors. At the end of fiscal 2015, there were 23 partner operated UGG stores in China, which included the seven own stores that were transferred during the year. For fiscal 2016, we expect the number of partner doors to roughly double, mostly through new store openings, but will likely include a few more company-owned transfers. For our own stores, we are temporary slowing the number of new store openings in most of our regions as well for fiscal 2016. The current plan is to open 16 net new stores globally compared to the 30 new stores opened in fiscal 2015. Of the 16, nine are outlets and seven are concept, with all of the concepts planned for the Asia-Pacific region, mostly in Japan, where the brand is performing extremely well. This year, we are focusing more of our investments on technology to drive increased consumer engagement. We are confident this strategy will help fuel growth going forward and maintain our healthy DTC operating margin. Moving over to UGG. For this year's backlog, we were strategically focused on quality and diversity when pre-booking fall. As we outlined in our Q3 call in January, many of our wholesale customers sold out of their non-classic inventory midseason, which lead to missed replenishment opportunities during the holidays. When planning for this upcoming season, we wanted to ensure that our retail partners were better positioned to capitalize on consumer demand. We are pleased to share that based on the strength of our fall and holiday 2015 line, we successfully shifted our women's core classics business from roughly 33% of UGG revenue to under 25% with growth coming from specialty classics, weather, casual boots, slippers and other categories. With this in mind, I am pleased with our results which show global UGG backlog at March 31 up slightly in constant currency with domestic orders up mid-single-digits, offset primarily by a decline in Europe where our distributors' buying power has been reduced due to the strong U.S. dollar. Total company backlog was up low single digits in constant currency. Given the change in the makeup of the UGG brand's fall order book, it's helpful to understand why the makeup of this year's order book is of greater confidence than the outlook for our wholesale business in fiscal 2016 and how the shift will impact our business going forward. Since retailers have pre-booked fewer classics in the past, we now have the ability to use our classic inventory to chase demand in-season. This strategic shift in the makeup has also reduced the risk of cancellations since classics tend to have a higher cancellation rate than our other collections due to their sales sensitivity to cold weather. Our sales team has done an excellent job of working with our wholesalers and we are excited about how this shift positions the UGG brand long-term in line with our new marketing emphasis on product launches. Now to the performance of our other brands. The repositioning Teva to be more relevant to women and to attack the casual and sports sandals categories is paying dividends. Teva continues to generate strong consumer enthusiasm with its originals collection and originals derivatives, which are opening up new distribution and specialty accounts in family footwear chains. These collections, including the newly introduced Flatform Original Sandal and our strategic collaborations have generated significant buzz in the marketplace and are helping us expand our presence within existing partners such as Nordstrom and Urban Outfitters. The same is true in our international markets where the refreshed products, along with concentrated marketing efforts are driving growth and expansion into lifestyle retailers in EMEA and APAC. Moving to Sanuk. Consistent with our strategy, the brand has officially expanded beyond core surf distribution into key wholesale accounts like Journeys and Tilly's as well as all doors at Nordstrom. This has allowed Sanuk to reach a wider female driven audience. As a result, the Sanuk business is now more balanced with 50% of its sales coming from women. Demand for the brand's new or non-core offering has grown significantly, led by the women's Yoga Sandal collection, which is selling through a double-digit percentage rate on a weekly basis this spring. On the men's side, our efforts to gain share in the casual shoes category are bearing fruit. The Boulevard collection, the brand's first casual shoe offering has quickly become the second best-selling men's collection on Sanuk.com behind only the brand's iconic Sidewalk Surfer collection. The brand's expanded distribution, strong digital trends as well as a more robust product offering that now includes casual shoes, position the brand well to compete in the large casual sandal and shoe market against key players such as TOMS and Havaianas. Now to HOKA which is having great top line success and recently exceeded $50 million in sales in fiscal 2015. This is a remarkable achievement for a brand that has only been in the market for a few years and operates in the highly competitive running industry. HOKA's share of neutral cushioning space in the specialty and running channel is now larger than several well-known brands like New Balance and Adidas. What's also remarkable about HOKA's rapid growth is the fact that until recently distribution was limited to the specialty running channel, which is highly fragmented and made up of primarily independent stores and small regional chains. HOKA recently began initial expansion into more mainstream running and sporting goods retailers like Sports Authority and Finish Line, which opens up the brand to a much wider audience. Product innovation continues to be the key growth driver and this year, HOKA will release updates to award-winning styles such as the Clifton and the Bondi, while also expanding into new footwear categories including hiking, where we believe the brand's oversize outsole will provide to be an attractive and differentiating feature at retail. HOKA is now a credible and meaningful player in the running community with strong acceptance by female runners. This acceptance and expansion beyond ultra running gives us confidence in our aggressive growth plans for the brand. As you have just heard, each of our brands is starting the new fiscal year with solid momentum driven by a combination of compelling new products and select new points of distribution. We are confident that we have the right teams, plans and processes in place to capitalize on the many opportunities we believe lie ahead. Looking forward, I want to address the opportunity that I see ahead of us in my new role. My focus will be on leveraging the strength of our Deckers brand portfolio to drive sustainable growth and profitability, create synergy across the organization and continue to evolve our omni-channel capabilities and DTC operations. We will prioritize consumer engagement and digital marketing capabilities for all of our brands. We will leverage the authenticity and strength of our emerging brands to attack meaningful categories globally, create new distribution opportunities and improve overall operating margin. Simultaneously, we will continue to build on the global lifestyle offering of our flagship of UGG brand to drive continued growth across all channels and regions with a strong focus on the evolution of our classics category and the expansion of casual and winter boots as well as men's and loungewear. Finally, I want to announce that we recently acquired the Koolaburra brand, a sheepskin and wool based footwear brand with current product silhouettes that mimic the UGG classic and certain derivatives. We plan to quickly reposition Koolaburra over the next 12 months to enter the mid-tier market. This is a highly strategic acquisition for us that will allow us to compete in this market while maintaining the premium positioning of our UGG brand. We plan to leverage our design and development expertise, as well as our key account relationships to bring Koolaburra to market. We are very excited about this new addition to our brand portfolio and its potential to expand our addressable market. The current health of all our brands, the strength of our franchise styles, distribution expansion opportunities and the evolution of our DTC model gives me great confidence in our ability to drive healthy growth and profit for FY 2016 and beyond. With that, I will now turn the call over to Tom George.
Tom George: Good afternoon. As a reminder, we posted a commentary on the quarterly financials and a bridge to our fiscal 2016 guidance to our website under the Investor Information tab. Revenue increased 16% to $341 million in the fourth quarter. In constant dollars, revenue was $351 million, up 19% from last year. All brands posted solid revenue growth with UGG up 10%, Teva up 13%, Sanuk up 28% and HOKA up 80%. Our revenue in the quarter exceeded guidance by $15 million. This upside was driven primarily by approximately $9 million in our DTC channel and $6 million from our wholesale and distributors. For the year revenue grew 15% to $1.8 billion. In constant dollars, revenue was 16% higher for the year. The increase in revenue was driven by double digit growth for all brands aided by higher e-commerce sales, the conversion to direct distribution in Germany and the additional retail stores. Gross margin was 44.7% in the fourth quarter compared to 48.9% last year and versus our assumption of 47.2%. The largest component of the change on a year-over-year basis was driven by FX headwinds from the strengthening of the U.S. dollar. The difference versus our guidance was partially due to changes in FX, a higher proportion of closeouts and higher air freight charges in order to avoid the West Coast port delays. The closeouts include the liquidation of Tsubo inventory, which was worth about 60 basis points. For the year, our gross margin was 48.3% compared to 47.7%. We had approximately 120 basis point increase in gross margin, primarily due to lower input costs, a greater of the business from DTC and the Germany conversion. These gross margin tailwinds were offset by 60 basis point FX headwind due to the strengthening dollar. SG&A was 44.5% of sales in the fourth quarter, slightly better-than-expected due to higher sales combined with lower incentive compensation expense, compared to 49.1% a year ago. For the year, SG&A was 36% compared to 34.8% a year ago. For the quarter, we earned $0.04 per share versus an $0.08 loss a year ago. This was ahead of our guidance for breakeven and was driven by higher revenue partially offset by lower plan gross margin. For the year, the company earned $4.66 per share compared to $4.07 a year ago, representing an increase of 14.5%. During the quarter, the company repurchased approximately 1.3 million shares of its common stock at an average purchase price of $73.45, for a total of $93.9 million under its stock repurchase program. As of March 31, 2015, the company had used all of the authorized repurchase funds under its $200 million stock repurchase program announced in July 2012 and had $172.1 million authorized repurchase funds remaining under its $200 million stock repurchase program announced in January 2015. Now to guidance. For the full fiscal year 2016, we expect constant currency revenues to increase approximately 10.5% over fiscal 2015 levels. On a reported basis, based on current rates, we expect revenues to increase 8%, which is consistent with the preliminary guidance we have provided back in January for high single-digit growth. Included in our top line reported revenue assumption is global wholesale and distributor growth of 6% which includes UGG domestic wholesale growth of 7%, DTC comps in the low single-digit range and the addition to 16 new stores. On a reported basis by brand, we expect Teva to grow 9%, Sanuk to grow 11%, HOKA to grow 74% and UGG to grow 5% to 6%. In constant currency, UGG growth would be 8% to 9%. With respect to gross margins, due to strengthening of the U.S. dollar since the end of January, we now expect gross margins to be approximately 48% in fiscal 2016 compared with fiscal 2015 gross margins of 48.3%. The changes in guidance are due to foreign currency, which is reducing gross margins by 130 basis points partially offset by 50 basis points of improvement from lower sheepskin cost, including the benefit from UGG Pure and 50 basis points improvement from the increased penetration of our DTC channels. SG&A as a percentage of sales is projected to be 35.8% for the full year, which equates to 20 basis points of leverage compared with fiscal 2015. This is slightly below our previous forecast for 40 basis points of leverage due to fact that SG&A for fiscal 2015 came in under plan by roughly 20 basis points as a result of lower incentive compensation expense. As a reminder, most of the leverage for the year will be achieved in the back half of the fiscal year. For the full year, constant currency EPS is projected to be $5.60, representing an increase of 20%. On a reported basis, EPS is projected to be $5.09, representing an increase of 9% over fiscal 2015 EPS of $4.66, which is roughly $0.05 ahead of the initial guidance we have provided in January. The improved outlook is driven by a lower share count as a result of our recent repurchase activity, partially offset by the impact on gross margins from the stronger U.S. dollar. Our guidance is based on a weighted diluted share count for fiscal 2016 of approximately 33.9 million shares and 27% tax rate. CapEx for fiscal 2016 is projected to be roughly $65 million to $70 million with $10 million towards the buildout of our a rate of our Moreno Valley distribution center, $12 million in business transformation investments, $20 million in maintenance CapEx and $25 million in DTC infrastructure related to new store openings and e-commerce investments. For the first quarter, we expect revenue to be relatively flat compared with the same period a year ago on a reported basis and up slightly on a constant currency basis. We expect a diluted loss per share of approximately $1.52 on both reported and constant currency basis, compared to a diluted loss per share of $1.07 last year. As a reminder, a significant amount of our operating expenses are fixed and spread evenly on an absolute dollar basis throughout each quarter. I will now turn it back over to Angel for his closing comments.
Angel Martinez: Thanks, Tom. All in all, fiscal 2015 was a solid year. We delivered mid-teens top and bottom line growth even in the face of some stiff foreign exchange headwind. However, I believe the most important takeaway was the success of our new collections and the progress diversifying our mix of business from both a product and channel perspective. These are themes we will build on in the coming year. At the same time, we are incorporating important learnings from the past 12 months into our planning and execution that will help drive improved performance going forward. We are on track and fully committed to leveraging the investments we have made over the past several years to expand operating margins, which along with our current repurchase authorization will fuel increased value for our shareholders. To close, I want to thank the entire Deckers Brand team for delivering such a strong performance. This organization's ability to quickly adapt to the many changes we have encountered during the past few years is one of the greatest strength of this organization and why I continue to be so confident about the future. And with that, let me turn it over to the operator for the Q&A session. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Taposh Bari with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead with your question.
Taposh Bari: Good afternoon. I though if you could elaborate, Dave and Angel, on the recomposition of the order book at UGG, a few parts to the question. First, can you comment on what the margin and AFP look like for the core classics versus non-classic, call it specialty classics, this other part of the line? Two, what has retailer feedback been for these strategies? It seems like they are as willing to pre-book some of the new products, but if you can kind of elaborate more on that? And then finally, if you can address what the core classic inventory situation looks like out there in the channel, given now it seems like you are assuming some reorder on the core classic business in your guidance?
Dave Powers: Yes, great questions. So let me address the first one around margins and AFP. Margin expectations for the entire classic category is consistent with what we had in the past. So I would say that's relatively flat. Where you are going to see AFP improvement is in the specialty classics and we have done that strategically going after some higher price point product, particularly for the DTC channels to maintain ASPs and drive upside for that category. With regards to retailer feedback, it's actually been a very healthy process for the last couple of months in getting our pre-book. The retailers, they lived through Q3 with a missed opportunity. So they came to the table excited about casual boots, weather products, some of the fashion boots opportunities in specialty classics, because they saw the opportunity over the holiday season. So the order book that we have now, I think is a very healthy order book strategically because we have utilized the retailers open to buy to invest in these new emerging categories, strategically brought down the amount of core classic inventories within their mix, which allows us to chase that business in-season. So I think it's a much healthier order book going forward. The response and the collaboration from our partners has been very positive and I think we are very optimistic about the back half of the year as a result.
Taposh Bari: And the third piece of the question is the core classic inventory situation out there in internal?
Dave Powers: Yes. Its' pretty clean. We have been managing through that. We have been shifting out deliveries purposely based off some of the carryover that we had into the channel and we are just gearing up to be in a better shape to be able to feel that business in the back half of the year.
Taposh Bari: Great. Thanks, Dave. And two for you, Tom. SG&A dollar growth in the quarter was up pretty modestly, pretty massive decelerations from what we have been seeing out of the company. Is that a reflection of the new normal here? Or was there something anomalous in the quarter? And the second part and I will pass it along, is Germany, if you could quantify the revenue and EBIT contribution for fiscal 2015 and what you expect it to be for fiscal 2016? Thanks.
Tom George: On the SG&A, during the quarter, we had operating expense dynamics there. As we beat the sales number, we had some higher variable expenses, but we did have some reductions in our incentive comp expense during the quarter that sort of leveled off the SG&A on a year-over-year basis. And Germany, just the flip of the model from a distributor model to a subsidiary model, not counting the increased volumes we have generated. We have generated about $11 million of EBIT for the year, which was about 80 basis points improvement in gross margin. I wanted to say, for 2016, we really don't comment on individual countries.
Taposh Bari: Okay. Thank you, guys. Good luck.
Tom George: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bob Drbul with Nomura. Please go ahead with your question.
Bob Drbul: Thanks. Hi, good afternoon. Just got a couple of questions, I think. On the first one, was the visibility that you have on the wholesale business and especially the UGG business, how much classic inventory would you anticipate building to sort of be in a position to chase orders in the fall and winter period?
Dave Powers: Well, I think the first thing was our baselining off of last year and so last year it was, I would say, probably a more normalized year due to weather patterns and purchase recycled patterns. So we are baseline that and we are probably, I would say, up about 105 to 15% planning for the some upside in-season. But keep in mind, we are carrying more inventory to be able to chase that business. But we also have the flexibility in-season if we thought it necessary.
Bob Drbul: Got it. And then so when you have your order book and you sort of give us the total outlook for the year now, the assumptions on the direct to consumer business, given your order book, could you just talk us through how you are approaching and planning that piece of it as well?
Dave Powers: The DTC business?
Bob Drbul: Yes. The DTC.
Dave Powers: Yes. So we have guided to low single-digit comp across DTC globally. So I think that's a smart approach. I think we are conservatives, still having some traffic pattern challenges in our tourist locations. So the store is more on the conservative side. We still see healthy growth in e-commerce and that's continuing to be high teen growth. So I think that that is a solid business for us that we are just thinking a little bit more conservatively about how we are approaching it. But we do think that we have upside coming into the fall holiday season through some of the new product introductions and some of the marketing focus on key categories and key styles.
Bob Drbul: All right. And then with the mention of moving, I think it was in China, some of the stores that are going from Deckers owned to partnership stores, how will that influence the financials as we think about it from a modeling perspective?
Dave Powers: Yes. So the way you can think about it is, it flips from a retail dollars sale to a wholesale dollars sale, but on a net profitability, it's comparable.
Bob Drbul: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Dave Powers: Your are welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes fro the line of Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity. Please go ahead with your question.
Camilo Lyon: Thanks. Good afternoon, guys. Just to clarify on one of the last question. So Dave, as you were about the backlog and it would be more weighted to specialty classics and comps are going to be holding more inventory on the core classics, do you think about what could transpire from an in line case scenario to a best case scenario? What would overall gross look like assuming that you did get those reorders on the classics business that retailers are not committing to right now? So if you got the UGG backlog that's up mid-singles that's predominately specialty classics, what could the total picture look like?
Dave Powers: That's kind of hard to say. I mean depends on what happens when we get into season. I think I would be prepared for anywhere from 3% to 8% increase. We will have inventory to be able to chase into that. But it's hard to call the ball this early in the stage.
Camilo Lyon: So that 3% to 8% increment on top of the mid-single-digit order book that's in place right now?
Dave Powers: Yes. If the trend continues, it could be strong and we see good weather for classics and good reaction to that classic business, I think that could happen.
Angel Martinez: Just to maybe clarify that, that might be more the domestic wholesale channel in the December quarter.
Dave Powers: Yes. I am thinking more wholesale than retail.
Camilo Lyon: Of course, understood. And then, I thought it was interesting that you decided to slow some of the retail store openings. Does that alter how you view the -- is that just slowing the pace of growth or the ultimate number of stores that you want to have? And could you potentially consider closing any stores?
Dave Powers: Yes. I think the ultimate number of stores that we have talked about long-term is still intact. I think basically we just slowed down in the current environment. Until we see what happens with the impact of FX on tourism, we get a better understanding of how the retail environment in general starts behaving. So this year we are being a little bit more cautious. We are taking some really safe bets. But we plan to get back to growth long-term. And I think that we will still continue to invest in stores. You have to keep in mind, outside of some of these key flagship locations that are really being impacted, the majority of our stores are performing well, particularly in our domestic mall stores and other locations as well as Japan and China are getting back on track. And then you saw what we stated with the comps in Europe, positive comps for the first time in a long time. So the core basic stores, I would say, is healthy. But with the traffic implications on our flagship locations that's where we are trying to a little bit more cautious.
Camilo Lyon: And then the last thing is, just with Connie's departure, are you going to be looking to fill that slot with someone? What kind of person are you looking to fill that slot with? There is, I think, a change in the demand for the type of UGG product, but you are obviously now building too. So there is going to more importance on someone who has got an ability to forecast and be more on trend rather than be the trend? What are you thinking about?
Angel Martinez: Yes. This is Angel. First of all, I just want to again acknowledge Connie's contribution which has been extraordinary and big shoes to fill, obviously, for someone. Yes, we course will replace of the position but it will be someone with a different set of skills as well as an ability to sort of take the brand to the next level. It's going to require an experience level of having operated at a bigger scale already and as I said, big shoes to fill, but we have no shortage of interest in the position. So I think we are going to be choosing carefully. We are not going to rush ourselves. It has to be a cultural fit as well. In the meantime, Dave is stepping in to oversee with the UGG team, the UGG brand.
Camilo Lyon: Thanks and sorry. I do have one last one. The comment you made about the acquisition and using that brand to enter the mid-tier market. Can you give a little bit more color on the timing, the type of channel that you will be entering, maybe some of the price points and what will be the initial product that you will be going to market with?
Dave Powers: Yes. Good question. Now we are really excited about this. It's a very strategic acquisition for us. I look at it is as a category attack brand. We look at the global sheepskin related market out there, the market UGG really built over the years. In North America, we see that as roughly about $1 billion business, where UGG owns about half of that volume. Globally, we estimate it's about $5 billion business and UGG operates probably about a third of that share. So a pretty sizable opportunity for someone to come in and really get after that market share and it's really below $100. UGG occupies the space above $100 and $125 with very little competition. But there is a lot of competition, a lot of players at under $100 price point globally. And we think with our capabilities in this type of product, the relationships we have with our accounts, the inside knowledge we have from our UGG brand and the infrastructure globally that we can get after this market in a pretty aggressive way. We are pretty excited about it.
Camilo Lyon: Is that a this year event?
Dave Powers: We are working to sort out those details right now. We are going to have to reposition the brand, but we would like to get some product in the market by the end of this fiscal year to get a read, so we can heavy for fall 2016.
Camilo Lyon: Great. Thanks a lot, guys. Good luck.
Dave Powers: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mitch Kummetz with B. Riley. Please go ahead with your question.
Mitch Kummetz: Yes, thanks. A couple questions. One, Dave, I think you said the backlog is up low single-digits in constant dollars, if I am not mistaken. First off, what is that in reported dollars? And then help me bridge the gap from that number to what I think Tom said was an expectation for 6% wholesale growth? I get what you are doing there in terms of how you are shifting the composition of the backlog, but I guess what I am trying to get at is, what are your assumptions around reorders and cancellations to get to that 6% off of whatever the backlog is in reported dollars? And I have a follow-up.
Dave Powers: The way to look at it is, the low single-digit increase in the backlog in domestic doesn't change on reported dollars. It's a slight change when you factor in the mail wholesale impact on that, but it's probably relatively flat on a global basis. So that's kind of how we are looking at it. With regards to filling the gap from what Tom talked about, we see reorders and cancellations probably roughly canceling each other out. It will be a wash between those two. The good news is, with the open to buy that the retailers have placed, there should a lot less cancellations than we have in the past with our classics open to buy, but there is opportunity to chase the classics business to fill that gap. What also is not contemplated in those figures right now is the introduction of a new style we are launching this holiday called the Classic Slim and that is a slimmer version of the classic. We are bringing it to market in November, December. It's going to be a big launch in our DTC channels and select wholesalers in North America and Europe. And then on top of that, we think we can continue to chase spring business, do some markdown business at a healthy markdown versus last year that we missed opportunities in some of those key categories in addition to maybe a few more closeouts to fill the gap.
Mitch Kummetz: Okay. And then my follow-up on the Q2 guidance. Tom and maybe Angel, sales guidance flat year-over-year. We are two months into the quarter. I guess I would have thought sales would be stronger than that. Just hope that maybe you could maybe just provide a little bit of color there? Obviously you have seen some things already through the first of couple months of the quarter, but it sounds like commentary on your other brands, be it HOKA or Sanuk or Teva, that things were pretty well. Just help me understand how we get to flat sales versus something better than flat?
Dave Powers: It's a few things. One of them is FX relative to the year ago, first. FX pressures and other things a year ago, we had some Tsubo and Mozo sales. There are other things. We have got some weaker store contributions this year relative to a year ago. And then finally, our Europe distributor shipments are down and that's consistent with FX pressures they are feeling in their open to buy, so to speak.
Mitch Kummetz: Okay. All right. Thanks, guys. Good luck.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Sole with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead with your question.
Jay Sole: Hi. Good afternoon. Just wanted to ask a question on HOKA. I know strong growth there. How are the margins trending now at HOKA? And how does that factor into the growth just turning into the guidance for next year? And at the same time, can you talk about SKU count at HOKA. Are most of the SKUs still the extra cushioning? Or is the brand able to go into regular more traditional looking type of running shoes?
Angel Martinez: Let me comment on the direction of the brand. First of all, the brand is a total running brand. It was never intended to be an oversized brand. Yes, we invented the oversize category. But if you look through the coming product which will show up for spring 2016, we are introducing product that's slightly lower profile, closer to, it's hardly even say a traditional running shoe because that has been all over the map the last couple of years. But what I do know is that the norm for running shoes is looking a lot more like the HOKA product than it looks like a minimalist. So all the other brands are coming in HOKA's direction. HOKA is broadening to include shoes, for example for high school cross-country, for college athletes who are training for track and cross-country, in addition to the mountain product that we have done. So it's a very diversified total running offering. It is not just oversize.
Dave Powers: In terms of the HOKA growth, we expect it to grow about 70%, 74%, most of that growth being U.S. wholesale, including some sporting goods as well as international distributors where the gross margins trend more in the low-40s. This shoe expect to make a little bit of money at the operating margin line with HOKA.
Jay Sole: Got it. That's very helpful. And then, can I also ask about some of the newer categories for the UGG brand, sleepwear. You touched on some of them before, but I think sleepwear and other places you are taking the UGG brand besides classic boots and fashion boots.
Dave Powers: Yes. Great question. We are actually seeing some great traction. As we mentioned in the last couple calls, casual boots, weather, those categories in footwear are very strong for us. In addition to that, we see men's as a sizable opportunity. We have a very healthy slipper business. We are starting to gain traction in the casual shoes and casual boot business. We had a launch of our Treadlite collection this past spring, which has done extremely well, high sell-through and initial look at spring 2016 product from our accounts is very positive. So we see growth in that category. And then loungewear is an emerging category for us as well. It's primarily sold in North American wholesale accounts who keep coming back asking for more assortment and more flow. A little bit in our DTC channel as we figure out how to showcase that product in our stores and online, but still tremendous opportunity internationally for that loungewear category. So long-term, we are looking at evolving the classics business across core and specialty, casual boots and weather as a core competency for the brand grants us tremendous opportunity and then loungewear as an emerging category for us well. And then on a high level, really getting after our spring and summer business with a real heavy focus on creating more upside in that time of the year.
Jay Sole: Okay. Got it. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Sam Poser with Sterne Agee. Please go ahead with your question.
Sam Poser: Yes. Good evening. Thanks for taking my question. I just want to dig back into the backlog again. It doesn't seem to make a lot of sense here. You are saying that the backlog is flat. You are expecting the wholesale business in UGG to be up mid-single digit and you are saying that reorders and the cancellations will offset each other, which leaves you back to a low flat backlog. So a little more color there. And then I have a few other questions.
Tom George: Yes, Sam, this is Tom. I think when we referred to reorders and cancellations canceling out, I think the reference there is more about the fall product, the heritage products and some of the classic product, as opposed to the fact that some of the product that Dave spoke about, the slim product, the additional closeouts as we expand the product offering that will book additional spring product that we will book later, as well as some additional SMUs that we will book later.
Dave Powers: Yes. And Sam, the other thing that I spoke about when we were last together, we are taking a deeper inventory that in what I would say is our top ten styles for the season. Styles that have sheepskin base, that are very safe bet for us that we think come January, February we can do a lot of volume on those, that initial markdowns, if necessary. But we missed it last year because we were too clean. This year we think there is upside in the pre-book based off on the opportunity in the market to really go after volume at time of the year, healthy volume.
Sam Poser: All right. I have a few more. Can you give us what the backlog increase was on like giving us specialty classics, casual and the weather product? Just to give us some idea of how strong that is. And then two, what is the Euro/Dollar expectations built into the guidance number? Three, can you give us the UGG wholesale e-comm and retail revenue for the fourth quarter? Four, who is getting Koolaburra first and what's built into the guidance? And might you replace the UGG position in two jobs rather than one, the brand person and maybe an operation person? That was all I had.
Dave Powers: I think we said you get one follow-up. But we will answer as many of these as we can. With regards to the backlog, so the way to look at it and this is very consistent again, Sam, with what we talked about last call and on some of our trips. The way the backlog is broken up now is, our core classic ends up being about a third of our mix going forward, specialty classics and knit is about third also, up from 25% and then the casual, weather and fashion is about roughly 24% of the mix, up from about 16%, 17% last year. So the makeup of the backlog is very consistent with our strategy to reduce reliance on core and really let the specialty classics and knits and the casual and weather product.
Sam Poser: I understand, but how much are those up? How much are those other than classics, how much are they up or down or whatever? What is the backlog on those items, those categories?
Dave Powers: Okay. So high level, core classics is down roughly 20% or so, specialty classics is up 20% plus and then the fashion boots, casuals roughly 25% to 30%.
Sam Poser: And weather?
Dave Powers: Well, weather is bucketed in there with casual boots and weather, because some of those depend on the styling and the functional detail. So we package those as one category, casual boots and weather.
Tom George: Sam, the answer to the Euro is the current rates for the Euro.
Sam Poser: Also retail, e-comm revenues for UGG in the fourth quarter?
Dave Powers: Koolaburra, okay. So with regard to your question on Koolaburra. So we are going to run this as part of our business development approach right now. So we have a small team, internal team working on this as we transition the brand from previous ownership into our ownership. We are working on a strategy right now, but we see this as a low overhead operation. It's really a category attack, specific targeted accounts, specific targeted categories and styles. We are going to run this lean to get it off the ground and then we will evaluate as the business grows over next year. But I also don't want to burden the UGG team with this opportunity. They have enough things to get after right now and particularly the new president coming in over the year, I need that team focused on UGG and we will take other people in the organization to get after Koolaburra. That being said, we will leverage the expertise within the UGG brand to make sure we position this product and category distribution correctly. And in terms of the UGG breakdown by channel for the fourth quarter, the total UGG sales were $217 million, $88 million was wholesale, $44 million e-commerce and $85 million retail stores.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Krasik with Buckingham Research. Please go ahead with your question.
Scott Krasik: Yes. Hi. Thanks. I will try to limit my questions, but can you help us understand why are you selling the Classic Slim differently? Why isn't that in the backlog?
Dave Powers: Yes. That's a good question. So the Classic Slim is a quick reaction by the DTC and UGG teams to get that product into market as fast as possible. So when we came through last year Q3, we saw an opportunity to evolve the classics business. And so we quickly worked through the UGG brand to create this new silhouette. They had it in the pipeline for fall 2016, but we fast tracked it into the business so we could launch it in a big way this fall in DTC and with key wholesale partners that we felt we can go back to after the pre-book is done.
Scott Krasik: Retail price points there? And do you expect that ultimately to replace even a bigger percentage of the core classics business?
Dave Powers: The retail price point is still working through. It will be higher than the core classic and it has some other qualities to it that are improved above the core classics such as some water resistance leather used, it has an arch and some other details to it. But we would like to position it a little bit higher on price, a little bit more special. Over time, this is certainly an incremental business over the core classic. But first thing to do is to get them in front of the consumer and see how they react and we can go from there.
Scott Krasik: Okay. And then just help us understand what's happening in EMEA? You have had, probably your wholesale business mixed over last couple of quarters and then a really big DTC increase this quarter. So maybe characterize that what's happening in EMEA?
Dave Powers: Yes. I think you are seeing a couple of things going on in the marketplace over there. Obviously the economic challenges are still continuing in that market. Whether the impact of FX on tourism is driving some of that upside you are seeing DTC is hard to quantify. I think there is probably a little bit of that there. But what it really comes down to is getting our DTC teams, particularly in the stores, elevating our leadership there, driving conversion in our stores, getting our merchandising mix correct. And that's the result that you have seen this past quarter. E-commerce in that market continues to grow at very healthy rate across all countries and I think you are seeing the migration from the consumer buying on wholesale into our DTC channels a little bit. Wholesale business, as you know, particularly in the U.K. is a challenge for everybody. We are not immune to that. But I think the changes we are making going into fall and holiday with the assortment mix, partnering with our key retailers is the right strategy and I am confident we will continue to see it provide upside there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from a line of Eric Tracy with Janney Capital Markets. Please go ahead with your question.
Eric Tracy: [indiscernible] but on the backlog, just is there any way to discern on the core classics, you had that down 20% year-over-year, just what is the actual, like-for-like sort of, if you will, draw down on the classics business versus the very proactive decision to make a replenishment? Any way to tease that out?
Dave Powers: I am not sure I quite understand your question there.
Eric Tracy: Okay. Dave, maybe we can follow-up it up offline. Let me just move on to, in terms of wholesale business moving more towards and the backlog moving more towards the casual fashion weather product, can you speak to kind of the potential for stepped-up marketing? How you communicate that to the consumer? Will there be greater point-of-sale relative to what has traditionally been a very classic heavy business in the wholesale tourist?
Dave Powers: Yes. I think that's a great opportunity for us. As we continue to evolve our organization and how we go to market as a brand and work with some of our key retailers, I think there is opportunity to better fine tune our marketing to drive sell-through in specific styles and also elevate our point-of-sale presentation in some of these key accounts. So that's a long-term thing that we are working on internally. With regard to this fall, we are very focused on marketing and driving product sell-through. So we have some big launches coming in fall and holiday. And I think the best expression you will see is the Classic Slim. The way our marketing campaign is focused on the launch of that item versus the lifestyle campaign and I think it's a core competency that we are going to continue to build on.
Eric Tracy: Okay. And then I have got just a couple more. Dave, you mentioned, obviously a little bit of a moderation on the CapEx allocated to door growth, but you said stepped-up focused on technology this year. Can you speak to anything incrementally or elaborate on that?
Dave Powers: Yes. Essentially the focus on technology is really around getting close to our consumer and elevating our digital marketing capabilities. We recently brought in a Vice President of marketing orchestration, who has a real strong digital marketing background. We purposely brought that person and his name is Jim Davis. He came from Urban Outfitters. And he is helping to elevate our capabilities in digital marketing, including our CRM. In fact he has introduction of the loyalty program this year. And so the main focus of our investments in that category of CapEx will be around getting closer to the consumer and allowing ourself to connect with them more digitally than we have in the past.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Omar Saad with Evercore ISI. Please go ahead your question.
Omar Saad: Hi. Thanks. I wanted to ask a little bit more about this new slim product that you are fast tracking for this year. What's different about it from a consumer standpoint? What's gotten you excited you are really pushing forward? Are you using UGG Pure technology to get that slimness down? And does it come in different silhouettes or different heels? Just curious, especially given historically there are some consumers who love the comfort and fit feel of the UGG but maybe not thickness or the look, et cetera. Help me understand the dynamic there, please? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yes. Omar, I think you nailed it on that last statement. There is a large number consumers out there that love the fit and the comfort and the style of the regular UGG. And then there is also women out there who love the brand, but haven't necessarily liked that style for whatever reason, most likely from a style perspective. So we see this as an opportunity to leverage the comfort and all the equities that the core classic delivers but into a silhouette that might be looked at as a little more sophisticated, bringing new consumer into the brand and maybe perhaps a style that they can wear all day and at night versus on a more casual basis. So it delivers on all the equities, same comfort, if not better, in some cases, but a little bit more style for it.
Omar Saad: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead with your question.
Erinn Murphy: Great. Thanks. Good afternoon. I guess, Dave for you. If you review the UGG pricing around the globe, can you just speak to your comfort level of current pricing premiums internationally, particularly in Asia, so that maybe compare contrast China versus Japan? And then Angel for you, as you expand some product into more fashion weather, non-core products, can you talk about your philosophy and expectations on markdowns versus the core classics? And then just what's built into the plan for fiscal 2016 as the product mix shift? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Sure, Erinn. So with regards to pricing globally, it is something we have take a hard look at. Obviously with the pattern changes across the globe from Chinese consumers traveling to North America and Europe, FX challenges in Europe, it's something that the teams are working on right now. I would say we do have an opportunity to address prices in Europe and Japan and China. We are not prepared to talk about any those right now, but it's something we are definitely certainly taking a look at for later in the year.
Erinn Murphy: Okay.
Angel Martinez: And as far as the philosophy, the number one philosophy is to give the consumers as much opportunity with our product line as possible. A lot there for them and core classic has been a very, very stable product over the years. But we know that we can't go forward exclusively on core classic. So the classic derivatives and the casual product have been very strong and we have been migrating toward more of that product in the mix as you know. With that comes a higher level of markdown, because those products are more fashion driven, they are more fashion sensitive and they have a predictable lifestyle, rather a timeline. And we have planned for a slightly higher markdown on as a result of that. And that's all baked in.
Erinn Murphy: Great. That's helpful. And if I can sneak in just one clarification. What percent this year of the revenue for fall holiday is pre-book that versus where it's been historically? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Other than some of the other products that we talked about, the Classic Slim, other than the spring product and the closeout product, which normally books out towards the end of the year, as we speak right now, it's pre-booked at pretty much the same level.
Erinn Murphy: Okay. Thank you, guys. And best of luck.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Randy Konik with Jefferies. Please go ahead with your question. Randy Konik, your line is live.
Randy Konik: Yes. Sorry about that. I guess a question on the, as the backlog shifts away from classic, how does the ASP implication look on the backlog? I am just trying to get a sense ASP change versus unit change? Can you give us some perspective there? I also want to pick your own thoughts on the higher wholesale partners that are in the environment right now. And then I guess lastly as it relates to the DTC kind of strategy, obviously, a lot more focus on the e-commerce platform, where are you with transactional availability in the different countries as well as do you think you have to rethink you are tearing down the store base at all? If so, what areas will it be? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Okay. So let me answer your first question first. So with regard to ASP with our new strategy. ASP is going to go up slightly and that's driven by the increase in specialty classics. But within that gross margin, as I said earlier, we will remain flat. With regards to DTC globally, tell me what your question was?
Randy Konik: It's more of --
Dave Powers: Yes. So the store base, we are taking a look at a couple of stores here and there that our performance expectations. You might see over the next 18 months one or two stores that might close down, but generally speaking, as I said earlier, the fleet is very healthy. So there is not a lot of problem child in the fleet and even the flagship stores that are suffering from the European traffic and Japanese traffic, they are still providing very healthy returns above fleet average. So those aren't areas for concern with regard to the fleet. I think that answers all your questions, right?
Randy Konik: Yes. Still as you look more towards fleet strategy with the classic product, have you gone after and retooled all of the supply chain backend stuff to be able to satisfy that? Just kind of walk us through what's been changing on the supply chain and distribution network to accommodate this change in strategy? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yes. Our supply chain is a pretty well oiled machine when it comes to classic. We are looking when the David Lafitte's leadership. We are taking a hard look at our supply chain organization and seeing whether our efficiencies in the organization are in the process, I should say. The Classic Slim is a new introduction for us. We are going to leverage, obviously the factory base we have. But we are constantly evaluating opportunities for improvement in margin, improvement in efficiencies and inventory control. And then the other thing that we plan to that is our business transformation that's launching, going live this summer, that will allow us to have better control of our inventory flow, to and from the factories and to and from stores.
Angel Martinez: And let me add on your last point, I don't consider this to be a radical alteration or change in strategy. I think what it is, is an evolution of the product line to further meet the needs of consumers. But keeping in mind that most consumers who love UGG have multiple pairs in their closet and we need to continue to give them reasons to buy more UGG. So yes, we are going to draw new consumers in with the Slim product, I believe but as much as anything else, this is going to appeal very much to the existing UGG customer. So this brand has always adapted. It's always been moving. It's not ever stood still. That's why we have derivatives. That's why we have casual product. That's why we have fashion product. So we are going to stay consistent and aggressive in giving consumers what they want.
Randy Konik: Great.
Operator: Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Danielle McCoy with Wunderlich. Please go ahead with your question.
Danielle McCoy: Hi, everyone. Thanks for taking my question. I was wondering if you could just give us an update on what percent of the product was of UGG Pure this fourth quarter versus last fourth quarter? And where you see if there is any room for growth this year?
Angel Martinez: On the UGG Pure side, based on this sort of let's look at it like a Phase I of the current product line in that, we are pretty fully implemented for UGG Pure in terms of linings and usage.
Dave Powers: As a percentage of the mix of the total use across the product line, I would say about 25% of them are leveraging the UGG Pure material. And we see that probably maintaining going forward, maybe going up a little bit as we get into new styles and leveraging that opportunity.
Angel Martinez: And keep in mind that as we move toward the integration of Koolaburra, you are going to have an opportunity there fully leveraging UGG Pure. In order to meet those price points, UGG Pure is going to become a critical component of that.
Danielle McCoy: Okay. Great. And then I was wondering if you could just give us an update and some more color on some of the learnings from some of the digital capabilities that you guys have been implementing in-store and how the consumer has been reacting to that?
Dave Powers: Yes. So the ones that we have implemented over the last 12 to six months really run omni-channel capabilities. So the opportunity to reserve inventory online, to pickup in-store, to order in-store, those have been received very positively by the consumer and we are still working through some the operational impacts of that, what it means for the staff in stores, what it means for our DTC commerce businesses. But it's something that we are very pleased with the results and we see continued opportunities to leverage those capabilities and even more going forward. Some of the digital marketing capabilities that we are testing is geotargeting, more specific use of our database on customers and serving up specific merchandising assortments based off their past purchasing behavior. And then the implementation of our CRM program and a loyalty program launching in a pilot mode this year.
Danielle McCoy: Great. Thank you, guys. Good luck.
Dave Powers: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have today for questions. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing remarks.
Angel Martinez: Well, I want to thank everyone for joining us on the call. I also want to acknowledge the hard work and the success that we had this year, because I thought it was a good year. Despite the headwinds and challenges, I think we have delivered very effectively for shareholders. I want to thank the entire staff of Deckers around the world for all their hard work and much appreciate all of your support. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude our teleconference for today. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-01-29 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Linda Pazin - Vice President of Investor Relations & Communications Angel R. Martinez - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President David Powers - President of Omni-Channel Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Constance X. Rishwain - Group President of Fashion & Lifestyle Brands and President of UGG Australia
Analysts: Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Karyn O'Brien Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Scott David Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Omar Saad - Evercore ISI, Research Division Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Jeffrey Wallin Van Sinderen - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Research Corinna Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Corinna Lynn Freedman - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Danielle McCoy - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brands Third Quarter Fiscal 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I'll now turn the call over to Linda Pazin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.
Linda Pazin: Welcome, everyone joining us today. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's safe harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal security laws. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements relating to the company's anticipated financial performance, including its projected revenues, expenses, gross margin, operating margin, capital expenditures, earnings per share and effective tax rate. These statements may also relate to the company's brand strategies, store expansion plans, inventory management systems and customer retention policies as well as the outlook for the company's markets and the demand for its products. The forward-looking statements made on this call are based on currently available information. The company's business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond its control, and actual results may differ materially from the results expected at the current time. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the SEC. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date hereof to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our opinions or expectations except as required by the applicable law or the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. As a reminder, we have posted supplemental information about the 2015 third quarter in a document entitled Third Fiscal Quarter 2015 Commentary. The document is on our corporate website at www.deckers.com. You can access this document by clicking on the Investor Information tab and then scrolling down to the Featured Reports heading. With that, I'll now turn it over to President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the board of Directors, Angel Martinez.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thanks, Linda, and hello, everyone. Tom George, our Chief Financial Officer; Dave Powers, President of Global Omni-Channel; and Connie Rishwain, President of the UGG brand, are also on the call. Our third quarter results indicate that a number of our key strategic initiatives are beginning to take hold. Our performance was highlighted by stronger-than-expected demand for the UGG brand new collection and the successful execution of our Omni-Channel strategies. As we have communicated over the past several years, our goal has been to diversify the UGG brand offering in an effort to extend the closet share of our loyal consumers, target a larger audience and extend the brand's selling season and lessen our dependency on the brand's iconic core classic collection. While we missed our top line projection by approximately 3%, our results demonstrate that consumers are responding strongly to our diversification efforts. This is an important component of our strategy, and we are excited about what it means for our future. Fall 2014 represented our broadest offering of casual, weather and fashion boots as well as specialty classics. The response to these collections has been very positive with consumer demand surpassing our expectations. In the third quarter, we saw high-teens growth in our non-classic business globally. For instance, our women's casual boot business continue to sell through very well during the holiday season after a strong Q2. Total sales of women's casual boots were up approximately 65% over last year. Our strategy of improved styling and more competitive pricing in the casual boot category was very successful at retail. As temperatures turned colder across the U.S. with the exception of the West Coast, which has remained unseasonably warm, demand for our weather collections spiked. We experienced strong gains in technical boots, fashion waterproof boots and boots with rain application. In total, sales of our weather offerings grew over 70%. In many instances, demand for casual and weather boots exceeded our inventory investments. As a result, we believe we missed nearly $7 million to $10 million in sales from domestic wholesale reorders as we were unable to fulfill 100% of the demand for these collections. We also believe that we missed approximately $2 million in online sales due to sellout of weather and casual boot product. This shift to expanded categories has highlighted the need to further improve our ability to plan and manage our product and inventory strategy against these consumer purchasing trends. This also requires some adjustments in our product and marketing strategies at both wholesale and in our DTC channels, which we are currently implementing. Classics had a very good second quarter, both from a sell-in and sell-through perspective, which created some bullish expectations among our retailers and internally for the third quarter. This was the main driver behind our decision to raise guidance on our last earnings call. Unfortunately, most of November, with the exception of Black Friday and Cyber Monday weekend, was below plan, which we believe was a result of mild temperatures in certain markets and weak store traffic trends across the industry. Sales trends accelerated as the quarter progressed. However, it wasn't enough to offset the slow start, which eventually led to some cancellations primarily in our domestic wholesale channels in December. Despite the cancellations in December at wholesale, consumer demand for classics, which includes core and specialty, remained strong. For the fall holiday season, meaning Q2 and Q3 combined, total units of women's classics increased approximately 5%. However, for Q3 alone, sales were down slightly compared with a year ago, which contributed to our overall revenue shortfall relative to our updated guidance. In analyzing our performance, the shortfall in classic sales relative to our forecast drove the total revenue miss along with the impact of FX headwinds. In addition to the success of diversifying our footwear offerings, the UGG brand has also -- has 2 small but very exciting non-footwear initiatives in loungewear and home, both of which performed very well in Q3. Loungewear sales more than doubled on our wholesale channel with sell-through equally as strong. Key classifications included robes, hoodies and pants for both men and women. With UGG Loungewear quickly becoming the #1 brand in our domestic accounts, such as Nordstroms, we are now selectively adding new distribution with a focus on specialty and independent doors. We're launching kids and infants this fall. Home grew at an even faster pace than Loungewear, although from a smaller base, driven by successful launches at Nordstrom, at Dillard's, Neiman Marcus and Von Maur's. We believe that the extremely positive response we've received from these launches, though small from a revenue perspective, is another strong indicator of brand strength. As we develop further our Home and Lounge business, we are seeing opportunities to cross merchandise at retail in these categories along with UGG slippers. We think these categories resonate with our consumer and tell a comprehensive UGG brand comfort story. With respect to I HEART UGG, the biggest takeaway from the initial rollout was that there is a place in the market for these products. However, it isn't on a stand-alone basis. Without fully associating the line with the UGG brand, we struggle to communicate to consumers the strong value proposition of the product line. In fact, once we made I HEART UGG available in the uggaustralia.com website, next to our Kids Traditional Classic product, we did see a strong pickup in sales. For fall 2015, the product line will become a tween collection within the UGG brand starting this July, and we are redesigning the logo. This will help diversify our kids business, which is currently very classic centric. Moving toward Direct-to-Consumer channel, total DTC comparable sales increased 7.6% led by a 26% increase in comparable E-Commerce sales. E-Commerce sales were driven by strong sell-through of our entire collection, including classics, as more consumers appear to be replenishing this staple item via the web versus brick and mortar compared to years past, fueled in part by the acceleration of our Omni-Channel activities. In fact, we saw positive growth in the classics category in both our North America and global Direct-to-Consumer channel. Our strong E-Commerce results were partially offset by a high single-digit decline in store comps, which was below our expectation. We believe that there were a few specific factors behind our store performance, which included: one, a more significant shift than we anticipated in classic sales to online versus in-store; second, inventory management assortment and brand presentation issues in our company-operated China stores; and third, the drop-off in traffic at several flagship stores, which we believe is partially attributable to the negative impact on tourism from the strong U.S. dollar. Dave will address how we're responding to these issues in a moment, but we feel confident that we have our hands around the first 2, which are under our control and that they are temporary and fixable. On a positive note, with only 138 stores globally, we still have a relatively small footprint compared to our peers. We're continuing to take a very strategic approach to our store openings while maintaining ample flexibility as we execute our broader Omni-Channel plan globally and evaluate ongoing strategies for adapting to the changing consumer environment. It was by far our most diverse holiday quarter ever in terms of the collections that contributed to our results. And analyzing the breakdown of sales by line and channel, we believe it is evident that the consumers are responding favorably to our product strategies and global Omni-Channel initiatives. But we clearly have work to do in further adjusting our merchandise planning and inventory management to help our wholesale customers succeed in this rapidly changing retail environment. To support our efforts, we also plan to shift our marketing to focus more on the specific product attributes that make the UGG brand so attractive and less lifestyle marketing. We're now seeing that our marketing is most effective when we better highlight the luxury and comfort of UGG products. Further, we now realize that we have not been placing enough emphasis on our classic line in our marketing creative, almost taking our largest business for granted. However, our research tells us that our classic UGG line is often the first step for consumers who fall in love with the unique feel and comfort of UGG and ultimately, go on to purchase other UGG products. This has been born out in our more established markets, and so it's very important that we give a core offering ample treatment in our marketing campaigns. We believe this adjustment, combined with the greater emphasis on the luxury and comfort components of the brand, will allow us to better drive growth across all of our channels. In 2015, we're increasing our penetration of our non-core collections in the fall line, better to reflect consumer demand. This means ramping up casual boots faster than before with more meaningful assortments and increased SKUs. We have the broadest assortment of casual boots to ever support the strategy for 2015. We're also increasing the penetration of weather product through deeper and better assortments and deliveries all the way through January. This includes weather styles that double as casual boots. We're in the middle the fall pre-book process, but I will share that feedback from our major accounts on these changes have been extremely positive. They're very excited about the direction of the brand and the amount of newness that we're introducing for Fall '15. Based on where we are today, we project that once the pre-book is complete, we'll have shifted approximately 10% of our core classic order book to casual boots and weather, bringing those categories up to 15% and 10% of our EMEA and domestic wholesale women's business, respectively. This is a great indication that our major wholesale accounts are onboard with our product strategy. Now with that, I'll turn the call over to Dave.
David Powers: Thanks, Angel. It was another quarter of solid growth for our Direct-to-Consumer division. Total sales increased 15% to $339.6 million driven by new store openings and a 7.6% total DTC comparable sales gain. By region, total DTC comps were up in the high teens in Japan, up high single digits in the U.S., up mid-singles in China and up low singles in Europe. The 7.6% overall comp gain was fueled by a 26% increase in comparable E-Commerce sales, marking the 11th straight quarter of double-digit improvement in E-Commerce, a strong indication of the success we are having driving traffic and higher conversion, utilizing our advanced global Omni-Channel capabilities. Our E-Commerce performance gives us confidence that when we showcase the full breadth of the line, the consumer reacts positively. We're also seeing the benefits of the improved site experience, our Infinite UGG program, and more efficient marketing spend led by the consumer insights team and analytics. Growth in E-Commerce was partially offset by high single-digit comps store decline. While this was below our expectations, many of the headwinds are within our control and addressable for next fall and holiday. These factors are primarily driven by the fact that our consumer migrated faster than expected to non-classic categories in the online channel for classics replenishment. They include product mix shifts and inventory levels, AURs, in-store presentation and seasonal inventory flow. I'd also point out that while many retailers ran aggressive promotions over the holidays, we made the conscious decision to maintain our conservative promotional cadence in an effort to protect our brand value and margin. This impacted comps but helped improve our Q3 four-wall store operating margins by 40 basis points over last year, which is a primary focus as we aim to drive profit and leverage out of our store base. Digging deeper into our results. Like most of retail, store traffic continues to be challenging. It improved as the third quarter progressed with December down low single digit. However, it closed down high single digits for the 3 months period, and much of this was driven by our tourist and flagship locations. Our store teams continue to do a good job converting traffic into sales as conversions were up in mid-single digits. Given that many of the casual and weather boots carried sharper opening price points than a year ago, as we talked about in our last call, the increased conversion was partially offset by lower AURs. From a store-level perspective, outlets performed better than concepts driven by channel-specific initiatives, such as our SMU or special makeup strategy. In addition, outlets have become a strong entry point into the UGG brand with a diverse product line. The biggest drag on store comps came primarily from older domestic flagship shops that are heavily tied to tourist traffic followed by Europe and China. In China, while there are some macro-level challenges in this complex mass market, many of our challenges were self-inflicted and had to do with the evolution of our business there. We suffered from not having the right inventory management expertise and missteps in store allocations and presentation. In addition, while China saw some of the same challenges at our other stores, we also had some product and marketing that did not resonate with the Chinese consumer. We believe we've identified the issues and are making the necessary operational changes intended to improve results going forward. That being said, we did make some adjustments mid-season that led to a positive 3% store comps in the month of December, but it was not enough to offset the declines experienced in October and November. In Europe, store traffic continues to be the issue, particularly for concept stores. We attribute the softness to the combination of weak macroeconomic conditions, mild weather and the same shift to more online purchases that we saw elsewhere. With respect to the older flagship locations in our U.S. fleet, they were hurt by the strengthening of the dollar versus the euro and the yen, which has impacted foreign tourism, particularly to popular destinations like New York, Las Vegas and San Francisco. Partially offsetting these headwinds was the performance of our new store feet, which included positive comps for stores opened in the last 18 months. With the exception of some of our new store openings in China, total stores opened in the last 12 months are performing at or above our original performance. This is a good sign that our strategy of targeting smaller formats and more strategic locations based on top and underpenetrated markets that will provide solid returns and positively impact our E-Commerce channel are delivering positive results. Looking ahead, we have a number of initiatives already in place aimed at improving our store performance that take into account the shifts we are seeing at consumer shopping behaviors from both the category and channel standpoint. These include: shifting the mix of inventory in our concept stores and online by placing a bigger emphasis on casual boots, winter and weather boots and casual shoes; reinvigorating our classics business through innovation and more elevated styling; and increasing the penetration of our non-footwear categories; increasing opening price points to bring AURs closer to 2013 levels; refreshing the look and feel of our concept store through re-merchandising and an improved product presentation that reflects the new face of the UGG brand, which is much more diversified and less reliant on classics. This will include an enhanced visual presentation and service model. We are also in the process of updating our UGG concept store design to better reflect the lifestyle offering of the brand. Developing new marketing programs that are more product centric aimed at driving traffic and sell-through are big ideas and key items; and better optimize our digital spend globally; and lastly, selecting -- selectively expanding our footprint in North America and Japan and looking to shift more of our China store openings to partner doors. While we implement these store operating model adjustments and gauge their effectiveness, we have decided to moderate and assess the pace of new store openings. As Angel noted, we have a very manageable store count, and we have continued to validate areas to increase efficiencies across our model, in line with our global Omni-Channel plan. Consistent with our long-term strategy, our new store openings will be influenced by the consumer shopping behaviors and total Omni-Channel impact to maintain flexibility in our model. Our new store expansion strategy will be heavily weighted towards outlets, as this channel, while it is still small to the total, is outperforming concepts. We'll also continue to invest opportunistically in pop-up stores, a format that we've recently enjoyed good success with around the globe. Improving our store performance is a priority, and our overarching focus continues to be on executing our global Omni-Channel strategy and elevating the consumer experience across all channels. We are seeing strong results from this approach. In fiscal 2016, we'll start to benefit from initial investments in CRM software and database and the build-out of our new loyalty program to drive increased traffic to the UGG brand. We know from market research that UGG brand owners are incredibly loyal, and with the more powerful suite of tools, we are confident that we can strengthen our consumer connection and increase the frequency of their buying cycle. Our stores, E-Commerce and mobile sites are now intertwined as a result of the successful Omni-Channel initiatives, such as Infinite UGG; buy online, return in-store; Click and Collect, and retail inventory online. As a reminder, we are moving ahead with our previously stated plan of reporting just the combined DTC comp beginning in fiscal 2016. We believe this is the best way to measure the performance of our DTC business going forward. Turning to our European wholesale channel. We are pleased with the overall growth in this market despite some economic headwinds led by the strength of our Germany transition. U.K. sales got off to a good start in the third quarter was translated into minimal cancellation. However, following consecutive warm winters, retailers were cautious about coming out of the season with FX inventory, which limited our reorder opportunities. In Germany, we've been ramping up our subsidiary operations, assuming distribution in the middle of the last year. We are excited by the progress we are making through our first fall pre-book with retailers to evolve the product offering in this large and important market. We are also pleased with the strong reaction we are seeing to the UGG brand's casual boots, weather and fashion products, as well as the HOKA ONE ONE and Teva lines in this market. Looking ahead, we believe the evolution of product lines highlighted by the growth of casual, weather and specialty classics, along with the global popularity of our iconic collection, classics collection, provides exciting opportunities for the brand in our global Direct-to-Consumer and wholesale channels. Our focus is on exciting consumers through compelling, innovative products and a superior shopping experience that allows them to engage with our brand in a seamless fashion. We believe our merchandise and Omni-Channel strategies allow us to expand and maximize our relationships with our consumer base. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas A. George: All right. Thanks, Dave. As Linda mentioned -- as Linda reminded everyone at the beginning of the call, we posted the quarterly financials on our website under the Investor Information tab, so my comments on the call are going to be brief and focused primarily on guidance. For the third fiscal quarter, revenue increased 6.6% to a record $784.7 million. On a constant dollar basis, sales increased 8.2%. We missed our revenue guidance by approximately $22 million. $7 million of which was due to the strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus the yen and the euro during the quarter. The remaining shortfall was from a combination of higher wholesale order cancellations and negative same-store sales, which Angel and Dave discussed earlier. EPS for the third quarter was $4.50 compared to $4.04 last year and our guidance of approximately $4.46. We exceeded EPS guidance despite the shortfall in revenue and FX pressures due to lower incentive compensation expense accruals and a lower-than-expected effective tax rate. Based on our third quarter -- third fiscal quarter performance, we are revising our full year outlook. For the fiscal year ending March 31, 2015, we now anticipate revenue to increase approximately 13.5% to $1.8 billion versus our previous projection of approximately $1.825 billion. UGG brand revenue is now projected to increase approximately 11% versus our prior expectation of approximately 14%. As a result of our lower revenue projection, diluted earnings per share is now expected to increase approximately 12.6% to $4.58 compared to our previous guidance of approximately $4.71. And we are expecting operating margins of approximately 12.5% versus our earlier guidance of approximately 13%. We are still assuming gross profit margins for the year of close to 49%. Our fiscal year 2015 guidance now assumes that the company's effective tax rate will be approximately 27%. Wholesale and distributor sales for all brands are now projected to be up low double digits in fiscal 2015 driven by our Germany conversion, a low single-digit increase in UGG domestic sales and continued growth of the HOKA brand. For our DTC channel, our overall sales projection has not changed as stronger E-Commerce trends for the UGG brand are offsetting lower store comp sales, which are now expected to be down in the high single-digits range for the year. We will end fiscal 2015 with approximately 30 new stores, as we shifted some of our planned concept stores in China to partner stores. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 or 3 months ending March 31, 2015, we still expect revenues to increase approximately 10% compared to the same period in the prior year. However, due to FX headwinds putting pressure on gross margins, we now expect diluted earnings per share to be approximately breakeven compared to our previous expectation of approximately $0.15 per share. Now that we have completed our largest quarter, we'd like to share some preliminary thoughts about our fiscal year 2016 outlook. Keep in mind that we are in the early stages of reassessing our store opening strategy, and in light of the recent FX trends, we are also evaluating our hedging and international pricing strategy. And as we've discussed today, we are incorporating our learnings from our holiday performance into our product, marketing and merchandising strategies. With this background, at current foreign currency exchange rates, we expect revenues to grow approximately high single digits and gross margins in total to be down approximately 30 basis points due to FX pressures, which will more than offset sheepskin and UGG Pure cost improvements. With respect to operating expenses, as we've said previously, we do expect to begin achieving leverage next year. This is still the case, and we believe it will initially be in the neighborhood of approximately 40 basis points. With respect to profitability, we expect earnings per share to grow at a slightly faster rate than revenue at or near 10% based on our current thinking. Finally, we are pleased to announce that the Board of Directors has authorized a new $200 million stock repurchase program, which is in addition to the $66 million we still have left under the previous $200 million authorization that was approved in July 2012. I'll now turn it back over to Angel for his closing comments.
Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Tom. Before we open the call up to questions, I want to provide some color on the progress of our other brands. Teva's coming off a solid third quarter, the brand's smallest quarter of the year driven by exceptional growth of women's boots, a category that performed very well at retail. As we move into spring, Teva's key theme will continue to center on the brand's original sandal collection, which forms the core of our merchandising strategy. The Teva lifestyle is coming back into favor, and we're positioned to capitalize on this added interest through new colors and materials and new collections like the Fundamentals. This product is perfect for a consumer looking for versatile go-anywhere footwear and will encompass everything from canvas casual styles to boots for men and women. Sanuk entered spring with good brand momentum following a solid season at retail last year. This has translated into additional shelf space and more in-store marketing for 2015. The early read is that women's sandals are off to a strong start led by the Yoga Sling and the Yoga Mat. On the international front, we recently introduced the brand in Australia, Brazil and Japan, 3 markets that we believe are ideal for the brand and its line of lifestyle footwear rooted in the surf culture. The last 12 months have been a period of rapid growth for HOKA, culminating in a very successful Outdoor Retailer show where the brand's product line received multiple industry awards and recognition. Specifically, GearCaster, gave us the Innovation Award for 2015; Gear Patrol, the Editor's Choice, Best of Outdoor Retailer show; and GearJunkie gave it the Best in Show at the Outdoor Retailer show. That said, we believe that this is just the beginning. Right now the quality of the product line is bigger than the brand. We've gotten good traction in the specialty running channel where we focused our initial distribution expansion efforts. Next month, we'll be rolling out to select stores with mainstream sporting goods retailers such as Sports Authority, Hibbett Sports and Finish Line. The priority will be on growing brand awareness to drive demand across all channels and take advantage of the unique position that HOKA occupies in the running industry. Finally, I want to highlight the recent launch of Ahnu's new yoga performance line. You may have seen it featured on CNBC today. Ahnu's YogaSport footwear will emphasize greater footwear -- forefoot, rather, flexibility, to maximize physical stretching moves as well as a centered heel base, ideal for standing poses where balance is key. With Yoga's growing popularity and increased participation rates and Ahnu's authentic positioning in active lifestyle, we believe this new collection is incredibly timely and will be received very well by the yoga consumer. With respect to Decker's 2 other brands, Tsubo and MOZO, we recently made a decision to seek strategic alternatives for these businesses. We'll provide an update on our incubator brands once the final decisions have been made as to our future plans. This allow us to focus more of our resources on the growth of UGG and the other brands. Now to close, I want to reiterate that we're continuing to see the benefits of our product diversification and Omni-Channel strategies. Our product teams have consistently delivered attractive high-quality functional footwear and accessories that resonate with consumers. And in turn, consumers are extremely passionate about our products and loyal to our brands. The diversification of our product line has further expanded our target consumer market and growth potential, while our global Omni-Channel initiatives are helping maximize traffic, improve the shopping experience and drive sell-through. At the same time, it's still early in our product transformation, and we have considerable growth ahead. We have to keep investing wisely in our infrastructure and improving our inventory management capabilities to better monetize consumer demand for our broader portfolio while supporting our plan to begin driving operating leverage in our model in fiscal 2016. We're taking into account our learnings during the past quarter, and we believe that we're implementing the right courses of action to ensure that we can better capture the multiple long-term opportunities that we're very confident exist for our company. Among other initiatives, this includes better accentuating the luxury and comfort aspects of the UGG products in our market as well as -- in our marketing, rather, as well as putting more emphasis on our classics line. Before moving to Q&A, I would like to acknowledge the appointment of David Lafitte to Chief Operating Officer announced last week. We reviewed a number of candidates for the position, and we determined that David was a great fit for our needs. He's advised the company since 2006 and has served as General Counsel of Deckers since 2012. He knows our culture and our organization very well and has wide-ranging relationships across our channels, given his experience working with many facets of our business. Now David is in China as we speak and formally starts in his new position on February 2. He replaced Zohar Ziv, who announced his retirement last April, and stepped down earlier this month. I'd like to once again thank Zohar for his many contributions during his 8 years with Deckers. Not only was he a great asset to the company, he's a great person and a friend to me and many others across our organization. And with that, let me turn it over to the operator for the Q&A. Operator? [qa/>
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Mitch Kummetz with Baird.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Couple of questions. The revision to the guidance, I think you're going from UGG from 14% growth to 11% growth, which implies sort of flattish sales in the fourth quarter. I was hoping you could just address that.
Thomas A. George: Yes, Mitch. One of the things to keep in mind is we do have FX pressure relative to the prior guidance as well in the fourth quarter and that's not only with the euro but also the yen. And relative to prior guidance, the wholesale business is -- for UGG, it's pretty on par. The UGG domestic wholesale business relative to the prior guidance is about the same. The international wholesale business for UGG is up slightly. So does that help you?
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes. And I know you guys were previously expecting some comp improvement going from Q3 to Q4, which I think implied a positive comp in the fourth quarter. I'm guessing that's maybe no longer the case.
David Powers: Yes, Mitch. We're continuing to see the similar trends we've had through the past quarter in our retail stores and again, contributed primarily to some of the challenges in China and the migration of classics to the online business. So with the total DTC levels, we still feel confident, but the store comps themselves will continue to be negative high single digits.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And I got a follow-up question for you, Dave. On -- I think you had said in your remarks that four-wall margin was up 40 basis points in the quarter, and that's despite a negative high single-digit comp. Can you just kind of reconcile that for me? How did you achieve that margin improvement despite difficult comp in the stores?
David Powers: Yes. We reacted pretty early in the quarter when we saw challenges in the comp trends, and we made a conscious decision to focus on profitability versus comp total revenue spend. So we aggressively looked at reducing SG&A and expenses in our store base globally, and then we made decisions to maximize margin opportunity in our outlets and concept stores to make up that difference. So we feel pretty good about the progress we made on profitability despite the traffic headwinds we had.
Operator: And we will now go to Bob Drbul with Nomura.
Karyn O'Brien: This is Karyn O'Brien filling in for Bob. You mentioned increasing opening price points in getting AURs up to 2013 levels. Is there any way you could put some numbers around that?
David Powers: Yes. We're still in the process of evaluating that. Coming out of the last months, we have relooked at our merchandising assortment and inventory mix for fall. But I would say it's safe to bet that we'll see an increase of at least 10% across the board in retail AURs. It's a combination of selective price point increase due to styling changes and also inventory mix into higher price-point product.
Operator: And we will now go to Taposh Bari with Goldman Sachs.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to follow up on the idea of weaker Classics in your retail stores as your customer shifts to more online replenishment. It seems like a good problem to have. So I'm not sure if I heard you, Dave, on what the fix to that problem is on the retail stores. And I guess, maybe the obvious question is why bother fixing it if you're getting more of that business online?
David Powers: Well, we still think there's opportunity in our Classics business. So while the core classic customer's replenishing online, and that seems to be a global trend at the moment, we still believe that there's opportunity in the specialty classics business and more unique product to the DTC and retail channel. So we're not going to go down fighting on that one -- without a fight on that one. We're going to continue to be aggressive in that classics category while at the same time shifting our inventory and assortments into more of a casual boots and winter boots in fashion to take advantage of that opportunity as well. So I think it's just, again, we're continuing to read the shopping patterns of the consumer. And when they want to replenish online, that's great for us, but we still have an opportunity to drive people to the stores at the same time.
Constance X. Rishwain: Right. And I also wanted to add, when people come into the store, they want to see the new products and the new fashion products in casual boots, so we really want to wow them with that product in the stores.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And just a follow-up on inventories in the channel, how does the performance of the UGG brand this season, do you think -- any comment on what you think the status of inventories are in the channel and how you think that this -- the performance this past quarter impacts orders for fall -- of next winter?
Constance X. Rishwain: Well, our retailers, our wholesale customers are happy with the results of the quarter and their inventory levels. They're very excited about our strategy of buying into more casual boots and more weather products for next fall, and so we see an increase in pre-book in those categories.
Angel R. Martinez: And inventories across all channels remain healthy.
David Powers: Yes.
Constance X. Rishwain: Yes.
Operator: And we will now go to Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: So a few questions. On the classics business, is there -- are you seeing anything different on the competitive landscape? Or is there some sort of trade-down away from the UGG brand to middle-market brands or lower tiered brands that could be explaining some of this?
Constance X. Rishwain: Yes. We're not actually seeing that. Overall for the total fall season, Classics are up. It was up in second quarter. It's just slightly down in third quarter. So no, we're not seeing any competitive problem there.
Angel R. Martinez: I think one of the things that we're learning, Camilo, one of the things that we're learning is having a better understanding of the replenishment cycle by our core classic consumer and all of the various factors that impact the replenishment cycle. Generally speaking, it's the consumer, every 2 years replaces their classic. Many years ago or 5 or 6 years ago, our job was to get them to buy more UGG product beyond classics. We've succeeded at that obviously. But now getting back to that replenishment cycle, it can be disruptive -- a bit disrupted. So for example -- and this is speculation. I don't know the answer to this, but it's just one of the things that we have to consider in understanding this. The polar vortex of early 2014 and February and March, people were out buying classic, and they were buying a lot of product that normally would have been postponed until the fall season. And there could have been some impact from that. That's, again, one of the many things that we're starting to better understand so that we really make a science out of this classic business and the replenishment cycle that impacted.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Just 2 follow-ups quickly. You mentioned on how the shift in mix away from classics to more of the weatherized in fashion products and how the retailers are responding positively for that -- to that. How much more of a mix shift will you need to undertake from what you can see right now to get the balance to where you want it to be? Is this kind of an ongoing headwind that you're going to have from a decelerating classics business to a smaller -- much smaller weather/fashion business?
Constance X. Rishwain: Right.
Angel R. Martinez: Go ahead, Connie.
Constance X. Rishwain: Okay, sorry. We see shifting approximately 10% of our core business into these categories. Classics will still remain our #1 category, and it still performed extremely well at retail, double-digit sell-through every week in November, December with our customers. So it's just a shift into newer products. But again, classics and slippers will still be our 2 biggest category.
Angel R. Martinez: Let me -- I just want to underscore, again, basically, the Classic business has emerged as an incredibly powerful foundation stone for this brand obviously. And it's the kind of foundation stone that if you're properly managing it, you have to manage it as separate and distinct from the brand. It has its own needs. It has its own marketing requirements. It has its seasonality, and as I mentioned, it has replenishment. And those are all things that we will now be focusing on far more aggressively to fully maximize what classic is as a foundation of our UGG brand. I think, as I said on my comments, it kind of feels like we took it for granted a little bit. The consumer would predictably show up on a certain cycle, in a certain quarter every single year, and we know that we have to drive that demand aggressively in order to give her awareness that there's always something new and fresh and a new reason to buy a new pair of classic.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: So will the wholesale accounts domestically, from what you're seeing right now, will they be comfortable ordering up the overall UGG brand, looks like, to get -- to reach your guidance in the mid- to high single digits? I mean, is that realistic in a...
Constance X. Rishwain: Yes, we think so because we have accounts that this year for fall '14 had converted a lot of their classic dollars into casual boots and weather, and they were the most successful. They had the most successful year end of all of our customers. So the performance of non-classic product in sneakers, in casual boots, weather, slippers was good across the board and fashion as well. So our retailers are seeing the consumers are voting, that they're buying into these new categories. So they're happy to shift -- they're open to [ph] dollars to this.
Angel R. Martinez: And Camilo, we're also seeing the same reaction from our key accounts in Europe as well. It's been very positive Fall line.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Are those margin -- are those positive margin categories or neutral margin categories to the classics?
Constance X. Rishwain: They're similar, yes.
Angel R. Martinez: Similar.
Thomas A. George: The lower price points but at a lot lower cost.
Operator: And we will now go to Randal Konik with Jefferies. And now we'll go on to our next question, Scott Krasik with Buckingham Research.
Scott David Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: One question on gross margin and then a question on the top line guidance for next year. I think in the filings, you had indicated that your E-Commerce gross margin decreased a little over 700 basis points last quarter. I'm assuming that's just one of the unintended consequences of moving away from slippers and classics, more markdowns, more fashion risk. How do you think about that as you grow that piece of the business? Do you sacrifice a little on margin rate for profit dollars? And then just in very rough terms, how do you build up to the high single-digit revenue growth for next year? I'm assuming the other brands will add about 1 to 2 points. So maybe dissect the UGG piece of that if you can.
Thomas A. George: The comment on the gross margins, I know, the E-Commerce business, we're really pleased this quarter with what the gross margin performance, and the retail store margins for this quarter were actually in aggregate on a global basis and a little bit higher than a year ago. And to round that out for the quarter at an operating margin level, when you combine retail and E-Commerce together, like you total DTC, we had improved operating margins year-over-year. So you'll see that in our filings. So we're pleased with that. And I mean, one thing to keep in mind for the guidance for fiscal year '16 is that I don't know what exchange rates you all had in your models, but if they were the ones from October, the euro has moved 10%. The yen's moved 10%, so that, everything else being equal, has some pressure on growth rates for next year. But that said, we're -- it is early. Like we mentioned, we're early in our planning process, but we feel very good that we're talking about high single-digit growth rates for next year. Feel really good reinforcing, that we expect to get operating leverage next year and feel really good that we'll have a year that we grow earnings per share at a faster rate than sales.
Scott David Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: And UGG wholesale versus DTC next year, maybe the general growth rates you're planning?
Thomas A. George: DTC next year for UGG should be growing at a faster rate than the wholesale.
Scott David Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: The wholesale will grow?
Thomas A. George: Yes.
Constance X. Rishwain: Yes.
Operator: And we will now go to Omar Saad with Evercore ISI.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI, Research Division: I wanted to ask you if you thought about kind of the year-over-year impact of the weather, so cold last year in the winter and then going into the spring. Have you thought about how to quantify that and the impact on your kind of core business, which was a little bit part of the sluggishness this quarter and as you think out to the fourth quarter guidance as well? And then I have a couple of follow-ups.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, as I mentioned earlier, Omar, the -- it altered the repurchase or the replenishment cycle. That's a reasonable theory. There are a lot of moving parts to understanding the impact of weather. We have been responding, as you've heard, very aggressively with cold weather product, with waterproof product, and that has made a big difference because it seems from my sort of layman's perspective, it seems that winter comes later and lasts longer. And we're -- look at the storms of this last week back east, more intensity. So we're really beginning to understand that impact across our business. And keep in mind that there are regional differences as well. So Europe, for example, does not have the same weather impact at the same time that we get in North America.
David Powers: Yes. And I would add on to that, I think the -- in the month of October and the first weeks of November is where we saw -- if I were to quantify an impact from weather anywhere, it would have been those 2 months. And that was a global issue. Europe was warm. China was warm. And compounded on top of that, we got into November, people were also starting to wait for Black Friday weekend. That was a dramatic effect on the European business where retail kind of came to a halt a couple weeks leading up to Black Friday weekend. So the October-November time frame was challenging partly because of warm weather, partly because of the shift in shopping behavior. But it came back when the weather got cold, and we got into the busy season of December. This wasn't enough to make up for that gap in October.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Got it. I mean, so looking forward, should we be worried that it was so cold, like the next 3 months last year were so cold? I mean, you guys could have been selling UGG on the streets for $300, $400 a pair in parts of the Northeast, and I'm sure that you would have found buyers. That kind of tough comparison, is that something that we should be thinking about? Or is that -- are we overthinking it?
Constance X. Rishwain: No, I mean, we had a really healthy increase in our weather business this year, and we could have probably sold a lot more if we had, had more inventory. We had aggressively stocked it, and we ended up chasing it, and we're still chasing it in January. So we see that weather category being more important than ever before for next year. And then there's a lot of casual boots that are within the weather category that have weather features, but they just look like everyday casual boots that women can wear to work. And we see a lot of growth and opportunity there, and that performed extremely well this year.
Angel R. Martinez: And last year, we did lose opportunity because we ran out cold weather product. We didn't have all the extensions of casual, waterproof product that Connie mentioned, and that was one of the adjustments we made as we went into this year. So I think we're in a better shape from a product assortment perspective this year than we were last year. And so I think the comparison is not as difficult as one might think.
Omar Saad - Evercore ISI, Research Division: Okay, got you. That's really helpful. And then one follow-up. I think, Angel, you mentioned in your prepared remarks, do a better job marketing the core classics of the business. It's the heart of what -- kind of your profit pool. It's the gateway to the brand, I think, you mentioned. Can you elaborate on that, what you think you could do better in the future?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, this -- I can use an example from my past, and I think Dave has got examples, too, from his past. And when I was at Reebok, for example, it was many years ago now, our classic business had grown to be $650 million, which is a very big business. And what was very interesting is that we found ourselves suddenly realizing that we have been putting all the marketing effort toward Shaquille O'Neal and various other things at the expense of that classic business. So we broke the classic business up. We gave it its own marketing plan, its own marketing budget, its own strategy separate and distinct from everything we were doing with performance product, and it became -- it grew significantly after that. So it then got the attention that it deserved, and it got the focus that it deserved. This is what we're talking about here. We're saying that if what -- x percentage of our business is represented by core classic, then we need to make sure that we at least devote that percentage or close to it of our marketing spend against core classic and not to the broader idea of lifestyle marketing for the total brand because people sometimes then take their eye off the classic ball. You might want to talk about your experience at the GAP.
David Powers: Yes. I think, I'm starting to look at this classics business similar to my early days at the GAP, similar to the denim business there, where your core classic is your basic fit jeans. Every season you're doing specialty versions of that, but you're still keeping the heat and energy on the core basic. And similar to what we're going through with the core classic here, back in the day at the GAP, and I'm sure it's still a focus there, denim was such an important part of that business, and it became the foundation for a lot of the advertising and marketing that was done for that brand. And it kept the heat and energy on that business, but also at the same time, we were growing the fashion component. And I think that's where our opportunity is here.
Operator: And we'll now go to Sam Poser with Sterne Agee.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I mean, can -- you mentioned -- you talked about the casual and the waterproof businesses as being now growing to about 25% total, I gathered, as what you said for the back half of the year if I got that right?
Constance X. Rishwain: No, that's what we're planning it for fall '15.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: All right. So can you help us because you have other pieces of the businesses that are not boots, like slippers and so on, so can you talk about how that looks as a percentage of the overall boot business, basically how it was planned this year and how you're seeing it next year?
Constance X. Rishwain: Well, we're planning many of these new categories up across the board, Sam. So we're planning sneakers up, slippers up, not double digits but up. And we're just trying to convert our open-to-buy dollars to have a much more diversified assortment and a healthier business with all of our retailers. We have a lot of retailers that have done that already and really believe -- and they believe as well that this is the best future for the UGG brand, is to diversify our assortments further.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: No, I understand that. I want to know what percent these -- those 2 categories would be of the total boot business versus how you plan them this year. I understand all that. I have no issue with that. I'm just trying to understand the question I asked.
David Powers: Yes. It's about 25%, Sam, roughly...
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Well, 25% of your total business, how could it be 25% -- of the total UGG business, how could it be 25% of the boot business when your slippers and all these other things in there, sneakers and so on and so forth?
Constance X. Rishwain: Yes. It's 25% of the women's business.
David Powers: He's asking percent of total footwear.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Boots.
David Powers: Oh, no, boots.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: A percent of the total boot business, not of slippers, not of sneakers. Boots.
Constance X. Rishwain: Yes...
Angel R. Martinez: I'd say to you it's probably around 10% to 15%, and that's about where we want it to be given where we are. Just so you understand, over the last year, the mix of classics has really changed. We've continued to drive our core classic business down from roughly 1/3 to below 30%, and that drop in core classics, we've made up for by the growth of specialty classics. And certainly, when you look at the total boot business, we now have to talk about casual boots and weather and fashion. Total women's -- total classics -- all classics for womens in 2014 is up over 6%.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: All right. All right. Let me follow up with 2 other things. What is the currency impact on the fourth quarter again, Tom, you mentioned it. I think I missed it. Pure currency in the guidance -- in the reduction of the guidance?
Thomas A. George: It's about $7 million of sales that was in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, it's a similar number and has about a close to a 200-basis-point impact on the margin relative to our prior guidance.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: On the op margin or on the gross?
Thomas A. George: On the gross margin.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then lastly, what was wrong with the product in China? And what -- can you just tell us what you did midstream to start correcting that?
David Powers: Yes. Sam, we're still learning what is most appealing to the Chinese consumer, and I think what we have learned is they like things that are a little bit more -- what's the right word for it? They like sparkles. They like more color, things of that sort, and we had come in with the corduroy bow collection, which was material play but didn't have a lot of excitement and novelty in material. We had a grunge collection, which didn't resonate well. So they -- they're -- and they like things that are a little bit more colorful and sparkles and novel, and we just didn't have enough of that. And so that was a miss for them. The adjustments that we made in going into December is we actually started allocation help from the U.S. We had some issues with people leaving in the middle of the season over there, so we were down a person. And we had some systems issues. We had some delays in product getting into stores. So we dug in really quick from the U.S. team in helping out with that team and fixing the store presentation. We sent people over there to help with the visuals, presentations in the stores, got a little bit promotional but definitely not a lot to hurt the business. And we started turnaround in December from those efforts. In addition to that, Sam, we are heading over there in 2 weeks. My whole management team meeting with the Asia-Pacific team and the China team and really getting under the covers of that business. It's going to be a major focus of ours for the next 6 months.
Operator: And we will now go to Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I just wanted to clarify something on the 2016 guidance. I think you guys said that for gross margin, it would now be down 30 basis points, and I know a big piece of that is FX. But I think on the last call, you talked about 40- to 50-basis-point gain coming from sheepskin costing. So can you maybe just help us think about the buckets that drove that difference? Is it entirely FX? Is there some different assumption that you guys are using for closeout or broadening opening price point? That would be helpful.
Thomas A. George: All right. Good question, Erinn, and it's almost entirely FX. So on the last call, we gave you the element that on margins relative to improve sheepskin cost and UGG Pure and now with the change in FX and what we thought we'd have a benefit on the gross margins has now gone negative.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: So then, I guess, on -- from an FX perspective, what should we be using in our models for both the euro and the yen to get to that high single digits for next year from a sales perspective?
Thomas A. George: Yes, we're -- our modeling is based on the current rates at this point in time.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just the last question from a traffic perspective, what you're seeing in the North American stores. Could you maybe just parse out for us how much of the traffic decline you assume was just from a shrinkage of that international shopper, that international tourist just with the strengthening dollar?
David Powers: I'd say probably 1/3 of it. The thing about our flagship stores, Madison Avenue, Hawaii, Woodbury, those are still a large portion of our total revenue and traffic numbers. And when those get hit in a situation like that, particularly in a store like Hawaii, they have a big impact on the total. So it's probably about 1/3 of our total decline is coming out of those major stores, including Las Vegas as well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeff Van Sinderen with B. Riley.
Jeffrey Wallin Van Sinderen - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about any difference, if there was a noticeable difference in business trends between some of your major retail partners in terms of the demographics they serve? In other words, obviously, you've got different retail partners that kind of serve or cater to different demographics. Did you hear of any differences there? And then also, did you hear about any geographic differences in U.S. sales performance at your retail partners that might have been weather related? Just trying to get a sense of where you feel the weather comparisons showed up as toughest in the U.S.
Constance X. Rishwain: Right. For most of our retail partners, the stores that were hit the hardest were the West Coast and Hawaii, which doesn't affect some of our retailers like Dillard's but does affect some of our other retailers. And that trend was throughout the fall. And it was similar, as Dave was saying, for our own stores. Hawaii and the West Coast was probably the softest, and then the Northeast and Upper Midwest was very strong.
David Powers: And demographic difference account.
Constance X. Rishwain: Yes. I would say men's was very strong. Women's was definitely strong. Kids was a little soft. Overall, internet was very strong, a lot of conversion from our stores, from our customers that have brick and mortar and an internet site, a lot of conversion from their brick-and-mortar stores to the internet.
Jeffrey Wallin Van Sinderen - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow-up to the discussion on tourism and such, just wondering how we should -- if you think that, that was maybe 30% of the impact? How should we think about that going forward? How are you -- how was that baked into your guidance? Just wondering how you're thinking about that and the whole context of FX and demand and so forth.
David Powers: Yes. We haven't gotten to that point. We model things out going forward at a store level, but it's a dynamic that we're going to have to deal with. And so it's hard to say at this point, but we are being conservative with our estimates going forward for next year with regards to our larger flagship stores. We are seeing that some of those locations are hurt by traffic but also shopping patterns in the street. And so we're modeling that into our efforts for '16. We haven't gotten to that level yet.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Evren Kopelman with Wells Fargo.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: I had a question about your fourth quarter revenue guidance. I'm a little confused because you're reiterating 10% growth, but obviously, there's currency translation pressure on that, which almost means you're expecting better on a constant-currency basis after the miss in Q3. Can you talk about your level of confidence what are the drivers for the expectation for fourth quarter sales growth?
Thomas A. George: Yes. Relative to the prior guidance, we see some -- a little bit improvement from the E-Commerce businesses as well. That's -- that sort of balances out relative to the currency pressure.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Laurent Vasilescu with Macquarie.
Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Research: FX appears to be a hot topic these days. Can you remind us what percentage of your orders from suppliers are done in U.S. dollars or in currencies pegged to U.S. dollar?
Thomas A. George: Of our -- from our customers relative -- customer orders, right, as opposed to factory orders and that kind of thing?
Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Research: Yes, correct.
Thomas A. George: Our -- yes, our international business is about 33% to 35% of our business. 2/3 of Europe probably is in local currency. A good amount of the business is in the pound, and a faster growing amount of business is in the euro, not only our Benelux business, but now that we're directing Germany, that's had a big impact. And then our -- another big region of the world is Asia, and obviously, China is big, but Japan's even bigger, and Japanese currency has moved significantly. And Japan and China are sort of neck and neck in terms of equal size for the -- within the market. And those are -- and all of Asia other than some of the distributor sales, which are pretty modest, are in local currencies.
Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Research: Okay, great. And then a quick follow-up on store comps. I think in late October, it was mentioned that the third quarter comp could be guided down to negative 0.8%, suggesting to me that the store comp was better in October when guidance was given. So I'm trying to reconcile how the quarter played out in terms of the comp.
David Powers: Yes. To segment it by market, what happened in North America is that comp shifted to online from a replenishment perspective. So when the winter weather started getting colder, classics business shifted to online, but we made up that business online. Where we really got hurt was in China, which we didn't precede those challenges coming at the time we made that assumption into the business.
Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Research: And then lastly, I think in the prepared remarks, you outlined that you're evaluating the store openings for FY '16. Can you tell us how many -- what the percentage of stores are profitable today? And would you possibly entertain rightsizing some locations next year, fiscal year?
David Powers: Yes. I don't have the exact figure in front of me as percentage of the mix, but...
Thomas A. George: Profitable, virtually, all are profitable , right?
David Powers: Yes, I mean, well, the couple of non-UGG stores. Couple of non-UGG stores that were in the mix right now. So at the moment, we're going through a little bit of a retail rationalization exercise by market and by channel. I don't foresee us closing any at this moment, but it's still early in our assumptions. But we are going through the exercise of making sure that each one of these from a lease perspective, from a return on profit perspective still fit our threshold for acceptable profit.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Corinna Van der Ghinst with Citi.
Corinna Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: My question was also on the moderated pace of new store openings. Presumably, we'll get more details in June. But how many outlets could you potentially open in the U.S. and also internationally over the longer term? And does this change in retail growth combined with some of the macro headwinds that you guys highlighted this quarter? Does that impact how you're thinking about your potential for international growth over the next few years?
David Powers: Yes. If you think about -- so take Europe, for example, we've been cautious and conservative in that market, so we haven't had a lot of growth planned in. We do have an outlet store planned for opening next fiscal year in that market, but that's it. Asia Pacific, Japan is still healthy, strong positive growth market with a lot of upside there, so both concepts and outlets have pretty significant opportunities for us. China is the one where we're taking a deeper look, and what we're looking at right now is potentially shifting some of our own store opening plans to partner stores. We opened 18 partner stores last year, and those have been off to a very solid start. And our partners are actually coming back looking for more stores for next year, so that's the healthy opportunity for us to shift some of the owners of that business to the partners. In North America, it's -- there's still tremendous opportunity in outlets. What's exciting about our outlets is we are selling a lot of what we would call full-price product now in our outlets. We have a high demand for product in those outlets, and we don't have a lot of price resistance. And so it's a very healthy business from a margin perspective. We see pretty significant opportunity in that channel to continue to drive positive sales growth and profit. So I don't have an exact number yet, but there's a number of still A locations and top B locations throughout the country that we're taking a significant look at.
Corinna Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then should we expect the pace of share repurchases to start accelerating as we get into calendar 2015 given the new authorization?
Thomas A. George: Well, it's certainly everything else being equal, the bigger authorization, that certainly could happen. We really can't comment on the timing and price and whatnot of share repurchases. But obviously, we're very pleased that the board did authorize an additional $200 million.
Operator: And we will now go to Eric Tracy with Janney Capital Markets.
Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I guess, if I could start with DTC. I know we've gone through this at length, but just as we step back sort of strategically, again, in the future sort of allocation of capital to new stores, I understand in internationally going to partner doors. But just relative to the E-Com business, seemingly that's where the customer continues to migrate, maybe just again talk about the investment spend, the SG&A spend. I know you got a little bit more tactical in the quarter. But is that a kind of longer-term thing we should be thinking about? And then, again, as it relates to your wholesale partners, are you all at this point somewhat more channel agnostic in letting you just go where the consumer takes you? Or still doing the best to optimize the wholesale business while you see the DTC accelerate?
David Powers: Yes. I -- this all goes back to our high-level Omni-Channel strategy. And so if you think about the channels that we do business in, the brick and mortar, E-Commerce and wholesale, they all play an important and significant role in the consumer's experience and shopping behavior. And so our goal is to give them the most flexibility to shop between those channels based off their preference. And we still think it's very important based on the tactile nature of UGG and the diversification focus that we're putting into this brand to be able to have stores that showcase that, and people can still go to the stores to experience the full breadth and experience of that brand. If they choose to then shop online, that's fine. If they choose to then shop in wholesale, that's fine. And we're setting up our systems and our teams and our product assortments to be ready for that. With regards to continuing to open stores, it is still a significant growth driver for us. We don't see the majority of that business shifting online. We still think people are going to want to go to a store, and we still think that it's important to have that experience. And particularly, with some of the Omni-Channel capabilities we're putting in place with Infinite UGG, research -- retail inventory online, click and collect, the stores are just changing in their strategic role in the business. And so it's not a place where you go to just purchase your classics anymore. You can do that online. But if you want to see the breadth of the line, you want to talk to a sales representative and interact with the full product and brand experience, that's where you're going to go, and we still think that's an important part of our Omni-Channel strategy.
Constance X. Rishwain: Right. And with our wholesale partners, the store business is still very, very critical, and we're really excited about opportunities with presentation and cross merchandising between loungewear. We had a lot of that this year especially at Nordstrom, where he had started the [ph] loungewear department and kiosks throughout the store. So our presence in our wholesale partner stores is very critical. They are seeing a shift to online as well, but that doesn't diminish the importance of our business in-store.
David Powers: Yes. And I would just add further to that, we are, obviously, looking at the mix going forward of the business coming out of E-Com versus stores. And I think that was one -- if you didn't understand in the script, that is something that we got surprised by this past quarter, is how dramatic some of the consumers are shifting to online. We're addressing that in our plans going forward for sure.
Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, just a follow-up for you, Dave, in terms of, again, the sort of tactically, from an SG&A perspective, cutting back. Was that really just a 3Q sort of event? Or as we think about going forward, is it really just, say, we're going to flex depending on sort of with the traffic in terms of play?
David Powers: Yes. The Q3 reduction in OpEx earnings was just tightening our belts and being ready in the stores for the continued traffic declines, so making sure that we're more efficient in our stores. But going forward from an SG&A trends perspective, we're going to continue to do that. We've done that in our new store model with regards to capital expenditure and operating model. But also, I think you're going to see that impact in a place like China where we think we can save on SG&A and capital and have some of the partners do the business for us.
Operator: And we'll now go to Corinna Freedman with BB&T Capital Markets.
Corinna Lynn Freedman - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: I just wanted to unpack the SG&A guidance for fiscal '16 and how we get to that 40 basis points of leverage. Does the shortfall in revenue change the way or your philosophy toward the brand marketing? And is that where we might see some savings for next year?
Thomas A. George: No, it's not in marketing. We are going to evaluate our marketing, and as we talked about on the call, we'll consider doing some shifting around and reallocation. But it's not in marketing. It's directionally fewer company-owned retail stores and partner stores. There's really not much G&A associated with that. This year, there was some onetime items that won't recur next year, i.e., some reorganization cost and the transaction cost related to the Germany conversion. The only good thing about FX is it does reduce your operating expenses in those local currencies, so that will help next year. And we're gaining some operating -- more operating efficiencies around the supply chain as well as others we're seeing and anticipating for our business transformation efforts. So that's what's going to be driving leverage next year.
Corinna Lynn Freedman - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then if you guys could just elaborate on how the outlets performed relative to the full-price stores and relative to that overall negative 7% comp?
David Powers: Yes. The outlets had a better comp than concepts, generally speaking, and the other important piece of that was that our margins were better in outlets than they've been in the past. And that's directly associated to our SMU strategy and putting some of our core classic traditional product in those at full price.
Corinna Lynn Freedman - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then, Connie, when do we anniversary the price reductions on some of the fashion product? How much longer are we going to see that impact going forward?
Constance X. Rishwain: So we really rolled that out for fall '14, and so our pricing will be similar for fall '15.
Operator: And we will now go to Danielle McCoy with Wunderlich Securities.
Danielle McCoy - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: I guess, just if we could go back to gross margin, 180 points -- basis points expansion during the quarter, is there any way you can kind of break that out between benefit from UGG Pure increase, Direct-to-Consumer and kind of the negative impact from FX?
Thomas A. George: Yes. I would say the results of impact of having more Direct-to-Consumer relative to a year ago, as well. So really, the FX impact pretty much offset the improvement we saw because of sheepskin cost and the higher penetration of UGG Pure, so that was close to a wash. We had lower -- we had a positive impact on margins relative to fewer closeouts than a year ago, so that helped fewer closeouts not only in volume but improved margins in our closeouts. Germany, there -- that was a lift as well. And then we talked about the Direct-to-Consumer, that was about 50 basis points of improvement because we had the higher content to Direct-to-Consumer at better margins, so a lot of puts and takes, but we did end up with 180 basis points of improvement.
Danielle McCoy - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I'm not sure if I heard correctly. The 200 basis points of FX impact is expected in the fourth quarter?
Thomas A. George: So there are -- you're right. Additionally, for the -- our guidance for the March quarter because of FX roughly is at the same sales impact number, around $7 million, that has a direct negative margin impact. That's going to reduce our gross margin expectations by about 200 basis points in that quarter.
Danielle McCoy - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then can you just talk about inventories a little bit more specifically with Sanuk?
Thomas A. George: A couple of things going on there. First, they pre-booked their spring business at a higher rate than they did a year ago, so they're bringing their inventory sooner. There was some concerns with the port strike that was going on that they wouldn't get inventory in time for reorders, so they brought that in earlier as well. They're expected to have a good March quarter, so they need inventory to service that sales increase. And they do have a much broader product assortment now that they're broadening their offering for women as well as broader distribution as well.
Operator: And we will now go to Christopher Svezia with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: A couple of them here. I guess, first, I think, Dave, you mentioned a comment about increasing average selling prices, and certainly, there are categories of products. Can you just clarify where -- what that is exactly?
David Powers: Yes. It's -- well, what we're planning for fall '15 in -- is elevated price points in specialty classics through some SMUs that we're developing for our DTC channel and then a higher mix of the casual boots in the fashion and weather product that will impact the total AUR.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. So just mix of casual and weather product will automatically increase AUR -- also, not increasing AUR in those?
David Powers: No, no, but yes, there's more to do -- those have more to do with mix. Specialty classics, we'll be increasing prices on it but build -- but that will build demand on design.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. But that's in DTC specifically, not in wholesale.
David Powers: Correct.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then the 25%...
Constance X. Rishwain: No, no, it actually would affect wholesale as well as they convert more and more. The mix will affect wholesale as well.
David Powers: Yes.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, I got it. Okay. And then the 25%, I think you made a comment of casual and cold weather product. What -- is that for '15 -- in other words, calendar '15 for the most part. What was it for '14? Just was it 15%?
Constance X. Rishwain: Let's see. It was about -- yes, it was about 15% to 16%.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. All right. Got it. Okay. And then just one clarifying point here. The classic business, when you guys think about it, take sort of China out the equation for a moment, but at sort of U.S. wholesale, it underperformed. You felt like either, a, from a marketing perspective, a demand perspective, whether some was attributed to weather, whether some of it was attributed to the fact that February was still strong, might have pulled some of that demand. How are you going to kind of manage that fall process as you think about fall '16? Are you feeling like retailers are going to want you to hold more inventory, a more at-once business? I'm just curious how you think about that.
Constance X. Rishwain: So we historically do -- yes, we historically do stock classics for our retailers in the core colors, and we historically stock slippers as well. I think, really, they were happy overall with the performance of classics. They did sell double digits. It was really tough to make up, as we were saying, the Black Friday week, and the first couple of weeks of December were just softer than last year, but they still performed at retail. But we couldn't -- they couldn't necessarily make up the dollars in those last 3 weeks of December. But overall, for the year, classics were up. It was just for the quarter they were down, and that was really due to some few soft weeks compared to the prior year. But still, I must emphasize it really performed at double digits every week in retail sell-through.
Unknown Executive: Could be more [indiscernible] ...
Constance X. Rishwain: There could be more, yes, there could be more -- yes, I believe you were talking-- there could be more at-once business next year based if they plan their pre-book down in the core, and we'll have inventory for those at-once orders.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. Do you expect, Connie, as you go into next year, the classic business, is that expected -- from a pre-book and order backlog perspective at U.S. wholesale is expected to be up overall? Or no, based on this sort of new sort of dynamic what's happening at the business?
Constance X. Rishwain: We've been moving people in -- from core to specialties for the last few years, and we saw a shift for core to specialty. We'll continue to do that. So the core pre-book may go down. We think specialty will go up, and then, of course, casual boots and weather will go up.
Operator: And that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. Mr. Martinez, at this time, I will go ahead and turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you, all, for joining us. Let me just reiterate that it was a record quarter for this company and very proud of the adjustments that we've made, particularly in this very dynamic consumer environment with all the parts all moving, including FX now which is a whole other conversation. I'd say another thing. As we look at our UGG business, we have more consumers than ever accessing more product in more channels with more diversity than ever. And the brand continues to grow because now we see the consumers want to have their UGG in a variety of different tastes, if you will, and that bodes well for the future. That kind of gives us a much more multi-dimensional foundation around which to grow the business. The other piece of this was that it was a business that was done at primarily full margin, which is very important for our retailers. And let me underscore the flexibility of our Omni-Channel strategy, which allows us to analyze trends in the marketplace in a consumer retail brick-and-mortar environment, an E-Com environment and a wholesale environment and move the pieces around to allow us to maximize revenue and maximize profit. And that's a very important thing going forward, and I think that kind of flexibility is pretty important. So thank you, all. Much appreciate your time, and we look forward to talking to you on the next call.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2014-10-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Linda Pazin - Vice President of Investor Relations & Communications Angel R. Martinez - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President David Powers - President of Omni-Channel Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Robert Scott Drbul - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Jeffrey Wallin Van Sinderen - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Corinna Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Research Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Danielle McCoy - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Brand's Second Quarter Fiscal 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Linda Pazin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.
Linda Pazin: Welcome, everyone joining us today. Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal security laws. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements related to the company's anticipated financial performance, including its projected revenues, expenses, gross margin, operating margin, capital expenditures, earnings per share and effective tax rate. These statements may also relate to the company's brand strategies, store expansion plans, inventory management systems and customer retention policy, as well as the outlook for the company's markets and the demand for its products. The forward-looking statements made on this call are based on currently available information. The company's business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond its control, and actual results may differ materially from the results expected at the current time. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factor section of its Annual Report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the SEC. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company disclaims any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date hereof to conform to such statements to actual results or to changes in our opinions or expectations, except as required by applicable law or the rules of the New York Stock Exchange. As a reminder, we have posted supplemental information about the 2015 second quarter in a document entitled Second Fiscal Quarter 2015 Commentary. This document is on our corporate website at www.deckers.com. You can access this document by clicking on the Investor Information tab and then scrolling down to the Featured Reports heading. We believe the approach of providing this additional background information to you will make it easier for you to digest the financial information from the quarter and free up more time on the call for explanations of our performance and outlook, discussions of our strategic initiatives and Q&A. With that, I'll now turn it over to our President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors, Angel Martinez.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thanks, Linda, and hello, everyone. Tom, George, Chief financial Officer; Dave Powers, President, Omni-Channel; and Zohar Ziv, Chief Operating Officer, are also on the call. We delivered a very solid quarter with revenues and earnings up over 20% compared to the same period a year ago. Anchored by our company-wide consumer-centric focus, we believe our evolving Omni-Channel strategy and compelling product offering has allowed us to drive increased conversions across our retail and E-Commerce channels. We believe that our current momentum has the company well positioned as we head into our biggest, most important selling season. Our second quarter, the quarter ending September 30th, is a transitional period for our business. The UGG, Teva and Sanuk brands summer collections wrapped up a solid selling season as consumers responded favorably to our improved offering of sandals and casual shoes. At the same time, HOKA continued to grow at a rapid pace, driven by increased distribution of the brand's innovative running shoes that are now reaching a broader consumer audience. We started shipping our fall collection for our global wholesale accounts in the second fiscal quarter and began resetting the presentations in our Direct-to-Consumer channel to reflect the change in seasons. This fall, we focused the UGG brand on providing customers with a more compelling offering of casual fall boots and shoes featuring a sharper opening price point. Our strategy had a positive impact on our sell-in, which was the primary driver of our second fiscal quarter growth. Sell-in for the fiscal quarter was ahead of our projections as some international and domestic wholesale customers requested earlier deliveries into this quarter. In terms of sell-through, it has been a good start to the fall, with consumer demand for our collections up nicely over last year and in line with our expectations. Starting with the UGG brand, transitional sneakers, casuals and slippers sold well early in the second quarter, and this was followed by casual boots as consumers responded positively to the styling and stronger price value relationship we introduced this year. With temperatures turning cold in recent weeks, sell-through of weather boots and classics have gained pace across the majority of our markets. As we move deeper into the fall season, our classics, including specialty classics, slippers, fashion and cold-weather boots, historically our best-selling collections, will become a better percentage -- rather bigger percentage of our merchandise offering and the focus of our marketing efforts. We're also having success outside of women's. Men's casual shoes and boots have consistently sold well since our THIS IS UGG campaign with Tom Brady kicked off at the start of the NFL season. At the same time, early reads on UGG Home and lounge wear, 2 small but burgeoning category for the brand have been very strong. Both of these categories will have strong presentation this fall and holiday in our DTC channel as well as in many of our important wholesale customers, including Nordstrom, Dillard's and Neiman Marcus. So overall, we're clearly seeing the benefits of our expanded UGG product line as we build on the strengths of the UGG brand to increase our exposure to new audiences and improve our performance across all seasons. Teva's performance continues to benefit from the work we've done, positioning the brand's original sports sandal with promotional platforms and events that are culturally relevant to today's market and the audience we want to reach. Our integrated digital PR social and sponsorship campaign has generated over 500 million impressions year-to-date, significantly broadening Teva's consumer reach. The Originals Collection has been a halo for the brand's entire product line, helping drive sales of flip-flops, casual shoes and boots, and hiking boots during the second quarter. To build on current momentum and extend the brand's selling season, this month, we launched an innovative collaboration campaign with Woolrich, titled Socks And Sandals. The collaboration pairs Woolrich's -- wool blend socks from Woolrich to complete the pattern, webbing and color ways of the original universal sandal, and is exclusively being sold at Urban Outfitters, teva.com and woolrich.com. In addition, we are pulling forward a select 2015 introductions in time for the start of the gift-giving season to further support selling, especially in warmer weather locations. Looking ahead to next year, we're refreshing our Originals line with new colors and new materials, while at the same time leveraging the Originals DNA to launch a new collection of lifestyle footwear, featuring canvas casuals and boots for men and women. Turning to Sanuk, sales of women's sandals, especially from the brand's popular Yoga Mat collection, performed very well during the quarter. On the men's side, new styles of the brand's iconic Sidewalk Surfer as well as new canvas casuals helped drive sales. The plan is to build early momentum for spring '15 over the next 2 quarters by emphasizing new product introductions in stores and on our website, including women's Yoga Ballet flats, our women's Cat Collection of casual contemporary shoes, and men's casual with a focus on the stylish Boulevard Collection. We believe that we have a great long-term potential for Sanuk with the casual footwear market, and believe that we can leverage the brand's authentic surf heritage into more mainstream opportunities. Turning to HOKA. The second fiscal quarter was highlighted by the introduction of the award-winning Clifton, which had a very positive impact on the brand's performance and market perception. With a more commercial aesthetic, the Clifton has broadened HOKA's consumer appeal and helped bolster its position as a serious player in highly competitive world of performance running. The Clifton won Editor's Choice Award from both Runner's World and Competitor Magazine, which has validated HOKA for many runners. The recognition and broad appeal of the Clifton has come at an important time for the brand as we prepare to expand distribution of HOKA beyond running specialty doors and international sporting goods chains early next year. We expect to add distribution of the Sports Authority, Finish Line and Hibbitts Sports starting in January of 2015. These sporting goods chains, combined with Sports Chalet and others, will put us in 100 sporting goods stores by spring of 2015, and in addition, we're launching a trail running shoe exclusively for REI, called the Challenger ATR, which will be featured this holiday season in all 136 REI doors. So overall, we're very pleased with how the brand is progressing at this stage and we're excited about the broader distribution opportunities that lie ahead. In support of our strong product collections this holiday season, we've invested in our most comprehensive marketing plan to date, THIS IS UGG, the brand's first global brand marketing campaign, which launched in mid-August, will anchor our consumers' outreach strategies across all media, including print, digital, social, in-store and out-of-phone. Continuing with the theme of connecting with consumers on a more emotional level, by showing how the brand fits into consumers' lives, we created 4 expansions of THIS IS UGG for the holidays: This is Magic, This is Joy, This is Warmth and This is Cheer. Each showcase is a different key holiday classic or slipper style against the backdrop of a creatively executed snowflake. This campaign will feature both women's and men's styles and will have a focus on gift-giving. We're also incorporating a new classics campaign aimed at generating top-of-mind awareness of our classic products, reminding consumers of the love for our heritage iconic boots and their special place in their lives. Our holiday media plan launches on November 17 and runs until December 28. For this period, we're taking the wins from a successful holiday campaign last year and expanding our relationship with our top-performing partners to create targeted advertisements at spike at key times during the season. We'll also be very active on social media with content that ties to seasonal events, such as the arrival of cold wet weather, holiday travel, and of course, gift giving, as the UGG brand is one of the most sought-after holiday gifts in the world. I should note that our new weather-related creative on the UGG side and merchandising focus is also helping drive conversion and sales in our women's boots category. We're seeing that there is a very attractive opportunity for the UGG brand to grow in the rainy weather category, and we intend to put more focus on this area in the fourth quarter. We're really excited about what we planned from a product and marketing standpoint for the holidays, and we believe that our combined efforts will drive consumers to our global Omni-Channel network of retail stores, E-Commerce website and wholesale partners. Now let me turn the call over to Dave, who will discuss our Direct-to-Consumer business and our international wholesale and distributor businesses in more detail. Dave?
David Powers: Thanks, Angel. Our Direct-to-Consumer business posted a solid gain with second fiscal quarter totaled sales increasing approximately 26% over the same period last year, and DTC comparable sales, which includes combined worldwide retail same-store sales and worldwide E-Commerce sales increasing approximately 3% compared to the same period last year. Store traffic was challenging this quarter, particularly in areas that experienced above-average temperatures during September, such as the Western U.S. and Europe. We were able to partially offset this headwind by improving conversion by double digits versus a year ago, which we believe underscored the effectiveness of our recent efforts to elevate the in-store experience and expand the breadth of our product offering. We remained focused on evolving our DTC model to quickly adapt to changing consumers' shopping behaviors and preferences. As we continue to innovate, we believe the net effect will be consistent growth of our overall DTC business and a positive impact on the company's profitability. We are continuing to see the benefits stores have on E-Commerce sales in markets where we have opened new stores, affirming our Omni-Channel approach to creating a seamless shopping experience for consumers. In North American markets, where we have opened up stores in the last 12 months, traffic to the UGG side is up on average over 20% compared with a year ago. Further, while revenue for the UGG brand in North America through our E-Commerce site was up approximately 29% in total compared to same-stores a year ago -- to the same period a year ago, we've seen even higher sales in markets where we have opened stores. We expect this trend will continue when we open more stores in under-penetrated, high-traffic areas. We believe that the advancement of our Omni-Channel strategy and the continued rollout of several consumer-centric initiatives are also fueling growth for the DTC channel. Internet UGG, which gives our retail stores the ability to sell every SKU available from the UGG brand through our in-store POS system, is enhancing the consumer experience, improving our inventory productivity and driving higher sales. We recently expanded Internet UGG to all stores in North America and all concept stores in Japan and launched the program in Europe. These sales that captured in E-Commerce, thus contributing to the growth of total DTC. We continue to see positive results from Internet UGG driving revenue to E-Commerce. As these channels continue to become increasingly integrated, beginning next fiscal year, we will only record a combined DTC comp number to reflect our Omni-Channel view of the business peer. This year, we saw our summer casuals and sneakers continue to sell well later in the season than in years past. In addition, many of our new fall casual styles carry sharper price points compared to last year. This combination of factors caused our average transaction value to decrease, which contributed in part to our second fiscal quarter comp store performance. Initial sell-through of our fall 2014 collection have been very solid, indicating a positive consumer response to the merchandise offering, and our increasing conversion supports our belief that consumers are finding the right product at attractive price points. However, the sharper price points have made it difficult to anniversary the average transaction value from a year ago. We expect this headwind to lessen in the third and fourth fiscal quarters when classics, weather and winter products become a much larger percentage of our product mix. By region, Asia-Pacific DTC comps increased 13% to the same period last year, fueled by strong trends in both Japan and China. North America DTC comps rose 4%, and EMEA DTC comps decreased 10%. As we head into the busiest selling periods for our DTC channel, in which close to 80% of DTC revenues are generated in the third and fourth quarters, we feel good about our prospects for growth and believe that we can improve comp store performance. Our optimism stems from several initiatives. Beginning with marketing, our THIS IS UGG campaign, which successfully positioned UGG as the year-round premium lifestyle brand through our casual and fashion offering during the second fiscal quarter, shift to showcasing our classics, slippers, weather boots, loungewear and gift-giving products for the holidays. Our mix of marketing activities is heavily geared towards driving traffic to our brand and driving demand online and in-store key styles. We are doing this to an elevated focus on paid media and search optimization. As Angel mentioned, our holiday program's launched November 17, and the number of activations will ramp up over the Black Friday and Cyber Monday weekend. This includes Europe, where we historically have held back the majority of our marketing dollars until the weeks right before Christmas. For this holiday, we are elevating service across all our DTC channels to make it as easy as possible for our consumers to purchase our product. We've expanded our retail inventory online featured to all concept stores in North America and the U.K. and are seeing really good customer response to buy online, pickup in store, or as I call it in Europe, click and collect. We'll also be providing same-day delivery service in our Manhattan stores as part of our holiday concierge message that highlights how we can make the consumer shopping experience easier during the busiest season of the year. And of course, consumers can buy online and return to any store or vice versa, which is whatever there is easier for them. We'll also take returns on product purchased from authorized UGG brand retailers. We believe consumers responds favorably to our Omni-Channel capabilities and find that we offer a level of in-store technology and service that is above and beyond many other retailers. To fully maximize the potential of our brands and our Omni-Channel vision, we plan to continue to expand our physical and digital footprint. Year-to-date, we have opened 18 new company-operated retail stores, including 10 in Asia-Pacific, where we currently experience the highest returns and highest productivity, and 8 in North America, which have been a mix of high return outlet locations and high-traffic concept stores in major metropolitan cities. Included in our new fleet is the technology-driven concept store in Tysons Galleria, just outside of Washington, D.C. that will open next month. In this store, we will integrate elements of online shopping into the brick-and-mortar experience as we test waves to potentially develop more efficient concept stores for the future. This winter, we are also testing pop-up locations, including our first ever UGG lounge store. This store will feature our luxuriously comfortable slippers, loungewear and home products, and will be open from October to early February. Finally, with respect to our DTC expansion, we launched new country-specific E-Commerce sites for the UGG brand in Germany and Italy during the second fiscal quarter. And in fact, we were recently named the top Internet site by L Magazine in China. Similar to the U.S., this is a key fashion publication in China, and the award demonstrates our progress in delivering an attractive and compelling online experience. Turning to our international wholesale and distributor business. Our newly formed Germany subsidiary has gotten off to a very good start. Our strong performance in Germany during the second fiscal quarter reinforces our decision to convert from a distributor model and take more direct control of our brands in this large and important European market. Specifically in the U.K. and France, traffic was challenging at the majority of our key wholesale partners due in part to the challenging macroeconomic conditions and average temperatures that were 10 degrees above last year during August and September. Looking ahead, our fall pre-work in Europe is up nicely over last year, which is a positive sign for the health of our brands in the region. And therefore, if we get normal winter conditions in northern Europe, we'd expect solid sell-through to drive reorders during late Q3 and Q4. In Asia-Pacific, we launched our partner retail program in China, which for reporting purposes are treated as wholesale accounts. During the second quarter, 9 partner doors in total opened, while at the same time, we transitioned 7 company-operated stores to the partner program. These were locations that were outside major metropolitan cities, which we believe will be better served by local market operators. This will allow our China team to better focus their time and resources on driving sales and stores that are in the 9 cities that we have identified as providing the best returns on investments. We expect an additional 5 partner doors in China to open by the end of this fiscal third quarter. In summary, we believe our global Omni-Channel strategy is paying off, and that the initiatives we are driving across all channels have put us in a sound position heading into the busiest selling season of the year. From an organizational standpoint, we've made great strides in being able to better micromerchandise our assortments by country and execute a more targeted marketing campaigns that connect with consumers on a more individual basis. Despite our store comp in the second quarter, which was a relatively small percentage of the total revenue, we are confident that our multichannel approach has given us the leverage to react to global trends and challenges. Our nimble marketing capabilities, product diversification and evolving retail model, which now includes pop-ups and partner stores, is helping us quickly adjust plans in-season to drive category and channel growth. We believe that our initiatives will continue to elevate our brands above the competition, and once again, make UGG the #1 most desired brand this holiday season. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Thomas A. George: Thanks, Dave. As Linda reminded everyone at the beginning of the call, we posted a quarterly financials to our IR website, so my comments on the call are going to be brief and focused primarily on the guidance. We had a strong second quarter. We exceeded our revenue guidance by approximately $22 million and exceeded our EPS guidance by $0.19. The upside revenue was driven mostly by the timing of domestic and international wholesale sales, which shifted into the second quarter and out of the third quarter. The $0.19 EPS increase over guidance is due to the higher sales recorded in the quarter, combined with a shift to some planned marketing expenses to the third fiscal quarter. We plan to increase marketing expenditures in Q3 and Q4 to drive traffic to our brick-and-mortar locations and to our online sites. Based on the UGG brand's second fiscal quarter performance, strong backlog and E-Commerce trends, we are raising our full year outlook. For the fiscal year ending March 31, 2015, we now anticipate revenue to increase approximately 15% to $1.825 billion up from the previous guidance of 14%. UGG brand revenue is now projected to increase approximately 14% versus our prior expectation of approximately 12%. Diluted earnings per share is now expected to increase approximately 15.8% to $4.71, up from our previous guidance of 14.5% growth. This guidance assumes a gross profit margin of approximately 49%, and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 36%, and an operating margin of approximately 13%. Our fiscal year 2015 guidance assumes that the company's effective tax rate will be approximately 29%. Wholesale and distributor sales for all brands were still projected to be at low double digits in fiscal 2015, driven by our Germany conversion, a high single digit increase in UGG domestic sales and continued growth of the HOKA brand. For our DTC channel, our overall sales projections have increased slightly due to the stronger E-Commerce trends for the UGG brand, which are being partially offset by lower store count projections of flat to down slightly. We are now planning for the addition of approximately 30 new stores this fiscal year as we shifted some of our planned concept stores in China to partner stores. For the third quarter of fiscal 2015 ending December 31, 2014, we currently expect revenues to increase approximately 10% compared to the same period in the prior year, and diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 10% to $4.46 per share compared to the same period in the prior year. For the fourth quarter of fiscal 2015 ending March 31, we currently expect revenues to increase approximately 10% compared to the same period in the prior year, and we expect diluted earnings per share of $0.15 per share compared to a loss per share of $0.08 for the same period in the prior year. Finally, we recently completed our sheepskin negotiations for fall 2015 and spring 2016. Lower sheepskin costs per square foot and lower cost to produce UGG Pure, along with higher UGG Pure usage, will result in a mid-single digit decrease compared to the last year. This benefit will partially be offset by higher prices for other raw materials, mainly leather, and an expect the carryover of sheepskin inventory at higher prices. Based on these factors, we believe this will contribute roughly a 40 to 50 basis point improvement in fiscal year 2016 gross margins, overprojected fiscal year 2015 levels. Lastly, we want to let everybody know that we will be hosting our first Investor and Analyst Day at our new headquarters on June 18, 2015. I'll now turn it back over to Angel for the closing comments.
Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Tom. Well, the changes taking place in the retail environment are nothing short of dramatic. The consumer is now completely in charge and is dictating what distribution models will work and what models will fail at a rapid pace. The days of visiting the mall to peruse and shop have changed and are evolving. Now it's all about building strong brands and creating access to products through integrated, multichannel distribution platforms that make it as convenient as possible for consumers to review and purchase the products they want. And we believe that the investments we're making to further develop and strengthen our brands, to build our DTC footprint and evolve our Omni-Channel strategy are driven by this dynamic. The consumers at the center of everything we do, and we believe our efforts to date are in fact positively transforming our growth trajectory. We're better connecting with and serving consumers on their terms. The recent change in our corporate identity, the Deckers brands, reflects our successful transition from a domestic footwear wholesaler into a global, multi-brand operator. It also encompasses the dynamic nature of our company. Our talented employees, the breadth of our quality, innovative products and our commitment to providing consumers with seamless shopping experiences. Not too long ago, we were facing an increasingly volatile market for sheepskin that was impacting our margins. We address this challenge head on through the rapid development and rollout of UGG Pure, which allowed us to strengthen our footing significantly in negotiating and stabilizing prices. At the same time, UGG Pure has allowed us to expand our product line and diversify into new categories, supporting our ability to deliver robust growth in a less than perfect environment. The development of this initiative and this innovative new material speaks of the nimbleness and the adaptability of this organization. It gives me great confidence that we can continue to stay ahead of the pack as the global marketplace continues to evolve. As a whole, the industry is seeing traffic declines and macro shifts. We believe that our Omni-Channel approach will put us in the optimal position to address these macro shifts in the retail environment. We plan to continue to learn and adapt our strategy as necessary to address these issues in real-time. Going into our peak selling season, we believe that we can continue to drive strong sales and earnings growth, notwithstanding a mixed macroeconomic backdrop and continued pressure on the consumer. We believe we're making the right choices and making the necessary investments in our business to not only adjust to how consumers shop today, but to thrive in this continually challenging global retail environment. But we can never rest, and along the way, we'll continue to refine our strategy and stay ahead of the curve with a goal of ensuring that we maximize our results for the benefit of our shareholders, while supporting the long-term growth of our brands. Operator, we're now ready for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Bob Drbul with Nomura.
Robert Scott Drbul - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I guess I have 2 questions. The first one is for Tom. On the shipments that went from the second quarter into the third quarter, just talk -- did you put any numbers around that? And just similarly, the marketing dollars that you're increasing, can you just quantify in either the percentage or how we should be thinking about that expense as we look into the, I guess, your third quarter now?
Thomas A. George: Yes. So Bob, it was some shifting of some revenues from the third quarter in to the second quarter. And if you look at -- to give you a couple of answers to this. So a $22 million revenue beat and about $15 million, $16 million of that roughly was related to the wholesale business and had equated to about 2/3 of the EPS beat. Then the balance was -- and the balance of the beat, about 1/3 of the EPS beat, was due to the expenses, and that's about $4 million of marketing kind of expenses.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: I wanted to just get a little bit more detail on what you're seeing from your wholesale partners since they've clearly increased their deliveries with you. Does that mean that this is fast forwarding the reorder window for you? Or are they just wanting to have more inventory on the floor earlier in the season? I'm just trying to parse out the trajectory of this fast forwarding of deliveries and how that could affect the reorder window.
Angel R. Martinez: Hi, Camilo. Yes, we've had good sell-through so far on the fashion styles, so -- which, I think, has given people a lot of confidence. There was also, as we went into the season, pretty low inventories on products. I think retailers last year were cut short of inventory, so we've had people really step up in anticipation of normalized selling. Wanting to make sure they're not caught like they were last year. And the other component is the sell-through of a lot of the new styles and classic derivatives, for example. I think that, that's been very well received. It was -- it's sold in very well. There's a lot of anticipation in the early response that, that's going to perform, and again, people want to make sure they're covered with inventory.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Evren Kopelman with Wells Fargo.
Evren Dogan Kopelman - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: My question is on the -- some of your comments around the comps. One of them is you mentioned the average transaction value was down and your expectation maybe that headwind will lessen into the next 2 quarters. Can you put some quantification around that in terms of maybe how much of a pressure it was and how much it will go away? And then secondly, you also mentioned comps in the Western U.S. and Europe, where it was warm, were tougher. Can you give us any commentary on how comps are in the other regions to maybe give us an indication of more normalized comp trend?
Thomas A. George: Sure. So to address the comp issues, one of the things that happened this quarter is that the summer selling season extended. So what happened with regards to the AUR and our average transactions in our stores is the consumers were coming in and they were purchasing, our conversion was up 15% globally in our retail stores. But what they were purchasing was sneakers, summer casuals, more transitional product versus last year. At that time, they were purchasing more boots. And so what we've seen is the weather has impact traffic in places like Europe and Eastern United States, and has delayed the fall selling season a little bit. In markets where the weather has cooperated, it has been a little bit stronger. In other regions, we have seen much better comp results. And so our expectations for going forward is that when that kicks in and our selling season kicks in, the mix of product will shift away from that summer casual transitional sneaker business into our core competencies of boots, winter product going into the holiday season. That will help dramatically in our AUR, which will increase. We're estimating about 5% increase in our average transaction price from Q2.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Randy Konik with Jefferies.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I guess, can you elaborate on a little bit more on where you think inventories are in the channel right now and from your wholesale customers. I guess second, can you give us a little bit more kind of thought process around the color on the gross margin guidance for, I guess, next year around UGG Pure? Is that something that's kind of conservative? And I guess the other thing is, how we thinking about the potential for SG&A leverage next year? And finally, from your wholesale customers, how are they kind of ordering from -- on the classic side versus the fashion side of the business right now?
Angel R. Martinez: So maybe tackle some of those. The first one, inventory in the channel. Inventory in the channel is very good. We feel really good about where that is. We always have a close collaboration with our wholesale customers on that, so we feel very good where that's at. Gross margin sheepskin, I think, those are our best estimates at this point in time based on the negotiation and the elements we talked about in the call. I think we feel really good about what we've accomplished there with UGG Pure and our ability to stabilize our largest commodity cost and continued -- we're on track from a strategy point of view, utilizing UGG Pure and we continue to see the benefit of that. Leather didn't help, but the good news, we had benefit from UGG Pure usage and sheepskin contracts that could help offset off that as well, so we feel really good where that's at. Go ahead -- and regarding the SG&A leverage, yes, that's certainly still the plan. We expect to gain leverage next year. I think you see this performance as well as some of our guidance here, we've done very well starting to eat into that ability to gain leverage. That said, with the opportunity we have with all our brands in this Omni-Channel strategy, we're going to make the appropriate investments to drive a much bigger company here.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Taposh Bari with Goldman Sachs.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Tom, did the quarter effectively meet your expectations as you shift around timing and expenses? But I guess, a, did the quarter meet your expectations? And then b, how are you thinking about the UGG wholesale growth for the year now? I don't know if my notes are stale, but it looks like the last we heard it was for an op high single digit growth rate, adjusted for the shift. It looks like you're running up 20 through the first 2 quarters of the year.
Thomas A. George: Yes. Regarding the first question, we feel really pleased where the quarter ended up. We described all those drivers. And regarding our wholesale and our distributor business for the year, the entire company, we talked about low double digits. UGG would be lower than that because we've got some strong double digit growth with Sanuk, Teva and HOKA.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Sam Poser with Sterne Agee.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I've just a couple of things. One, can you tell us, you'll say it in the queue, but could you give us what the UGG wholesale dollars were for the second quarter, please?
Thomas A. George: UGG wholesale global dollars were about $340 million.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I guess the other question is, you said on the last call, you inferred on the last call that the gross margin would be up in Q3. Around the same, it would be up into Q2, but it looks like you were up more than you probably anticipated in the second quarter, so how is that playing out?
Thomas A. George: Yes. I think, Sam, good -- that is a little bit more sheepskin and a little bit more benefit in the quarter from the Germany conversion than we originally anticipated.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Jeff Van Sinderen with B. Riley.
Jeffrey Wallin Van Sinderen - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: I'm not sure if you broke out what the actual brick-and-mortar comp was in Q2? And then I know you give some commentary around that for Q3, but just wondering what your plan is for brick-and-mortar comp for Q3. And then also, can you give us more color on the currency translation impact, if there was some in Q2? And then also what your -- what you have factored into your guidance for Q3 for currency translation.
Thomas A. George: Currencies for this quarter had not much impact below both the top line and the bottom line. Between -- we've got business in with the euro, with the pound, with the Japanese yen. They sort of balanced out relative to the prior year. And we also have some natural hedges with the operating expenses there, so the net impact on earnings per share was relatively small, albeit, a little bit positive relative to the prior year. I think we did breakout the brick-and-mortar comp. It was in the press release. That was negative 8% -- 8.8%.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Scott Krasik, The Buckingham Research Group.
Scott D. Krasik - The Buckingham Research Group Incorporated: Just one clarification first, the store counts you're giving us, are those net of conversions? And then secondly, in terms of the product line on health, this seems be the first year where you're using UGG Pure to diversify the line and extend it. Maybe -- I'm sure we'll see it at Fannie in December, but maybe talk about how that's evolving for next year? How much bigger the fall line can be?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, I think we'll continue to do what we've been doing, and that is to build on categories of product that we know we can successfully exploit. Meaning that we saw fashion boots as an opportunity, we clearly saw an entry point with UGG Pure that allowed us to really develop the kind of product that we knew we needed, and we will continue to evolve that. Twinsole on the men's side has been a very important use of UGG Pure, we'll continue to drive that. We think there's categorization opportunity there. Our slipper business continues to evolve very, very nicely. It's very diversified now compared to what it used to be. As you saw, we also have some new product coming out, and again, if you haven't seen it, you'll see it during Fannie. And tread light, which is a very light, it's this R-Mat material that, a version of, which is used for HOKA. Extremely comfortable, easy to wear product that sort of partners with our slipper concept, but is from our streetwear. So again -- and then the other thing is that the continued what we call the UGG classic derivatives, which are always a fun place for color and materials and doing things that round out the full assortment. So I think that the -- it's hard to even explain how much of a liberating component UGG Pure has been to the design team and the ability for us to really see no limitation and the kind of product we can create and the categories of product that are now available to us without having a product look distorted because of the thickness of the shearling. And I think that, that's really been super important for the brand.
Thomas A. George: Scott, just to answer your other question. The store count is net of the China conversion stores.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Eric Tracy with Janney Capital Markets.
Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: If I -- can kind of 2 separate, 1 wholesale and then 1 DTC. I mean, first, on the wholesale, I just kind of want to clarify. Again, we're talking about a shift of revs out of 3Q into 2Q, but is it an absolute shift? Or is it really just sort of a pull forward, again, of your retail partners wanting to be better positioned, and therefore, the reorder still very much can come through in 3Q? That would be on the wholesale side. And then on DTC, again, I appreciate the seasonal sort of aspects that are potentially a drag on the brick-and-mortar comp. Is there any kind of thought at all in terms of structurally, potentially, the E-Comm business cannibalizing a little bit of brick-and-mortar? And then lastly, just in terms of Europe DTC, again, do we believe it is all seasonal, or anything on a go-forward basis from just the macro that gives you some concern.
Thomas A. George: I'll answer the wholesale question, Eric. The shift is timing. The Customers wanted it earlier so they had an opportunity to get it on the shelf and it can turn more, and therefore, it does have the opportunity to produce more reorders if that were to occur.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, Eric. With regards to the E-Comm, I'm certain that there is some cannibalization to our stores. I think we're seeing that in the marketplace, the consumer is shopping more online, they're starting online before they go to stores. So I think there is an element of that, that's happening to everybody and certain embedded in our numbers as well. What we are seeing though, which is a very positive sign, is how stores are fueling E-Commerce in some regards as well. Like I mentioned in the script, in locations where we've opened new stores, we've seen increased penetration in traffic and conversion and sales on our E-Commerce site from those locations. And at the same time, we're driving incremental sales to E-Commerce sites through Internet UGG, which is sales that we wouldn't have had if we had -- not have a store there. So it's like we said on our last call, the 2 concepts are feeding each other. E-Commerce is feeding stores and stores are feeding E-Commerce, and I think that's going to continue. And our model is gearing us up to be ready for that changes in the marketplace and the consumer shopping behavior, which I think will benefit us in the long-term. With regards to Europe, it really comes down to the fact that September was 10 degrees warmer this year than it was last year, and that's had an impact on the total market. I was speaking to our Head of our Wholesale business in EMEA just this morning, and he said that the entire footwear market suffered from that affect. Doesn't give us a huge amount of concern going forward. I know that when the weather shifts, we'll be ready for it, both in wholesale and DTC. But with regards to DTC, our E-Commerce business continues to be strong and we're still slowly getting back into the retail game over there. But our focus will be on Germany for stores next year. Outside of that, I don't see a lot of new retail locations in Europe other than just Germany for next year.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Corinna Van der Ghinst with Citi.
Corinna Van der Ghinst - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: As a follow-up to the last question, we see earlier shipments and possibility of more reorders in the third quarter. How much capacity would you guys really still have, given your current inventory management, to chase the outlook demand? And just a bigger picture question, I was wondering if you could talk about how you're feeling about the consumer and the winter weather expectations as we get closer to holiday? Has your view on either the consumer or the weather changed since we last spoke to you?
Thomas A. George: Well I can -- let me just start with that last question. The consumer -- right now, I'd say that there's a lot of pressure on consumers and so many things happening in the -- not only the macro environment in Europe, but certainly, people being nervous about various scares that are being put out in front of them from Ebola to whatever else. We're seeing some positive signs around our products. Our brands continue to be in high demand. We're seeing great initial read on our new products for this fall. We think that the diversified product offering has made a huge difference for us. We're being cautious, however, in understanding that consumers are probably going to be out there a little later than normal. That would be my guess. We've also noticed in the last few years that colder weather seems to come a little later than it has in the past, and I think that, that's informing some of, I think, our retailers, in terms of when they want products. They want to measure they're covered early in the season and they want to make sure that we can support them if we get like we had last year, a very extended selling season that goes into what was our Q1 last year would be Q4 this year. So -- and we're in good position around classic product for those kind of fill-ins, and that's really how we build our fill-in inventory. We don't fill in product that is strictly, say, fashion and very seasonable. Those very limited fill-in opportunities on those, but our strength is slippers and classic. We're in good shape on those and we historically have been able to meet retailers' needs what will now be -- and what will now be the fourth quarter.
Thomas A. George: Yes. The other thing I've mentioned there is that for the fourth quarter of this year, we are in a much better inventory position with winter product. Last year, we saw high sell-throughs and we ran out of product last year going into February. This year, we're in a much better position with winter product and also spring-relevant product, which is waterproof and water resistant sheepskin at the same time as well as new transitional boots that will bring us into the early spring season.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Follow up on UGG Pure and I Heart UGG, an update there, how you're seeing UGG Pure perform with consumers in some of the non-traditional categories? And then also the I Heart UGG platform, how is that fitting in? Are you comfortable with how it fits in and within the kind of broader UGG brand?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. As far as UGG Pure, we've had 0 pushback from consumers. It's been extremely well-received. What we did upfront, as we said, it has to be indiscernible in terms of consumer value and what it delivers from a field point of view, and we've achieved that. It is 100% virgin wool, so really, nothing is different in terms of what's contacting your skin. It's just that the method of production has changed and obviously benefited us. In terms of I Heart UGG, as we've said, that was a test and that is a test. This fall season, we're satisfied with the performance. As you know, it was limited distribution. We are still waiting for our primary selling season to kick in, for the colder weather to come, and that's when we'll see where we stand on that product. We have, however, continued to evolve that product line. We'll be introducing some for spring, some new product, and sneakers and accessories, which are very compelling. And all the key price points are met. And so we're going to see how this test goes here in this next quarter and we're able to react accordingly. So -- but so far, so good. We're feeling pretty good about it at this point.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Christian Buss with Crédit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you could provide some perspective on how you're thinking about the development of the European market over the next 3 to 6 months? And what regions are you seeing particular strength in? And where are there some challenges?
Angel R. Martinez: Sure. I think we talked about this a little bit on the last call. Europe presents a pretty dramatic opportunity for us, not only for the UGG brand, but also Teva and HOKA. From an Omni-Channel perspective with regards to UGG, we see still strong opportunity in E-Commerce and retail stores. We just opened our Germany site, and our Italy site for E-Commerce, that's going to provide some long-term growth for us and better connection to our customers. Germany presents the biggest opportunity right now that's in front of us after having just flip that to a sub. And we'll continue to look at other markets down the road as time evolve and those markets evolve to see if there's other opportunities for that. So the brand is strong right now in Europe, and I think we've got to elevate our game with regards to an Omni-Channel presentation, both in wholesale and retail, which will drive incremental growth. But then the market transition of Germany will provide the biggest upside there. In addition to that, we're also taking a serious look at our partner retail model over there, and I hope to be in a position in the next 6 months to be able to say we're going after that in a more aggressive manner with some key partners outside of Western Europe, where we can provide incremental growth in some of those emerging markets as well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Laurent Vasilescu with Macquarie.
Laurent Vasilescu - Macquarie Research: You have mentioned last quarter that about $17 million of inventory was advanced into the first quarter to mitigate a potential port strike. It sounds like the long shore man are still at the negotiating table, so I was wondering if you could provide a little bit color around your contingency plans for deliveries going forward. And then the second part is on Ahnu, I believe it was recently highlighted the brand for lower footwear for yoga market, so could you provide a little bit of color on that front? What's the opportunity in terms of revenues? When can we see product in the marketplace?
Thomas A. George: On the port strike, you're right. We did, in anticipation of the strike, we did bring -- look at what was due, brought in about $17 million, $18 million of inventory last quarter. We still consistently, and constantly evaluate that and keep an eye on that, so most of it is here. So there's not much risk there at all.
Angel R. Martinez: The only risk that we are anticipating there is that we may see a 7-day delay in some shipments if, in fact, the slowdown gets more aggressive, but other than that, I think we're in good shape from an inventory point of view. There should be no risk to what we're looking to ship in the quarter. As far as Ahnu goes, very exciting to see that product. We'll just now be showing it at the sales meeting coming up. It's a fall 2015 product offering. So it's too soon to tell, but we're very excited about the potential. The brand has many, many fans in the yoga world, and we think we've got some very innovative product to put forward. So stay tuned on that because we haven't even shown the product to our sales organization yet, so -- but there's a lot of excitement, I will say that.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Dave, I just have a clarification question for you on the E-Commerce side of the business. So when the consumer is shopping using Internet UGG, does that sale get reported as E-Comm? And then if so, what percent of your E-Comm business today is store-for-sale sales? And then where do you see that potentially moving over time as we continue to see that's going to change and broader customer behavior?
David Powers: Yes. Great question, Erinn. It's a pretty exciting project that we've tested last year, and we've seen dramatic increase in those Internet UGG sales and take us up over 100% since we launched it in the same stores a year ago. It does get booked as an E-Commerce sale, but we, from a store perspective, we motivate the staff by including that in their overall store sales from accounting perspective. So they get credit for the sales, but as far as how it's book, it's an E-Commerce sale. So far, I think it's roughly just under 4% to 5% of total E-Commerce sales. And we haven't put a number as the target as to what we think it could be, but it is continuing to increase. And as we open more stores, more locations can become a more significant part of the E-Commerce business. The other big benefit of that obviously, is we gain all that consumer data and we can retarget them where we can build our relationship for the long-term CRM program. And as I also mentioned in the call, the Tysons Galleria store that will be opening up in November will be our best foot forward as to how we can combine those 2 worlds. And so it's more of a digital shopping experience in the store. It's much more interactive, and I think what you'll see the opportunity for us to continue to drive sales to both stores and E-Commerce through a more technology-driven digital experience in that store as well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Chris Svezia with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Dave, for you, just on the DTC, the physical stores, retail comps, just confidence in that rebound to get the sort of flattish to slightly up in the back half of the year. Just so I understand, it's in part improvement in the seasonality of the business, AUR, marketing, and better in-stock. And the second question I have, Tom, for you. Just to clarify, gross margin and SG&A, sort of the cadence Q3, Q4 between year-over-year growth, is most of the gross margin improvement Q4? Or is it pretty evenly balanced? And how do we think about SG&A dollar growth between Q3 and Q4?
David Powers: Yes, Chris, good question on the comps. Right now, the way we look at Q3 and Q4, this is our prime selling season, this is where we're at our best, and it's our best foot forward, as far as I'm concerned, from a product offering and in-store experience and Omni-Channel capability perspective, and our ability to target and market consumers and drive them to our channel. So I have a lot of confidence in our team's ability to execute. And in places where we have seen some cold-weather turn, we've seen strong results. So I don't look at Q2 results, particularly September, as an indication of what's going to happen going forward. I see us more normalized seasonality going into Q3 and Q4, getting us back to more normalized comps. The traffic has been a bit of a challenge in warm-weather locations, when that turns we'll be fine. Conversion is up 15% over the last quarter and that will continue. And when we get into a higher mix of price points through classics, winter and weather-appropriate products, we'll see our ASP continue to increase as well. So I would say the combination of all those things, and just being ready and be able to react quickly to the market trends particularly. And also into our outlet stores where we have much stronger pipe than we've ever had before. I think our prospects are pretty strong to get us back to a more healthy comp rate.
Thomas A. George: Chris, on the gross margin, the fourth quarter, there'll be modest gross margin expansion -- a good gross margin expansion in the third quarter. From an SG&A growth perspective, the third quarter has more SG&A growth relative to the fourth quarter. Third quarter is more marketing, more stores. In the fourth quarter, there's mid-single digit kind of SG&A growth. That's because the prior year, there was significant amount of expenses in the fourth quarter as we close the year off that at this point in time, the way we're guiding won't necessarily recur this fourth quarter.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Jim Duffy with Stifel.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: A couple of questions. Tom, saw a strong gross margins relative to plan in the second quarter, why not a more optimistic view on gross margin for the full year guidance? Are you just being conservative here? Or is there some rationale why the strength wouldn't continue? And then secondly, Angel in response to Camilo's question, you mentioned strong sell-through of fashion products during the third quarter. You didn't comment on classic sell-through. Can you offer some comments there? And I'm curious if you're seeing a compressed sell-through season for the classics, it makes the 2Q sell-through commentary less relevant.
Thomas A. George: Jim, relative to the margin, the difference there is the quarter we just completed was a big quarter for Germany and the conversion had a significant impact, whereas the subsequent quarter, it's not as big a quarter for Germany. It doesn't have the same impact.
Angel R. Martinez: As far as classic goes, it's still early. We know from patterns of past years that the classic business, especially as we've diversify the product offering, what we define as classic now versus a few years ago is a very, very broad assortment of product, including derivatives. So we're seeing great sell-through on classic derivatives right now. Those classic derivatives, by the way, feature many waterproof products, which if -- I think it's raining on the East Coast and we just happen to run some e-mails and media on our waterproof classic derivatives today. So the main season for core classic is now probably later than it used to be when that's all we had. So people are satiating their need for classic with a variety of other classics, and we expect that as the holidays get closer, the core classic will kick in as it typically has done along with slippers, sort of the tail end in the late Q3 and -- or rather late Q2 and Q3.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mitch Kummetz with Robert Baird.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Couple of questions. Tom, on the Q3 guidance, just remind us what your assumption is around reorders and cancellations relative to last year. And then on that, I'm still -- I guess, I'm not sure I'm clear on the comp for Q3. I thought you'd said in your prepared remarks, kind of flat to down slightly for the year on store comp. What is it for Q3 specifically? And then help me get to the Q4 guidance, because you're talking about $0.15 of earnings. In that quarter, it seems like the earnings for the last few years has kind of gotten worse and worse and worse year-over-year. And now you're expecting that to bounce back pretty nicely. So help me understand how you get there.
Thomas A. George: On the fourth quarter, we've got significant growth from HOKA, significant growth from Teva and Sanuk, obviously some more growth from UGG as well. We'll have more stores, we have some good gross margins, and then we're continuing to start to get -- starting to get more leverage reaching inflection point on some of our overheads and our Direct-to-Consumer business. So that helps swing the needle from a lost quarter to an earnings quarter. So that's the answer on that. And what was the first question on the Q -- was it Q3?
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes. On Q3, just remind us what your assumptions are around reorders and cancellations compared to last year, which I know, those came in kind of better than normal. And then specifically what your store comp outlook for Q3 is?
Thomas A. George: On the reorders and the cancellations, a more normalized view of that, that's more of a mid- to high single digits kind of reorders, and sort of assuming at this point in time, it could be the same cancellations, whereas a year ago, strong double-digit reorders and very little cancellations. And the store comp for the year is flat to slightly down, whereas in the third quarter, we expect -- do we have that handy?
Angel R. Martinez: It's a negative 0.8.
Thomas A. George: In the December quarter?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, in Q3 yes.
Thomas A. George: So it's just pretty much flat, slightly down in that quarter.
Angel R. Martinez: With a pickup in Q4.
Thomas A. George: Right. With a pickup in Q4.
Operator: And we'll take our last question from Danielle McCoy with Wunderlich Securities.
Danielle McCoy - Wunderlich Securities Inc., Research Division: I guess, I was just wondering if you can give us a little bit of color on some of the locations of the pop-up stores, how long do you they'll be open? And when they'll be open?
Thomas A. George: Yes, Danielle, great question. We see this pop-up as a test this year. We see this as a potential, great long-term strategy for our Omni-Channel network. We opened up a store in Square One mall, that's outside of Toronto. It's a 6-month lease. And the way we look at this is it's an opportunity for us to get into underpenetrated markets, locations where we either want to test to see if it is viable for a long-term lease for a store, or to just take advantage of the peak-selling season. It's great because it's a low buildout costs for us. It's in our core selling season so we optimized profitability, and there's a healthy return on those sales over the 6-month period, so it's a test right now. Initial results in the Square One mall has been very strong ahead of plan, which is encouraging. And then actually, just today, we opened up our second pop-up in the U.S. in the Walt Whitman center in Long Island, which is a lounge-focused store concept, which showcases all the lounge in home products and slippers. And so we think that this is a great test that will enable us to be much more flexible in the future , expand our footprint in a more cautious way in some of the locations where we want to test. And we're also doing this internationally as well. So the hope is that we learn from this. There's a successful model here that we continue to work on, and we use this next fall in a more aggressive manner.
Operator: It appears there are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the conference back to management for any additional or closing remarks.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you, operator. And thank you all for joining us on the call. Let me just say that we are confident in our strategy. We're confident in our execution. We know this is now pedal to the metal time as we move into our primary selling season. We're not taking anything for granted and we're certainly not letting any assumptions get in the way of our execution and our performance. We're driving to every opportunity that we see in the market around the world. So look forward to talking to you on the next call, and really appreciate your participation today. Thank you.
Operator: This now concludes the presentation. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-07-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Linda Pazin - Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Angel Martinez - President and CEO Zohar Ziv - Chief Operating Officer Dave Powers - President, Omni-Channel Tom George - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray Evren Kopelman - Wells Fargo Bob Drbul - Nomura Sam Poser - Sterne Agee Scott Krasik - Buckingham Research Eric Tracy - Janney Capital Markets Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Jeff Van Sinderen - B. Riley Randy Konik - Jefferies Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird Corinna Van Der Ghinst - Citi Corinna Freedman - Wedbush Securities Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation's First Quarter Fiscal 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would like to remind everybody that this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the call over to Linda Pazin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.
Linda Pazin: Welcome, everyone, joining us today. Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company's safe harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call are forward-looking statement within the meaning of the federal security laws. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical facts are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements include statements related to the company's anticipated financial performance, including its projected revenues, expenses, gross margin, operating margin, capital expenditures, earnings per share and effective tax rate, as well as to the company's brand strategies, store expansions and cost structure, as well as the outlook for the company's markets and the demand for its products. The forward-looking statements made on this call are based on currently available information, and because the company's business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond its control, actual results may differ materially from the results expected at the current time. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the SEC. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly release or update the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements. As a reminder, we have posted supplemental information about the 2015 first quarter in a document entitled first fiscal quarter 2015 commentary on our corporate website at www.deckers.com. You can access this document by clicking on the investor information tab and then scrolling down to the featured reports heading. We believe the approach of providing this additional background information to you will make it easier for you to digest the financial performance from the quarter and free up more time on the call for explanations of our performance and outlook, discussions of our strategic initiatives and Q&A. With that, I'll now turn it over to the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board Directors, Angel Martinez.
Angel Martinez: Well, thank you, Linda, and hello to everyone. Zohar Ziv, Chief Operating Officer; Dave Powers, President, Omni-Channel; and Tom George, our Chief Financial Officer are also on the call. While we are pleased to have achieved the 24% revenue growth for the first quarter, which was driven by the growing year round strength of UGG brand, combined with increased contributions from our Teva, Sanuk and HOKA brands. We believe that the investments we’re making to build the world-class omni-channel organization and transform our business from a domestic footwear wholesaler into a leading multi-channel global brand operator are having positive impact on our results. We’re better connecting our consumers with our brands and driving sales, fueling a solid start to the new fiscal year. This year we brought to market the most complete spring collections ever across our brand portfolio and the customer response has been very positive. We believe that the combination of great product and our enhanced selling and marketing capabilities that we have developed as a part of our omni-channel strategy as well as our expanded store presence are all fueling strong growth across our brands. For the UGG brand, this spring was about diversity, giving the consumer a broader selection of fashion and casual boots, shoes and sandals that reflect the UGG brands accessible yet premium brand ethos. At the start of the quarter specialty classics, slippers, and fashion boots continue to sell well following a very good winter. As temperatures turn more seasonable later in the quarter, sell through of fashion and casual sandals and casual shoes picked up and this momentum carried through July. The UGG brand’s first quarter performance was also driven by higher initial fall shipments, as many wholesale accounts and international distributors increased their orders for our expanded offering of transitional styles which start to arrive on shelves in the coming weeks. Now to Teva where the focus has been on evolving the brand beyond its traditional outdoor distribution into more mainstream retail in order to target a larger audience. The primary vehicle driving this initiative is our Originals collection. A product line of sandals derived from the Teva brands authentic boots in Whitewater and iconic styling that originally put the brand on the map, but with more modern trend right style product that appeals to today’s consumer. Originals performed well in the first quarter despite the slow start to warm spring weather. By focusing time, effort, and resources on key retailers that we believe fit our distribution strategy, we were able to drive double-digit sell-through while also reaching new and influential consumers. Sanuk had a strong quarter due in large part to the continued success of women’s sandals, most notably the Yoga Sling series. What has been particularly encouraging is the performance of the yoga franchise in many of the brand’s larger national accounts including Nordstrom, Dillards, Journey's and DSW. Since we acquired the Sanuk brand, one of our primary goals was to extent the brand’s presence beyond the action sports lifestyle channel and evolving into a more year on brand. The success of the spring line has helped us gain more shelf space for our fall offering that now includes the broader selection of casual shoes and boots that can be comfortably worn during colder weather. The HOKA ONE ONE brand’s momentum continues to gain pace. We believe that our innovative new products are garnering great attention and our expanded distribution is opening up a wider consumer audience. From a product perspective, we believe that HOKA’s unique higher volume and soft density material is proving to be a disruptive force in the running shoe industry. We’re seeing this unfold in sell through of the brands latest introduction, the Conquest and the Clifton. At this stage, we’re still very much in seed mode and we plan to continue to limit distribution as especially running channel, as we cultivate brand authenticity. That said, we believe HOKA differentiated market positioning provide us the opportunity to develop product line expansion for the larger national sporting good chain and athletic specialty stores. This is something we're working towards for early next calendar year. As we just heard, the new fiscal year is off of a solid start. Now that we’re three month closer to our peak selling season, we remain confident in how the business is set up for success over the remainder of the year. Among the key pillars that support our outlook is a successful fall prebook that we completed in late April. In addition to growing of the order book, the composition was a positive indication that our wholesale accounts and international distributors have a higher degree of confidence in the UGG brand expanded collections of fashion boots, casual boots, shoes and slippers following strong sell through this past winter. Retailers also responded favorably to updated styling and sharper price points on many key styles, which we believe will also resonate with our consumers, included in these years prebook with I Heart UGG, a new premium brand created by UGG that caters to the tween girl. Now we’ve just launched at select retail locations, including several of our company-owned flagship stores in the U.S., in China and Japan as well as Nordstrom, Zappos and Dillards. This includes many high-traffic locations, such as Mall of America, South Coast Plaza, Madison Avenue in Chicago, among others, and also in our brand showcase store here at headquarters. And we're also opening two I heart UGG concept stores in late August, including a 600 square foot store in San Francisco and a 1,000 square foot store in Waikiki. There was great interest generated from the preview of I heart UGG and the launch could certainly have been wider. However, we chose to limit distribution out of the gate in order to test the market response before potentially expanding the line from both a style and door standpoint next year. We’re very excited about the new line and feel very good about its growth prospects given both the quality and the appeal of the product that we’re introducing. We’re rolling out a marketing campaign which taps heavily into social media and leverages direct association with key movie and TV stars that are well known among between audience. Hoka One One’s recent performance also contributed to our prebook performance and is helping to fuel our optimism about our growth prospects in fiscal 2015. While still a small percentage of our overall business focus growing rapidly and we believe that has a sizable runway in front of it. We think it has solid potential to capture additional market share of the global $14 billion running category over the long term. Another pillar of our outlook is the increased investments we’re making in our brands. For fiscal 2015, we’ve increased our total company marketing spend as a percent of sales to approximately 6% from little over 5% in our last fiscal year. The majority of the increased marketing spending is being directed towards the UGG brand with the incremental dollars going towards the combination of digital programs and tactics aimed at broadening brand awareness and driving traffic to our direct-to-consumer channel. Spearheading this initiative is UGG brands first global brand marketing campaign titled this is UGG. The campaign take the physical feeling of the UGG brand DNA and turns it into an emotional connection assuring how the brand fits into consumers’ lives in smaller moments that are actually the biggest. These biggest moment that feel like nothing else. The goal is to connect with consumers on an emotional level positioning UGG as a global premium lifestyle brand year out. We also plan to integrate Tom Brady, the face of our men’s campaign into This is UGG through a series of print and digital stories that focus on his best moments off the field. This is UGG kicks of August 18th and the men’s campaign debuts in early September in conjunction with the start of the NFL season. This month we supported the launch of I Heart UGG through coordinated print, digital and in-store activations. And they are communicating how the product is uniquely different from the UGG brand that incorporates the UGG brand DNA. We want to convey to the tween consumer that I Heart UGG brand is fun, young and playful and delivers the comfort and craftsmanship that is synonymous with iconic global UGG brand. Now let me turn the call over to Dave, who will discuss the direct-to-consumer division in our international wholesale business, the other main pillars of our growth strategy. Dave.
Dave Powers: Thanks Angel. Our direct-to-consumer business continues to generate solid gains with the first quarter total sales increasing 33% over last year and DTC comparable sales, which include worldwide retail same-store sales and worldwide comparable e-commerce sales increasing 10% compared to the same period last year. This was driven by a 39% increase in comparable e-commerce sales as digital traffic and conversion were both up double digit, partially offset by a low single-digit comparable store sales decline. While store traffic has a challenge, we are pleased with the trends in store conversion which are up double digit in every region compared to the same period last year, giving us confident that the steps we’re taking to elevate the in-store experience are yielding returns and that webrooming is the positive trend in the marketplace. By region, Asia Pacific DTC comps increased 38% compared to the same period last year, fueled by strong trends in both Japan and China. North America DTC comps rose 5%, driven by strong e-commerce sales partially offset by weaker store comps. In EMEA -- EMEA DTC comps decreased 1% with soft store trends offsetting strong e-commerce results consistent with the European market. We believe that particularly in the footwear business a significant number of consumers try on product in brick-and-mortar locations and further research and purchase products online. As a result, we believe that our stores and website are interconnected in a way that requires them to be analyzed in a combined basis. We now know that brick-and-mortar locations fuel e-ecommerce and vice versa. And we believe that a portion of our e-commerce growth is fueled by our increasing store base. We see the internet UGG program and similar omni-channel initiatives providing increased contribution to overall DTC comps going forward as we further tie our stores and website. As we look towards the remainder of the year, we feel good about the opportunities for the continued extension of our DTC business. With respect to our store expansion plans, we are still targeting between 30 and 35 new stores for this fiscal year. We will continue expanding our store print in Asia Pacific where we current currently experience the highest returns due to lower buildout in operating cost, combined with higher productivity. The remaining locations will be in North America with the mix of high return outlet location and high-traffic concept stores in major metropolitan cities like Las Vegas, Seattle, San Francisco, Waikiki, Toronto and Vancouver. We’ll also be expanding our international digital presence through new country specific e-commerce sites for Germany and Italy. At the same time, we are continuing to unveil enhanced features of our omni-channel strategy in order to better serve and connect with our customers regardless of where they choose to shop for our product. As we have discussed on past calls, we are taking a very holistic approach to growing our global DTC business with consumer firmly at the center of everything we do which is leading our long-term strategy. The key next step of our omni-channel evolution will be the opening of a smaller concept on omni-channel store in Tysons Galleria this fall. That will feature new in-store web technology such as interactive displays and the ability to reserve online and pickup in-store. Additionally, we believe that several of the initiatives we began testing in rolling out in the last two years such as Infinite UGG and UGG by You, Swarovski Crystallization are now poised to generate even greater results. As a result, we are extending our successful Infinite UGG program to all stores in North America, all concept stores in Japan and introducing the program in EMEA this holiday season. Infinite UGG gives us the ability to offer our retail customers every skew available from the UGG brand to our in-store POS system which we believe will enhance customer satisfaction and DTC growth. Our UGG by You customization program will include additional files and design details for the consumers to choose from such as the popular daily bow and daily button. As part of our continued omni-channel investments, we’re also extending retail inventory online or RIO, a new tool launched this past spring in select stores in North America and EMEA advance of the fall and holiday selling season. RIO provides customers with visibility into store inventory, helping them to efficiently locate the product they want prior to visiting the store. In tandem with this feature, we’ll also be rolling out purchased online pickup in-store, in both the U.S. and EMEA this fall supporting increased convenience for accessing and purchasing our product while driving traffic to our stores. We're looking forward to taking full advantage of our omni-channel platform this fall and beyond. In addition, we’re also making great progress in building our universe of customers through email captures and loyalty program as over 50% of all opt-ins or signups now come from our retail stores and we’re continuing to inject exclusive product created just for our DTC platform supporting fresh merchandise in the market and adding to the appeal of the in-store experience. We believe the combination of these initiatives should help drive incremental traffic to our brand and higher conversion combating macro traffic challenges, which in turn will fuel total same-store sales growth. Turning to our international wholesale and distributor business, we completed the transition toward direct subsidiary model in Germany on July 1st as part of our strategy to gain more control over the global direction of our brand. The changeover went smoothly and we are now in the process of filling out the leadership team that will help us build our presence in this large and important market. Elsewhere in Europe, we experience solid sell through of spring styles from the UGG and Teva brand driven by the positive consumer response to our updated styles and sharper price points combined with much warmer weather across the region compared to the same period a year ago. Overall we are pleased with current state of our EMEA wholesale and distributed business but do remain a bit cautious heading into the fall season given the soft traffic trend that many of our key retail partners particularly in the U.K. In Asia Pacific, we remain on track with our partner store program in China, which for reporting purposes are treated as wholesale account. We expect there to be at least 10 stores opened this year on the terms of the agreement we have signed with these three new partners. Again, these stores are in addition to the company-owned stores we plan to open this year. Our new partners will open doors in areas of China where we have little-to-no presence and believe the local operator is in a better position to run these stores successfully. We spent a considerable amount of time this past quarter and continuing to develop and fine tune our omni-channel capabilities and the long-term roadmap for building world class omni-channel organization globally. We are very excited about the UGG brand’s upcoming fall campaign, 'This is UGG', which we will launch in August and we are also pleased with how our holiday plans are coming together for the season. We believe we will benefit from our most compelling product stories ever and we are optimistic about our opportunities with casual boots, weather appropriate product, limited addition collections, and customized product, as well as our men’s twin fill and tread light programs. We believe these product innovations along with our focus on storytelling will lead to deeper engagements and interest among consumers, improve comp results in our stores and continued improvement in conversion. With that, I will turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Tom George: Thanks, Dave. As Linda reminded everyone, we posted the quarterly financials to our IR website so my comments on the call are going to be brief and focus primarily on guidance. For the first quarter, we exceeded our revenue guidance by approximately $21 million and exceeded our earnings per share guidance by $0.26. Nearly half the upside revenue was attributed to the timing of wholesale and distributor sales and the other half with some higher than expected sales. The higher than expected sales contributed approximately $0.05 to the EPS while the other $0.21 was due to the timing of sales and operating expenses. For the fiscal year ending March 31, 2015, we now anticipate revenues to increase approximately 14%, up from previous guidance of 13%. Our underlying assumptions of our guidance remain the same from last quarter. We are still planning for the addition of 30 to 35 new stores, a low-single-digit store comp increase, and a double-digit increase in comparable e-commerce sales. Wholesale and distributor sales for all brands are still projected to be up low-double digits driven by our Germany conversion, a high-single-digit increase in UGG domestic sales, and continued growth of the HOKA brand. In terms of the bottom line, we now expect fiscal year 2015 diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 14.5%, up from 13.5%. This guidance assumes a gross profit margin of approximately 49% and an operating margin of approximately 13%. We expect fiscal year 2015 SG&A expenses as a percentage of sales to be approximately 36%. Among other items, these expenses include increased marketing and supply chain cost, investments in IT infrastructure, expenses related to management reorganization, and operating cost associated with opening new stores in 2013 and 2014. As we previously said, we expect to achieve SG&A leverage in the back half of calendar 2015, which will be our fiscal 2016. Our fiscal year 2015 guidance assumes that the company's effective tax rate will be approximately 29%. Our capital expenditures for fiscal 2015 are expected to total approximately $100 million. This includes $37 million for IT and related infrastructure to support our omni-channel strategy and international expansion, $30 million in new store openings, and $26 million for the new distribution center. For the second quarter of fiscal 2015, or three months ending September 30, 2014, we currently expect revenues to increase approximately 18% and diluted earnings per share of approximately $0.98 per share. One more note on guidance, the third quarter ending December 31 or old fourth quarter will generate a lower percentage of our total annual sales and profits than in prior years due to higher profitability in our new fourth quarter ending March 31, 2015. With the concerns of a potential West Coast port strike, we made the decision during the first quarter to accelerate some product originally planned for Q2 receipt in the Q1 to minimize the impact of a potential strike. We also routed some containers to non-West ports. These measures increased our Q1 ending inventory position by approximately $17 million but will help address the impact of a potential strike. We are looking forward to hosting our first Analyst and Investor Day at our new headquarters. We had initially planned to hold it in late September. With Q3 earnings released in late January, which include the bulks of results from the holiday season, we now plan to host the event sometime in the spring of 2015. Finally, the company believes total DTC comparable sales, including same-store sales and worldwide comparable e-commerce sales, is a more accurate measure of retail performance. We see many of our omni-channel initiatives providing increased contributions to overall DTC comps going forward, as the lines between stores, site traffic and sales transactions have become blurred. For these reasons starting next fiscal year, we will begin only reporting a combined DTC comp. I will now turn it back over to Angel for his closing comments.
Angel Martinez: Thanks, Tom. The investments that we made as a company the last several years are part of a much bigger strategy to deliver sustainable growth and enhance profitability over the long term. I think it’s important to point out that many of these investments are focused on marketing our new distribution center, which will meet the demands of today’s consumer with shopping across all channels and improve business intelligence systems that are necessary to drive growth moving forward in omni-channel environment. Now think back, just a few short years ago we were a wholesale vendors that deliver product twice a year and our success was largely driven by how well buyers, wholesale buyers responded to our collections at industry tradeshows. The consumer had very little influence in shaping our future direction. This dynamic has been turned completely upside down. The consumer is now the gatekeeper and we've transformed our business model to not only adapt to the new retail paradigm but also to thrive and to grow. We now drop product more than 10 times a year and communicate with consumers on a much more frequent and personal basis. This constant flow of information is reshaping our growth strategies including our product development and store expansion plans, as we now have much better insight into pinpointing demand and directing capital towards what we believe will be high return, high productivity locations. Our team saw this shift in consumer behavior unfolding early on and we think we are one of the leaders in the industry when it comes to making the necessary adjustments in order to succeed in today's global marketplace. As we move forward, we will continue to fine tune our merchandise, our marketing and our omni-channel strategies to ensure and we are constantly strengthening our connection with consumers and delivering them the innovative and exciting product they demand in the environment that they choose. We will also continue exploring ways to enhance our supply chain to drive down cost and improve efficiency to generate operating leverage. While it's early in the new fiscal year, we certainly have a good deal of confidence in our outlook for fiscal 2015 based on the strength of our fall collections and the concerted investments we are making in our brands and the omni-channel capabilities. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question is from Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity: Thanks. Good afternoon. Very nice job on the quarter guys. I just want to have a clarification question on the gross margin in the current quarter and the quarter just reported. If you could just highlight some of the puts and takes on the gross margin. And maybe, Tom, if you could just give us a little bit of key, then to walk through and how we should think about gross margin expansion quarter-to-quarter for the balance of the year?
Tom George: Okay. For the quarter, essentially what happens we came in pretty much in line with our internal expectations that was down slightly and that was primarily due to good half of the sales beat being from wholesale and distributor sales it carry lower margin. So good news, we beat the sales line, but there was a little due to the mix, so there is a little bit of a pressure on the margin. And that for the quarter, since we offset, what lift we had for more DTC expert, DTC business from relatively a year ago, as well as what sheepskin savings we had. And keep in mind that this quarter is a quarter that the sheepskin savings are less impactful than they are in later quarters. And in terms of the cadence for future quarters, there is going to be what we anticipate at this point in time is expansion obviously in the out quarter with looking through here roughly the same amount, Q2 and Q3 will have the same amount of expansion between one another. So about the same expansion for Q2 and Q3 relatively to the prior year. In Q4, a little less expansion because we lap some of the sheepskin savings. So for the June quarter and the September quarter, you have some benefit of direct to consumer, more direct to consumer content. You also have some sheepskin savings relatively to the prior year, as well as in the June quarter -- excuse me in the September quarter and the December quarter, some benefit associated with the conversion to Germany business. So direct model versus the distributor model.
Camilo Lyon - Canaccord Genuity: Fair enough. That’s very helpful. Thanks. And then just on the inventory position, you guys have done a great job of managing the inventory very cutely. Is there a thought or maybe a fear that your inventory might be on the linear side then you’re comfortable with or you pretty good with it’s from the perspective of being able to meet that once order should the season call for it?
Tom George: We feel that we have the right inventory levels and we should be in a better position this season to be able to service some more in-season demand.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) We have the question from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn Murphy - Piper Jaffray: Great, thanks, and congratulations on a very good quarter. On how far you are -- just wonder if you could pick a little bit more about the buzz that you have had or heard so far about the I Heart UGG launch. I realize it’s only been over a week now, but maybe just helping understand how you think about the rollout going forward beyond this initial fall season?
Angel Martinez:  Yeah. Thank you, Erinn. We are very optimistic given what we've seen so far, but as you’ve said it's extremely early. The activity gears up around the digital marketing efforts here as the quarter progresses, so we’ll know a lot more. The response we’ve had through the next season’s product has been very, very strong. I think you can start to see the dimension that this little brand is going to take on. The appeal to that twin consumers is pretty significant. I mean, and thinking about this, its also not just footwear, it's handbags, it’s accessories, it's a lot of things that sort of round out this statement that we’re making with I Heart UGG. So too early to tell, but all the indicators are very positive and we feel confident that the consumer will react. Probably beginning with, we shouldn't see a nice little bump with back-to-school and then of course as a fall weather changes.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Evren Kopelman with Wells Fargo.
Evren Kopelman - Wells Fargo: Thank you. Good afternoon. Congratulations. Can you comment on -- you mentioned the shift in the wholesale out of or into Q1, but your second quarter sales growth guidance is pretty strong as well and then the back half looks lower. Can you comment on some of the dynamics that’s driving the 18% sales growth guidance in the second quarter and then lower in the back half? Is there more shipment shift? Some of that would be great. Thank you.
Angel Martinez:  Some of it is the timing that shifted from the June quarter and to the September quarter. Some of it that sort of a take, whereas on the put side there's now we’re direct in Germany, we’ll get a lift in sales and that contributes to some of the sales growth on that side of equation. They have more stores relative to a year go. That’s another thing is driving that growth and we feel real good about U.S. UGG, U.S. domestic wholesale business also this September quarter.
Operator: And we’ll take our next question from Bob Drbul from Nomura.
Bob Drbul - Nomura: Hi. Good afternoon. The question there -- Tom, around the gross margin again, on the fourth quarter you talked about you’re wrapping the sheepskin. Can you put some numbers around the cost of sheepskin in the fourth quarter? And I guess, corresponding that to the continued penetration of the Pure business on the input cost side and sort of how that's playing through the business model into this year?
Angel Martinez:  Good question. Given we don’t finalize our sheepskin for the next calendar year until October timeframe, what assumptions we have for sheepskin now in the new fourth quarter, which is the March ending quarter is really a continuance of our current, not only sheepskin cost but our current penetration of UGG period at this point in time. So if we get more visibility of sheepskin cost, which we will have for the October call and at that point in time we will use even have more visibility what our next year’s penetration appear will be, we will be probably refine that number.
Tom George: I think what we said in the past is next year we should expect penetration about 40% of Pure. Keep in mind that new product launches such as I Heart UGG are exclusively are Pure. And so as that grows, it could accelerate our incorporation of UGG Pure into the product line. Twin soul is another example of where we used our Pure to enhance product in ways that consumers really respond well to creating a much better price value. So we're very selective and judicious about where we use our peer but the benefits to the consumer are pretty obvious.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Sam Poser with Sterne Agee.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee: Good afternoon. I’m going to ask you a long one. Can you tell us the same question for Camillo on the SG&A and can you give us the UGG wholesale business was for Q1?
Angel Martinez: No, we don’t give that -- those element.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee: It will be on the queue. I just wonder if you give us what the wholesale revenue was for Q1.
Tom George: So on a global basis for Q1. Correct me, if I’m wrong, we’re approximately $74 million. So it is that. Some of the SG&A, sort of that, cadence, more SG&A growth in the September quarter, relative to the growth we saw in this quarter, moderate this growth obviously in the December quarter, we’re marketing there some growth and then there will be more storage as well. And then the March quarter, the SG&A growth is pretty comparable to the growth we saw this quarter we just completed in absolute dollars.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Scott Krasik with Buckingham Research.
Scott Krasik - Buckingham Research: Hey, everyone. Thanks and congratulations. A sort of a two-part question on the EMEA, if you can just dig into the Germany opportunity, I think you had some of a capital constraint distributor. So what the opportunities are that you just have been recognizing at all. How big that, you think that can be in a couple of years and then you alluded to caution around the U.K. What did you mean exactly? Is that the wholesale business, the retail business? Any color you could give? Thanks.
Dave Powers: Yeah. Thanks. This is Dave. With regards to Germany, if you think about that market now, it’s been a wholesale lead market and it’s a very healthy market that we’re taking over and transitioning into. But we believe that we with the expertise we have in the region through marketing and merchandising that will help our existing wholesale business and not necessarily looking at new distribution opportunities because we have the pretty solid distribution network now but just enhancing that business through marketing and merchandising. And then going direct through e-commerce which we’ll be launching this year and in fact, I’m heading over to Europe tonight to travel Germany next week to start looking at store locations. So we think the potential for that market is very strong and the brand awareness is strong. The brand is in healthy position and so the combination of elevating wholesale, activating ecommerce and direct-to-consumer retail, we think it could be our second largest market in few years. With regards to the comment about just being a little bit cautious about wholesale that’s with regard to the macro condition of the European market, particularly the U.K. market, more with regards to our wholesale partners and just making sure that we’re keeping a close eye on them and their traffic patterns as the whole market is seeing slow traffic to stores, brick-and-mortar stores. And so we don’t want to get too excited about that until we see how the traffic -- macro trends continue in that market.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question is from Eric Tracy with Janney Capital Markets.
Eric Tracy - Janney Capital Markets: Good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I’ll add my Congrats. I guess for Dave to follow up on DTC, certainly understand the evolution of the omni-channel business but given that you commented on essentially folks are now more showrooming there at least, trying on product and then going, buying online. How do you think about the evolution of brick-and-mortar format. Sounds like you’re going to rollout towards this or at least test a more tech-driven concepts here in early ‘15 but maybe just speak to that as well as what are the potential opportunities from a marketing perspective trying to drive traffic actually to the stores as well?
Dave Powers: Yeah. It’s a great question and just before I jump into that just to define webrooming as I mentioned that in the commentary. Webrooming is the practice of searching online and then shopping in store. So it’s kind of the opposite of showrooming. And what we’re finding with the combination of our stores in e-commerce site is they are more interconnected than they have been. And consumers are, they are both showrooming and they are webrooming. And what we’re finding through that is that we have the ability to drive traffic from one channel to the other. So if you think about the effective opening of stores. This is how we’re looking at it now. When we open a store in a metro area, we do the sales in the four walls of that store. We also have Infinite UGG which delivers sales through our e-commerce site than we capture customer data which in turn leads to sales in our e-commerce site. And then we create awareness in the market places which drives even more business to e-commerce. So we’re starting to think about the stores as not just the store in a four-wall P&L but a store that impacts the overall macro environment of our brand in that metro area. The inverse of that is that we have the ability now through analytics and increasingly CRM and loyalty programs through e-commerce to better target customers in those metro areas we know where they are. And we can send them through merchandising and marketing initiatives digitally back to the store. So that’s why we’re looking at this as a combined ecosytems, stores in e-commerce sites, feeling each other, looking at across P&Ls, across the organization, across merchandising. And so as we look at that, it weighs heavily into our decision in where we want to put stores. And we have more analytics than ever to decide where we should put the stores based on what our consumers are buying, where they live, what we’re learning from analytics and social to target key metro areas. That being said, we’re still looking at locations that are going to return above 20% return on sales being cautious of where that will be in North America. But that’s really North America, Europe, dynamic right now. If you think about Asia Pacific, particularly China where there isn’t a wholesale business, we’re still focused on large metro areas and key opportunities that we’re learning from our e-commerce business both through owned and partner stores.
Angel Martinez: Let me add to that, Eric. One of the key learnings here with an omni-channel strategy is the one we’ve implored is impacted -- really understanding how big are the stores that you should be opening going forward and because you may not need the backroom, you think you need. For example, we have a store downstairs in our headquarters here. It’s called the brand showcase, features all of our brands. The footprint of the store is much smaller than it would normally be because they are also banks of iPads that allow the consumer to access any of the products from the brands not displayed in the store directly online and available within 24 hours. Interestingly, that aspect of the store is now 30% of revenue in the store. So 30% of revenue being driven without the need for the footprint and the needed backroom and the staffing that goes with that. So size of store and location of store are informed by the omni-channel strategy. Very, very important components going forward which should yield much better efficiency.
Linda Pazin: And just to clarify the Infinite UGG program, all the sales that take place on the iPad are credited as an e-commerce sale, not a retail sale. Although that purchase never would have occurred had that consumer not locked into the store. And we had tested that with a very small number of stores in the fourth quarter and December quarter of last year and that is now being ruled out to all of our stores in North America as well as stores in Japan as well. And we still expect that to contribute a much bigger percentage to our sales as that is being ruled out on a much larger scale globally.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from Taposh Bari with Goldman Sachs.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs: Hey guys. Good afternoon this quarter. Commentary for the spring season, I know everyone is focused on the outlook but spring season sound like it was a pretty good season for guys in what seems to be a pretty uninspiring retail environment. So do you feel like you gained share in the quarter over the season actually not as bad as maybe we would have thought?
Angel Martinez: I think what’s benefiting us or now that we have multiple brands performing in the spring and each of them is gaining share, certainly HOKA is gaining in the running, especially in the running area. I think that there is some share that Sanuk is gaining, specifically I believe from Tom’s. I think that’s an opportunity. And I think Teva is gaining significant share from Keen. So I think those are very important components that reflect the balance that we are now seeing in our spring portfolio approach. And don’t forget UGG’s performance in the spring was a record. So that continues to evolve very nicely. So we’ve got a spring offering that is stronger than we’ve had and all of those brands are performing significantly better than they have in the past.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Jeff Van Sinderen with B. Riley.
Jeff Van Sinderen - B. Riley: Hi, good afternoon. Let me add my congratulations as well. Can you talk a little bit more about the shelf space you’re gaining with Sanuk. I think you mentioned that in your comments. And then any more color you can give us on where you are in the process of rolling out distribution of HOKA?
Angel Martinez: Sure. On Sanuk, when we acquired that brand, the brand really was 70% men’s, 30% women’s. It was primarily distributed in surf shops and actions sports distribution. And we knew that the gender profile of the brand would need to alter significantly, if we would to have any hope of selling product in department stores for examples. So one of the things we are seeing with Sanuk is a major transition to a much more compelling women’s product offering. We are now seeing that the shift has occurred. In many locations we’re 60:40 women’s to men’s. On our location downstairs, we are 60:40 women’s to men’s. In up stores, they are 60:40 women’s to men’s. And that’s being fueled by very specific product that for example the Yoga Sling and some of the new closed toe product that Sanuk has been performing well the slip ons. The casual canvas approach they are taking in men’s and women’s. So all those things are converting the brand to I think a much more commercial longer-term growth story, because we can now sell department stores whereas when we acquired the brand, I think we were very limited there because of the men’s dominance really. In terms of HOKA distribution, we have made significant inroads in penetrating the running specialty environment in the U.S. We are now continuing that same strategy outside the United States in our key markets where we have decided to roll the brand out. We are also seeing as we mentioned -- I mentioned in my comments next year we will be moving into athletic specialty and sporting goods, with unique product specifically for that channel. These will not be products that running specialty we will be competing with which is very, very important. The most thing is we will not be comprising the field and the performance of the HOKA product in any channel of distribution. So that consumer who shops at DICK'S Sporting Goods let’s just say is going to have the same HOKA experience that the person who is shopping and running specialty store. There will be different products. Also, we are running specialty store consumer. I think has a need for more diversity of product. Maybe when they started running, they went to DICK’s and bought shoes and then over time they migrate toward running specialty store where they can get specific shoes for toe running or for road running or maybe racing shoe or variety of other things. So that diversification of product line is offering up these opportunities and we are very excited about that.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Randy Konik with Jefferies.
Randy Konik - Jefferies: Thanks a lot. Good afternoon. So I guess my question is around posturing for holiday 2014 by your wholesale accounts relative to holiday 2013. How do you think they are giving us out their business? Going to holiday this year, how they’re changing their order patterns? What types of product changes are they making into their assortment? I am assuming that last holiday they didn’t have enough products to cut in by surprise. So I was just trying to get a sense of how they are thinking going into this year’s holiday. And then also just to clarify, did you say UGG Pure will be 40% by the end of calendar of ’14 or ’15? And then lastly from I Heart UGG distribution standpoint, would you imagine that being a potentially wider net of door distribution then your other lines like men’s or something that? How do we think about the actual distribution opportunity in that sub brands? Thanks.
Angel Martinez: Okay. First of all, the 40% is a calendar ’15 number. The I Heart UGG distribution will expand in reflection of the UGG distribution. It’s going to be primarily department store, our own stores and then key independent specialty retailers. So you can just look at the UGG footprint and pretty much assume that you are going to see I Heart UGG potentially in most of that distribution. And when it comes to -- I think confidence is probably the most important word here. I think retailers have more confidence in the strength of the brand. The assortments are so much better than they have been. We now have very, very competitive product at the key price points that we did not have a few years ago. We have fashion boots. We have weather boots. We have product at say $175 which is a very, very important target for us. So that has also given the retailer confidence. I think what you will see this year versus prior year is the much expanded assortment in the season, much less dependence on core classic and classic derived product. Yes, of course, those are all still very important, but you are going to see a side of UGG that you probably haven’t seen in prior years due to the strength of the offering and that will continue. And I think that that’s again giving people confidence in the fact that they are not going to walk a customer, who is looking for a fashionable season right product.
Operator: Thank you. We will take our next question from Mitch Kummetz with Robert W. Baird.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird: Yes, thanks. A question for Dave. I was hoping if you could just maybe give us some color on the disparity in Q1 DTC comp by geographic region? I mean it seemed like Asia-Pac was particularly strong, really stronger than North America and Europe. And I was wondering if there is a reason for that difference.
Dave Powers: Yes, I think the biggest challenge from a comp perspective we saw was in Europe. As I said, it’s consistent with the market is seeing there, the traffic being challenging. Tourism in the Europe market is challenging. So the toughest market was Europe, followed by the U.S. But the U.S. was a small comp. And in fact if you add Infinite UGG sales back in, it gets back to flat comp in North America. So, pretty small overall. But the real shining star of the group is Asia Pacific both in China and Japan, with positive double-digit sales comps in those locations. Then the thing that’s important to keep in mind about all this, even though we are having some challenging traffic locations in all market, our conversion was up double digit, 20% globally across all those markets, which really goes back to the point I have been trying to make in the last couple of calls is the investments we are making in our team, the capabilities around merchandising, inventory control and store experience, localize merchandising assortments that in tune with that local customer. Those are the things that are going to make a difference and going to allow us to continue to combat some of the traffic trends globally.
Operator: Thank you. I’ll take our next question from Corinna Van Der Ghinst with Citi.
Corinna Van Der Ghinst - Citi: Thank you. Hi, guys. You talked about the new innovations that you’re implementing in omni-channel with the customer moving between your website and stores. But how do you think this omni-channel shift is impacting your customers on the wholesale side of the business? And are you concerned at all that some of these innovations in your own DTC could eventually cannibalize some of your wholesale?
Angel Martinez: Yes. Good question. We’re learning about this everyday. I think the good news is that most of our key wholesale accounts are also investing in omni-channel capabilities. If you think about Nordstrom, they’re leading in airspace and getting in tune with their customers and adapting their stores and sites. But actually, we firmly believe that our stores in e-commerce site are driving traffic and awareness to the total business, including wholesale. And one of the opportunities for us is to continue to use the analytics and information that we’re learning from our stores and our sites to help drive traffic to wholesale and vice versa. So I think consistent with what’s happening in the total marketplace. Those retailers who are realizing that there is a revolution going on out there and they’re changing their approach and implementing their own omni-channel capabilities. Those are the ones who are going to succeed and those are the ones who are going to continue to partner with.
Dave Powers:  Let me add to that. I think that the -- one of things that’s obvious is the consumer today sees a product presentation online let’s say and expects that same assortment and that same product to be available at retail, either at your own stores or in a wholesale point of distribution. So as I was saying in my comments, while it seems that years ago, the wholesale buyer was the arbiter of what the consumer saw as a brand, now the consumer doesn't want that kind of editing going on. They want to see what they expect to see on their iPad. They want to go to the store, whether it's your store or a wholesale partner and say this is what I’m looking for. I want this product. And if you don’t have it at that brick-and-mortar location, they walk out and order it online. So it behooves I think the wholesale channel to represent brand appropriately and consistently with what the brands are doing on their websites and on their own stores, otherwise they’re going to walk customer. And the smart ones Nordstrom included Dillards. They see that and they are focusing on the brand that consumers are demanding and giving that assortment, the type of presentation that it requires in order to assure that kind of consistency.
Operator: Thank you. And we’ll take our next question from Corinna Freedman with Wedbush Securities.
Corinna Freedman - Wedbush Securities: Hi. It’s Corinna Freedman from Wedbush. Just wondering about your use of cash and you still have about $70 million on your share repurchase. I’m just wondering if you plan to return to the market anytime soon or is it just not a priority at the current time? Thanks.
Angel Martinez: That’s our high class problem, good margins, good earnings generate a lot of cash. And at this point in time really our priority is to reinvest in the business. And we do have that, $70 million available on the current share repurchase and probably that -- historically we've done share repurchases opportunistically and that’s probably leave it at that.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll take our next question from (indiscernible), Credit Suisse.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is (Indiscernible) sitting in for Christian Buss. I was wondering if you guys could give us an update on your efforts to develop a new more capital efficient store. Wondering how far you would -- where you are in that process, whether you’ve identified appropriate markets or specific locations. Just want to see where we are in terms of rolling out at that first prototype? Thanks.
Angel Martinez: Yes. Good question. First of all the progress we’ve made over the last year and a half is pretty significant. The average cost to build of our stores has come down roughly 30%. I mean that’s largely due to the reengineering in the fixtures but also just been more efficient in our ability to build those stores with the right contractor and the right operations globally. But that’s we’re continuing to look at that. The omni-channel store that we’re launching, in Tysons Galleria this fall is the next step but that once really more from the design of experience perspective. We’re still focusing on that as being an efficient store buildout. But long-term, I think we’re going to take a holistic approach and relook at the overall design of the UGG stores. See whether there’s efficiency in savings from the buildout of the fixtures, also in POS system and all the operational component of the store. And that also plays into our conversation around smallest store footprints. So my goal overtime is to continue to lower the overall capital expenditure on a store that have been come down 30%, I think there is probably another 10% to 15% in there somewhere. And then as we open in Asia-Pacific, more stores in that region, those stores are less expensive to build than they are in North America, which would play into that as well.
Operator: And we’ll take our question from Howard Tubin with RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, guys. Maybe just follow-up on that question. Any more color you can give us on the brand showcase store, which we learned from it so far and with the potential for that concept is beyond the one store you have right now?
Angel Martinez : Yeah. Good question. Howard, especially since you’ve been to the store, you’ve experienced that. As we know, we learn from that store everyday. We’re testing a lot of different things in that store. We've recently been testing cross merchandising around category so you can walk in and see. But sandal table, that’s represented by all of our brands or boot table. We just launched I Heart UGG in there to see how that works with our local consumers. We’re doing surveys with consumers. It really is proving to be a fantastic lab for us both on a consumer insight level, but also merchandising and in omni-channel perspective. As Angel mentioned 30% of our revenue in that store is generated through our Ipad e-commerce. So we’re learning about operational efficiencies and inventory control as well. Based off initial response to the concept, which has been very positive in our desire to get more distribution for some of our smaller brands and more awareness for those brands. We are considering opening up a multi brand showcase store next year, not a guarantee but it something that we’re -- it’s on the list of things we’re looking at right now. We have a store model and design that we think feels pretty good. And so we’re exploring that idea for both North America and key towards high visibility locations to showcase our other brand but also as a way to bring some of those brand into places like China and Japan in a more meaningful way as well. So far six to eight months in, we’re pretty pleased with how it’s working. Customer responses has been very positive and we think it something unique in the marketplace.
Operator: That concludes today’s question-and-answer session. Mr. Angel Martinez, at this time, I will turn the conference back to you for additional or closing remarks.
Angel Martinez: Well, thank you all for participating in the call. Clearly, it was a strong quarter, but we’re just getting geared up. You can see the progress we’ve made against our initiatives and the return that we’re getting on some of the investments we’ve been making over the last few years. And we’ll continue to drive this business as the opportunities continue to expand right in front of us. Very proud of our teams, across all the brands and very proud of the brands. I think the brands have made tremendous headway in the last year particularly. And really appreciate your support and your confidence in us and our brands. Thank you all.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Linda Pazin - Vice President of Investor Relations & Communications Angel R. Martinez - Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and President David Powers - President of Omni-Channel Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Zohar Ziv - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Robert Scott Drbul - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Corinna L. Freedman - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division Courtney Willson - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey Wallin Van Sinderen - B. Riley Caris, Research Division Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation's Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2013 Year-End Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. I'll now turn over the call to Linda Pazin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications. Please, go ahead, ma'am.
Linda Pazin: Welcome, everyone joining us today. Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call regarding the company's expectations, beliefs and views about its future financial performance, brand strategies and cost structure are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to the company's anticipated financial performance including its projected revenues, expenses, gross margin, operating margin, capital expenditures, earnings per share and effective tax rate, as well as to the company's brand strategies, store expansion and cost structure, as well as the outlook for the company's markets and the demands for its products. The forward-looking statements made on this call are based on currently available information, and because its business -- the company's business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond its control, actual results may differ materially from the results expected at the current time. The company has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the SEC. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly release or update the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements. With that, I will now turn it over to the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors, Angel Martinez.
Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Linda. And hello, everyone. With me and Linda on the call are Zohar Ziv, Chief Marketing Officer; Dave Powers, President, Omni-Channel; and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Our strong fourth quarter performance capped off a very productive and transformative year for our organization, as we exceeded on our strategic plans and laid the groundwork for what we expect will be continued gains in the year ahead. We believe that our robust growth was driven by the enduring strength of our UGG brand and the strategic investments we are making in our brand portfolios, and our marketing efforts, distribution channels and infrastructure, as well as improved selling conditions given the cold weather compared to a year ago. As we've talked about before, the macro environment of the past few years really challenged our organization to adapt to significant obstacles facing the industry, including fluctuations in weather, significant increases in commodity costs and more recently, the way consumers shop. I'm extremely pleased with how our teams have responded to these challenges by, among other things, embracing innovation. We developed more compelling spring and nonseasonal footwear that better exemplifies the UGG brand ethos. Highlighting our progress, UGG core Classics units represented just 1/3 of our business in 2013 compared to approximately 50% a year -- 5 years ago. This is a very important shift as it shows the evolution of the UGG product line and the growth opportunities ahead for the brand. We also created UGG Pure, allowing us to offer our consumers luxurious quality at appropriate price points and extend into new categories. And our foresight into the changing retail landscape led us to be early adopters of an Omni-Channel strategy. And we're continuing to develop the critical capabilities to be able to connect with the right -- wide range of consumers no matter which channel or device they choose to engage with us, where or when. What has remained constant during this period of change is the strength of our brand portfolio. Building brands is extremely difficult. I know this as I have spent my whole career working at this. This is why we remain very cognizant of the advantageous position we're in with several great brands. What I'll also note is that brands need the right resources in order to continue to grow and evolve in this very dynamic environment that is driven by the consumer like never before. During the year, we made considerable progress evolving all of product lines and expanding the reach and capabilities of our Direct-to-Consumer operations, while delivering record revenue of more than $1.5 billion. Heading into the holiday season, we felt good about our prospects based on what we believe was the UGG brand's strongest, most complete line ever. The consumer response to our product offering was very positive, with strong full price selling across our wholesale accounts in our own retail stores and across our E-Commerce websites. The strong fourth quarter led to substantial gains across our UGG product lines for the full year with UGG sales increasing nearly 10% to a record $1.3 billion in 2013. I want to congratulate Connie Rishwain and the UGG team on this tremendous achievement. Their hard work, creativity and commitment to developing and expanding the UGG product line is leading to very positive results. Our U.S. business showed resiliency in the fourth quarter, driven by a more diverse and accessible product offering, enhanced marketing efforts and improved selling conditions compared with the year ago. Sell-through of Classics was stronger than expected, with specialty Classics such as the Josette and the Bailey Bow, and the Lanettes [ph] performing extremely well. The very attractive and appealing specialty Classics collection provides a great complement to our core business, and we plan to continually update each year to drive excitement and incremental brand demand. Our slippers, which were very strong all year at retail, had another strong gift-giving season, while our cold weather collection was up meaningfully led by the Adirondack and the Butte collections. We're particularly pleased with how well our casual and fashion boots sold during the holidays, led by the Boulevard and Coastal collections. Again, we believe that the success of these collections highlights that consumers are choosing the UGG brand for our great styling at sharp points, and not just for our Classic and cold weather collections. I should note that we're also making good progress in introducing, expanding our loungewear line, which represents the natural extension of our slipper business. We had a very successful season with the loungewear at Nordstrom, at Neiman Marcus and Dillard's, as well as in our company-owned stores and online. We project that revenues for our 2014 loungewear collection will continue to increase, reaching approximately $15 million. And we remain excited about the growth opportunity this line represents for the UGG Lifestyle franchise. For the fourth quarter, total DTC comparable sales were up 19% with comparable store sales up 6%, including gains in each of our regions. Our U.S. Direct-to-Consumer division had a solid fourth quarter, outperforming the overall U.S. retail sector, delivering a DTC comp gain of 14%, including a 1% same-store sales increase. We did experience similar trends as others in the industry, with digital being stronger than brick-and-mortar. However, with the ongoing investments we've been making to develop our Omni-Channel strategy, the lines between store and site traffic and sales transactions have become increasingly blurred. We believe that total DTC comparable sales, including same-store sales and worldwide E-Commerce sales, has become a more accurate measure of our retail performance. Turning to Europe. UGG brand sales were up meaningfully in each of our 3 direct markets, the U.K., Benelux and France, and up across all channels. During the fourth quarter, total DTC comparable sales in Europe were up 21%, with comparable store sales up 2%. The selling environment in most of Europe for footwear and apparel was similar to the U.S., with many retailers citing weak traffic and a lack of newness during the holiday season. Despite this environment, we consistently heard from key accounts that the UGG brand was one of the standout exceptions, and that the uniqueness of our products in the market was a differentiating factor. We've made great strides changing consumers' perceptions through our refined distribution strategy, which has included the expansion of our company-owned stores and E-Commerce sites, improving our marketing efforts and enhancing merchandise offerings to be more tailor-fit to the region. Asia Pacific posted strong fourth quarter results fueled by our Direct-to-Consumer efforts in China and Japan. In China, our performance was highlighted by a 6% comparable store sales gain, a contribution from the 17 new stores that were opened during 2013 and better-than-expected sales in our UGG E-Commerce website that was only launched in Q2. Meanwhile, total DTC comparable sales in Japan rose 49%, including a gain of 27% in comp store sales. While not in the comp base, our Shibuya flagship store has performed in line with our expectations since opening last fall, which has us excited about the prospects of implementing the learnings from this game-changing store experience into future locations. We believe that we've established a great foundation for long-term growth, and we have a sound plan to build our -- on our business success. It starts with product and we're taking the comfort platform we've created with the UGG brand through our many years working with luxurious materials and successfully extending it into new footwear collections and adjacent categories that reinforce the UGG brand's powerful lifestyle position. For fall '14, we have an expanded selection of new specialty Classics and casual boots at sharper price points. Retailer response to fall '14 has been positive and the prebook process is going well, driven by the strength of the product line and the accelerated sell-through of our customers' experience this past season. This coming fall, we'll also be launching I Heart UGG by blending our youthful tween aesthetic with the iconic comfort of the UGG brand. We're creating a new premium sub-brand developed specifically for younger consumers. The product line includes footwear, loungewear and bags, and features colors, prints and patterns and construction elements that are appealing to the 9- to 12-year old tween customer. Initially distribution will be limited to our own retail stores through a dedicated website and some of our top wholesale accounts as well. The collection will also be available in some of our Japan and China stores. We're excited about the potential to expand the reach of the UGG brand among tween consumers through the successful and relevant sub-brand. Teva's 2014 product story can be summed up by one statement: focus on our core. Our renewed focus on Teva's heritage has led to an entirely new collection of original sandals for women and men that have significantly extended the brand's distribution footprint beyond outdoor to family footwear, specialty in department stores. Nordstrom and Dillard's both went all doors with Teva for the spring, and while we also had at DSW, famous footwear in Journeys, to name a few. In addition, core accounts headlined by REI have embraced the return to our roots and increased the brand's shelf space. Teva was featured in Vogue as one of the brands to watch in 2014, and we'll also collaborate with Glamour this summer on our exclusive original sandal product that will be carried in Nordstrom. Additionally, Teva was just named as the official sandal sponsor for the Bonnaroo Music and Arts Festival, which has over 80,000 attendees over 4 days, and that's in Tennessee. We're excited about this refocused effort and broader distribution strategy, as well as the renewed energy that's coming from the Teva team. And we're looking forward to capitalizing on the spring fever that's bound to come following this long and difficult winter. We had a great response from our retail partners on Sanuk's spring collection, which is has evolved to tell a phenomenal merchandising story that are on trend and on color across men's and women's, across sandals and casual canvas. Importantly, we think the spring line will resonate with more style-conscious consumers who are in the early stages of discovering the Sanuk brand. The response to our men's casual canvas has been very strong and has led to increased shelf space with existing accounts, as well as new distribution in the action sports lifestyle channel. In women's, our Yoga series continues to be the standout with the Yoga Joy and Yoga Sling booking exceptionally well. We've strengthened Sanuk's management team with the hire of Ethan Anderson, who joins us as Global Vice President of marketing. Ethan comes to us from Volcom, with 20 years -- over 20 years of expertise in active lifestyle brand management. Overall, we feel very good about the direction of Sanuk and the smart steps our design, marketing and merchandising teams are taking to carefully leverage the strength of the brand to expand distribution and build exposure to new consumer segments while continuing to appeal to its core audiences. I'm excited about what's going on at each of our brands, but as a former competitive runner, I'm particularly excited about the future of HOKA. With a unique midsole that features a higher volume, a softer ride and better rebounding foam compound than standard running shoes, we believe that HOKA ONE ONE is positioned to shake up the specialty running category. Leading this disruption is the brand's newest lightweight shoes, the Conquest, winner of the 2013 Outside Gear of the Show at Outdoor Retailer, Best New Gear from Gear Institute and Best Innovation from Competitor Magazine. The Conquest features a new proprietary midsole material, much improved styling, which is currently one of the hottest styling shoes in the specialty running category. Other key products stories for 2014 include 2 new super lightweight trainers, the Clifton and the Huaka, as well as the broad range of price points. These moves are allowing us to open up new distribution within running specialty and select outdoor specialty stores, as well as leading to excellent sell-through on HOKA's recently launched E-Commerce site. Our brands deserved marketing that is as strong as our product. We've sharpened our marketing tactics, particularly with the UGG brand, which is now aligned around a single brand message: Feels Like Nothing Else. We're launching in the spring with the Color of Expression campaign that showcases our brightest spring line to date with key styles being featured in InStyle, Glamour and Vogue Magazines. This follows our first shoe winter campaign titled Let It Snow that launched in January, I guess they heard that -- somebody got that message, as January is one of our best retail months, particularly for our cold weather products. The strong momentum coming out of the holidays, coupled with snowy conditions in most of the U.S., combined to help make this campaign a big success. However, for a brand with so much global opportunity, UGG is still under-invested when it comes to advertising, especially on the digital front. In addition to the great product design and quality, the growth of the brand's non-Classic business as a percent of the total sales is a direct result of our marketing efforts, which have supported our ability to extend our product lines into new categories. We're proud of these results and we need to continue to invest in our marketing resources. In 2014, we're increasing our total marketing -- total company marketing spend as a percent of sales to approximately 6% from a little over 5% this past year. A significant portion of the marketing increase will go towards the UGG brand with the incremental dollars going towards the combination of digital programs and tactics aimed at driving traffic to our Direct-to-Consumer channel. Our efforts will include launch of This is UGG, the global brand campaign for 2014, and that will be in the fall; launch of I Heart UGG; digital marketing to support monthly key categories in deliveries, including heritage, casual and fashion boots; loungewear, holiday and home; continued success of UGGs for men featuring star quarterback Tom Brady; more paid impressions on Google; we'll display retargeting ads with an emphasis on social media and mobile devices; and increased exposure on affiliate partner websites. One of the keys to Deckers' success during its 40-year history has been its people, that's why we're continually investing in the great talent within our organization as well as looking externally for additional expertise and leadership to help take Deckers to the next level. We announced an organizational restructuring in January, and are in the process of identifying the right person to fill the role of -- a newly created role of President of Brands. Once appointed, he or she will be in charge of driving best practices in merchandising design and development across our brand portfolio. Each of our brand teams possesses an incredible amount of knowledge and skill, and while we have established a very collaborative environment, we believe that collective the know-how of the entire organization can be even better harnessed for the benefit of the overall company. The President of Brands will spearhead this important endeavor, while also ensuring we continue to strengthen the great relationships that we have with our U.S. wholesale customers and directly with consumers. As part of the restructuring, we announced the promotion of Dave Powers to the newly created position of President of Omni-Channel. Since joining Deckers a little over 18 months ago as President, Global Direct-to-Consumer, Dave has done a terrific job improving the sophistication of our retail and our E-Commerce operations. In order to keep the consumer at the center of our decision-making process and ensure that we continue to advance our Omni-Channel capabilities across each of our regions as they have expanded, we decided to expand Dave's role to also include all wholesale, distributor, retail and E-Commerce channels in our international regions. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Dave who will discuss our global Direct-to-Consumer and international businesses. Dave?
David Powers: Thanks, Angel. Hello, everyone. As we continue to invest in building our brands, we're also hard at work at realigning our resources to optimize the advantages of an Omni-Channel approach to accelerate growth across our businesses globally. This requires us to better identify and understand our customers and their preferences, extend accessibility of our inventory across all channels and directly connect with them to cultivate loyalty and growth. Our approach to building these Omni-Channel capabilities is a program we call DTC 360. We've branded this in such a way because we need to lead our Omni-Channel strategies with Direct-to-Consumer as our best expression of our brand and most intimate opportunity to engage with our customers. This is a transformation that will require time and resources, but we believe is critical to driving the long-term growth of Deckers. To build on our progress and drive success, in 2014, we were focused on 4 primary initiatives for our Direct-to-Consumer channel: Expanding our global footprint in a strategic and measured manner; elevating the in-store and online experience to drive conversion; further evolving our Omni-Channel capabilities in order to better serve the customer; and continuing to accelerate growth in our E-Commerce channels globally. We currently have 117 company-owned retail stores, 113 of which carry the UGG banner with the remainder a mix of Sanuk and Teva. While not included in our Direct-to-Consumer results, there are also an additional 28 UGG brand stores and shop-and-shops operated by our partners worldwide. The plan is to open approximately 25 company-owned stores this year, a mix of both concept and stores -- concept stores and outlets, with concept stores weighted heavily towards China and outlet stores spread across each region including several in the U.S. We still feel confident on hitting the 200-store target that we've established previously. However, given the dynamics of the market and our financial targets, a portion of these new stores will now be opened under our new partner retail program, which we will be launching this year and will include approximately 10 new partner stores. Now to be clear, these are on top of the 25 company-owned stores that we will be opening globally in 2014. We collaborate closely with our partners to ensure their stores look like our company-owned stores and offer the same great experience consumers have come to expect from the UGG brand, and we will continue to elevate this collaboration under our new program. For modeling purposes, partner stores won't be included in our DTC results. They will fall under our international wholesale divisions and carry margins similar to additional wholesale accounts. While we continue to expand our store footprint, we are concurrently driving a number of efforts to optimize our store operating model. As we look to drive productivity from our doors, we are starting to open smaller stores, which have led to a reduction in the square footage of an average store by a range of approximately 200 square feet during the past year. This year, we are testing a smaller concept in Tysons Corner, located in Northern Virginia that will have a smaller footprint and evolved store design, lower operating cost and an enhanced Omni-Channel experience. Within the stores, our priority is to build upon the continued consumer experience through programs like Internet UGG, which generated great success after launching in the fourth quarter. From a product standpoint, stores will feature much more focused assortments, supplemented by category expansions with a focus on men's, accessories and loungewear. We'll be resetting the floor sets more frequently to keep the merchandise fresh and more seasonally relevant, and we will also be extending our home and loungewear categories into our stores through an in-store digital catalog and expedited free shipping. Looking at our E-Commerce channel, 2013 was a really strong year driven by a 30% worldwide E-Commerce sales gain and the launch of new country-specific sites, most notably in China. The emphasis on more effective marketing programs aimed at driving traffic has been very impactful, while the response to new products in our Omni-Channel initiatives have helped increase conversion rates. We see continued opportunities to expand our E-Commerce business by leveraging key technology partnerships, offering more E-Commerce-only styles, relaunching our UGG website and expanding UGG by You in the U.S. and Japan. In addition, we will launch new UGG websites in Italy and Germany, as well as drive growth in HOKA's first E-Commerce site, which went live earlier this year. We will continue to leverage technology to transform the shopping experience into one that is personalized and efficient for our customers driving conversion and long-term growth for Deckers. We need to continue to strengthen our understanding of who our customers are and use that information to develop deeper relationships with them. We are actively working on a unified system to connect and communicate to our customers as they move between our stores and E-Commerce sites. This is a critical function for running CRM and loyalty programs around the world, and we will continue to build upon and enhance these capabilities in 2014 and beyond. In an effort to refine our go-forward strategies, we recently opened our first ever multi-brand retail store, the Deckers brands showcase, at our headquarters here in Goleta. The store offers customers the best expression of all of our brands, featuring a robust assortment of current products across multiple genders and lifestyle categories. The store will serve as the showcase for our expression of Omni-Channel retail and a test lab for new concepts, utilizing the latest technology combined with compelling merchandising to elevate the customer experience. Our customers have the ability to shop in-store using digital touch screens, customize their products, order online, ship direct to their home free of charge or to pick up in stores. As I mentioned earlier, we are launching a partner retail program, which will be headed up by Lauren Hovland. Lauren, who recently joined us from Coach where she was most recently the Senior Account Manager for Coach's global travel retail program for the Americas region. Lauren will lead the program aimed at introducing our brand, primarily UGG, to new markets where we do not currently possess the infrastructure or local market knowledge to operate directly. We believe that partner retail is a significant growth opportunity for the company. It will help manage our capital investment and SG&A expenses while providing additional distribution opportunities into new markets. We are in the process of evaluating our current fleet and new distribution partners as we develop our launch plan for later this year. I'll now turn it over to Tom who will review the financials.
Thomas A. George: All right. Thanks, Dave. I'll get right into it. For the fourth quarter, net sales increased 19.2% to $736 million compared with $617.3 million a year ago. This year's results include domestic sales of $510.7 million, an increase of 14.3% compared with last year, and international sales of $225.3 million, an increase of 32.1% over last year. Looking at the full year on a constant currency basis, total net sales increased 11.1% versus 10.1%, as reported, and international sales increased 20% versus 16.5% as reported. Looking at sales by brand: UGG brand sales increased 18.1% to $690.9 million, Teva brand sales increased 13.6% to $15.5 million, and Sanuk brand sales for the quarter increased 45.2% to $22.2 million. Sales of our other brands increased $3.9 million to $7.4 million. By channel, total wholesale and distributor sales for the quarter increased 11.8% to $440.7 million. In terms of UGG wholesale: domestic UGG wholesale increased 8.5%, European UGG wholesale and distributor sales increased 5.5%, and Asia Pacific increased 52.2%. Turning to our Direct-to-Consumer business. Retail sales increased 31.4% to $178 million and E-Commerce sales increased 33.9% to $117.3 million. Global Direct-to-Consumer comparable sales rose 19% in Q4, with same-store sales increasing 6.1% for the 13 weeks ending December 29, 2013, compared to the same period a year ago. The increase in retail comparable sales was driven by a strong double-digit increase in Japan, a mid single-digit increase in China and low single-digit increases in the U.S. and Europe. For all stores opened at least 12 months, at the end of December 31, 2013, the average sales per square foot was approximately $1,300 versus $1,600 for the same period in 2012. In 2013, we expanded several of our most productive locations, which included Woodbury and Honolulu. Therefore these stores were excluded from the 2013 comp base. So same-store sales were flat at about $1,300 per square foot, if you exclude these locations from the calculation in both years. Our new stores are generating sales per square foot of about $1,000, with healthy returns, i.e., 1 year paybacks, as a result of lower rent and buildout economics. Total square footage at the end of 2013 was approximately 313,000 square feet compared to roughly 211,000 square feet at the end of 2012, representing an increase of about 48%. With regard to cost, we reduced our CapEx spend on a per-square-foot basis by approximately 20% in 2013. We also decreased operating expenses on a per-store basis in the mid single-digit range through tighter controls during the preopening period, as well as tighter expense management of controllable items in existing stores. Going forward, we are targeting slightly smaller, less capital-intensive locations, as well as partner stores as we continue to fine-tune our model to maximize performance. Gross margin for the fourth quarter was 51.1% compared to 46.3% in the fourth quarter last year. The 480-basis-point increase is primarily attributable to a decrease in product cost due to lower sheepskin prices and a greater contribution coming from our Direct-to-Consumer division this year compared with last year. Total SG&A expense for the quarter was $174.7 million, or 23.7% of net sales, compared to $141.9 million, or 23% of net sales, a year ago. The dollar increase versus a year ago was mainly due in the increase in retail and E-Commerce expenses. Operating income for the fourth quarter increased 39.8% to $201.5 million, or 27.4% of sales, compared to $144.1 million, or 23.3%, of sales last year. We recorded income tax expense of $59.5 million in the fourth quarter for an effective tax rate of 29.7% compared to a 30.6% tax rate in last year's fourth quarter. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share increased 45.8% to $4.04 compared to $2.77 a year ago. This was ahead of our guidance for earnings per share, which was approximately $3.66, with the upside driven primarily by stronger-than-expected sales. Turning to the balance sheet. At December 31, 2013, inventory decreased 13.1% to $260.8 million from $300.2 million at December 31, 2012. The decrease is mainly due to an 18% decrease in UGG brand inventory. And at December 31, 2013, our cash and cash equivalents increased $126.9 million, or 115%, to $237.1 million compared to $110.2 million at December 31, 2012. At December 31, 2013, we had $9.7 million in outstanding borrowings under our credit facility compared to $33 million at December 31, 2012. Now before moving to our 2014 outlook, I want to share that based on the seasonality of our business and timing of a fall pre-book process, the board has approved the change to the company's fiscal year end from December 31 to March 31. The change will also allow us to incorporate the learnings from holiday [ph] in terms of what did and didn't work from a product marketing and channel perspective, as well as incorporating more current fall pre-book information into the following year's plans. The following guidance is for calendar year 2014. We will provide fiscal 2015 guidance, which will be the 12 months ending March 31, 2015, when we report Q1 results in April. So based on current visibility, we expect revenue to increase approximately 10% over 2013 levels. And this guidance is based on the following assumptions: UGG brand sales growth of approximately 9%; Teva brand sales growth of approximately 5%; Sanuk brand sales growth of approximately 10%; and sales of our other brands, which include HOKA, Ahnu and Tsubo to be approximately $65 million. And our fiscal 2014 guidance also assumes that the company's effective tax rate will be approximately 29%. We expect that our DTC channel will grow at a faster pace than the overall company, driven by full year contributions from the 40 stores we opened in 2013, combined with approximately 25 planned store openings this year, a projected low single-digit comp increase and another year of projected double-digit gains from E-Commerce. Backlog at December 31, 2013, was approximately $401 million compared to $323 million at December 31, 2012. This represent a 24% increase. The year-over-year improvement in the backlog was driven by the increase of fall bookings, which were up against an easier comparison due to a more challenging fourth quarter a year ago. In addition, we estimate some followers came in earlier versus last year as a result of strong sell-through in the fourth quarter of 2013. While all orders backlogs are subject to cancellation by customers, we expect the majority of such orders will be filled in 2014. With respect to the bottom line, we are currently projecting diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 8% over 2013 levels. This guidance is based on gross margin expansion of approximately 200 basis points over 2013 levels, driven primarily by lower input cost, and an increased contribution from our DTC businesses. SG&A as a percent of sales is forecasted to be approximately 36% in 2014. We must make investments to continue to drive double-digit top-line growth for the company, and our continued efforts to improve gross margin afford us the opportunity to drive this growth. That said, while we raise out, and a lot will depend on how 2014 unfolds. At this point, we fully expect to leverage SG&A beginning in 2015. Now back to the 2014 increase. Let me outline the key drivers which are: first, we have a full year of operating expenses associated with the 40 stores that were opened in 2013, as well as addition of new stores opening in 2014. From a dollar standpoint, this is the largest bucket. As Angel mentioned earlier, stepping up our marketing investments to better support the long-term growth of our brand portfolio. Marketing is forecasted to be up approximately $17 million in 2014. Costs associated with the recently announced management reorganization, as well as investments for international expansion and supply chain are projected to run approximately $10 million. These investments include: compensation for new senior hires, such as the President of brands, higher salaries tied to recent promotions and IT system improvements. Of the $10 million, we estimate approximately 1/2 are one-time nonrecurring costs, while the rest will be part of our ongoing budget. And depreciation in 2014 is projected to increase approximately $6 million, driven primarily by new headquarters and the stores we added in 2013, and new stores in 2014. Our ability to generate strong cash flow enables us to finance our growth opportunities. To support our growth and expansion, we are in the process of implementing a full-scale business transformation initiative that includes the upgrading of our enterprise resource planning system across our operations. Our capital expenditures in 2014 are expected to total approximately $90 million, which includes: $31 million for the new distribution center we announced in December; $25 million in Direct-to-Consumer, which are mostly new store openings; and $37 million for IT and related infrastructure improvement to support our Omni-Channel transformation as well as international expansion. Totaling close to 800,000 square feet of space, our new distribution center in Moreno Valley will effectively service 6 of our brands, and will replace 2 of our existing distribution centers in Ventura and Irvine. These resources will strengthen both our DTC and Omni-Channel efforts by allowing us to better serve the consumer by giving them access to the product they want in the most convenient manner. Capital expenditures for 2014 ended up at $83.5 million, which included $35 million each for both the new headquarters and investment in our Direct-to-Consumer operations. We are planning to complete in the first quarter of 2014 the refinancing of our new corporate headquarters by securing long-term financing of approximately $38.5 million. Therefore, interest expense for 2014 is expected to increase approximately $1.5 million, so $1.5 million. For the first quarter of 2014, we currently expect revenues to increase 6% compared to the first quarter of 2013, and a diluted loss per share of approximately $0.16 per share. As a reminder, a significant amount of our operating expenses are fixed and spread evenly on an absolute dollar basis throughout each quarter. This includes the costs associated with the 28 new stores that were not open until the second half of 2013. Therefore, consistent with last year, we expect our earnings to decline in the first half of 2014 as compared to the first half of 2013, which are typically our lowest volume sales quarters. And we expect our earnings to increase over 2013 in the back half of the year. We are continuing to successfully make the transition from a domestic organization focused primarily in serving the wholesale market into a global consumer-centric organization, driven by an expanding Direct-to-Consumer network and a compelling Omni-Channel offering. So in summary, we delivered a great year. We are beginning to reap the benefits of our earlier decisions to pursue an international and Direct-to-Consumer strategy. For the year, almost 2/3 of our operating income was generated by our Direct-to-Consumer business, and an impressive operating margin of 27%. For the recently completed quarter, our Direct-to-Consumer operating margin was a strong 41%. To build on this success, we must continue to make investments in this strategy. Therefore, most of our 2014 SG&A increase and approximately half of our CapEx investments for 2014 are attributable to this strategy. I'll now turn it back to Angel for his closing comments.
Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Tom. Well, we're very pleased with the strategic progress that we're making and our 2013 performance is a testament to our brands, the testament to our people, and our strategy. Looking ahead, we believe there are meaningful opportunities for each of our brands, and we're committed to investing in growth and executing a concerted Omni-Channel strategy that puts the consumer at the center of everything we do. These investments are critical for us in order to solidify our competitive position and maximize the opportunities that are in front of us. We're in the process of completing our latest 5-year plan, and we look forward to share those details with you later this year. But I will say today, as I base it on our current position on the growth prospects we've identified, we see no reason we cannot expand our top line by at least low double-digits annually over the next several years. We have talked previously about a 15% operating margin goal. That continues to the target, and we anticipate achieving this primarily through gross margin expansion that will come from lower input costs and increased penetration of our Direct-to-Consumer channel. We're doing everything we can to operate smarter and better, and also to better target and measure our strategic and operational spending. Once we hit a 15% operating margin, we'll assess where the business is at that point and reset a longer term goal. I want to thank everyone that was involved in making 2013 a successful year for the company. Beginning with our great group of employees, your enthusiasm, culture of collaboration and commitment to execution is the backbone of this organization. Personally, I'm more energized and excited about the future of Deckers than ever before, and I know our team share in my optimism. We look forward to updating you on our progress as the year unfolds. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll take our first question from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. Number one, I hate to use the W word, but I thought it was interesting that, given how cold it was in North America this holiday in winter and -- but it was relatively seasonably warm in Europe. But you saw great trends in both. What are you learning about weather and how important it is to the business, or how it affects your business? And then I have one follow-up.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, weather -- the changeability of weather, it seems to now be a constant. So I think the important thing is the diversification of the product line, the innovation around all the assortments, and really important is the merchandising on a regional basis so that we can offer as much assortment as possible and be ready for weather in whatever direction it happens to go. For a long time, we've been talking, Omar, about the brand really being about luxury and comfort, and that's proving to be true. We've never been a cold-weather brand. But we don't need really cold weather, we need cool weather. And so it just seems that we've learned so much about how to build around that idea and offer up the products that balance out the vagaries of weather for us.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And then could -- you talked about -- obviously SG&A, at least according to your guidance, is going to be up a little bit this year. It's great to see investing in the brand. It sounds like '15 could be a year where you start to leverage SG&A. What are the key differences between what you're spending on this year, and then how that changes in 2015 and maybe going forward? Just your thoughts process around that in investing in the brand.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, what really drives the ability to generate leverage in 2015 is, you get to look at 2014 and we did outline some of these items related to investments we're making on, some of which were one-time. I think, if you were to adjust for the one-time costs, we highlighted about $5 million of the $10 million. And you get operating margin expansion, for sure, relative to the prior year, and you get closer to, even in 2014, getting leverage on the expenses. I think one more thing to add, of the $10 million, $5 million are one-time, but the other $5 million are really changes in investments being made in advance of the future profitability curve, so, i.e. investing and putting -- and making some changes in the organization to put a new President, Brands in place. That person really won't be able to influence 2014's revenues, but they'll certainly have a good impact on 2015 and beyond. So that helps us get confidence as well that we'll get leverage in 2015. And one more point is, we're getting -- we're -- the infrastructure to scale the much larger Direct-to-Consumer operation, we're seeing that we've got most of those investments in place now. And therefore, there is opportunity, big time in 2015, to be able to get some leverage on our Direct-to-Consumer business.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: So one more quick one. 19% top line in 4Q, and you're guiding to 6% in 1Q. What's the big change in trend there? Is there not enough inventory, or there is something you're seeing in the marketplace? And that's my last one, I promise.
Angel R. Martinez: A couple of things there. The first quarter is a slower quarter relative to the fourth. Another thing that last year's first quarter that people remember that there was some weather issues last year, but the winter did come, and did come late, and we did have a pretty robust January last year. So we think it's just appropriate to be a little bit more cautious on the first quarter. And back to the W word, with the longer winter, the visibility we have for reorders around our sandal business is we're a little bit more cautious around that as well.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I was hoping you could provide a little bit more color on the backlog for 2014 and just help us think about the composition of growth between some of the newer, refined fashion, weatherproof products versus your core pillars, like the Classics and slippers. How are retailers positioning that order book?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we've had great reception and the pre-book has been very solid for the specialty Classics, which are not part of core Classics, and the fashion product. As I mentioned on the call, it's about -- only now about 1/3, little less than 1/3 of our business is for Classic. So we continue to make significant progress on that front, and that's reflected in what you're seeing in the pre-book going forward.
Linda Pazin: Yes. And then, Erinn, I'll just comment in the casual boot category. Given the improved styling and sharper price points, we do have a significant portion of our fall pre-book completed, and we have seen an increase in that category this year, which really speaks to the improved price point, as well as the styling.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then on the international comments you made, it sounds like you have seen a nice turn in Europe and then clearly building some good momentum in Asia. Can you just help us think about how we should pencil out some of the regions this year in terms of incremental growth? It seems like there is still a tremendous amount of white spaces that you're kind of expanding in to. It'd be really helpful to hear a little bit more detail in particular in Asia at this point.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we remain very bullish on what's happening in Japan. We think that we're just really getting going there. The energy around the Shibuya store, the energy around the brand, the new products, all the categories that we've introduced recently getting great traction in Japan. In China, we continue to make significant progress. I think most of the heavy-lifting from an operations and an operating perspective seem to be behind us. We're now focused on brand-building, now focused on continuing to evolve our e-commerce businesses. You saw that we're getting good traction there. And we really just got started. I mean, that just started very recently that we started selling in our own E-Commerce platform there. So Dave, do you have anything else to add?
David Powers: Yes, I think, Erinn, it's a great example Japan is a great example of the power of the Direct-to-Consumer model leading market elevation in that country. The impact of the stores have had a marketing efforts and localized merchandising have had, not just on the retail business but the total market have been pretty significant. And we to the point now we have people coming to us looking for us to invest in different holes locations, in different retail locations and we're going to continue to invest in that market, as well as E-Commerce there for the long term. And we're taking a lot of those learnings actually from Japan and going forward we're going to apply those the other markets such as China. We're getting infrastructure and the team in place this year to really go after that business in a more aggressive way at the end of '14 and into '15. And then we have a little bit of work to do to catch up in Europe to be honest. The E-Com retail business there has some things you still need to work up but we're going to a apply the same methodology of using our stores in our sites to elevate the brand extend categories and then lead wholesale in that manner.
Operator: Our next question is from Taposh Bari with Goldman Sachs.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: The first question I have was, just on the wholesale -- UGG wholesale business in the fourth quarter. I think it looks like according my math, that's 10% is that number right, Tom? And how are you thinking about that business -- how are you planning that business for 2014?
Thomas A. George: Yes, it was up about 10% in the fourth quarter, so we're really pleased with how that finished. For 2014, this really stays where we're at the pre-book process and coming on the heels of a really strong year. We're planning more of a mid single-digit kind of growth number for the year.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, my second question was just related to the recent spike in cattle prices. Just curious if you had any kind of effect from where you're sitting on sheepskin prices?
Angel R. Martinez: Well the cattle prices, they'll move in the same direction as the sheepskin prices. I know we have said that prices go up too. But as you know our '14 prices are all locked in. Dollar cost is up[ph]for the remainder of the year and we haven't had a significant impact we've managed through efficient purchasing and consolidating resources to meet in our prices of the same level as last year in cattle.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Tracy with Janney Capital Markets.
Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I guess if I could first on your just as we think about the DTC strategy. A little bit surprised on sort of the comp within the U.S. retail stores, given the strong sort of weather backdrop. Clearly an indication of where the customers migrating and you are on top of that. But as we think about the evolution of DTC, and in particular, the stores, is there any change to the ultimate saturation point of that store base? I know you guys are doing some things to help productivity and less capital-intensive moves. But as we think about the ultimate sort of store base relative to just building online or digital, how we should be thinking about that?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, let me just say a general comment and then I'm going to hand over to Dave. The goal really now is to understand what's the optimal mix between the -- in the Omni-Channel strategy between your brick-and-mortar stores and you're E-Commerce platform, as well as that interacts with your wholesale comp base. And we feel very good that -- we've always taken a bit of a cautious approach and not overly aggressively open brick-and-mortar stores, sensing that this whole Omni-Channel environment was emerging and emerging rather quickly. So that impact store size because it could be the not-too-distant future that the footprint of the store doesn't need to be as big as it needs to be. The store we're doing here at the corporate headquarters actually has a small warehouse sort of back room. In other words of that and the test we're doing here is to see if the customer is really not just our entire catalog through on iPad then are they willing to then just receive product in 24 hours or even sooner than that if they can be -- if Amazon sort of has their way. That has an impact on how much real estate you need. It doesn't has an impact on the square footage requirement, the staffing requirement et cetera, et cetera. So we see that as emerging, it's still in the early phases, but we're taking a very aggressive approach to steadying the situation. Because it could mean that we need fewer stores than we thought we'd before. It could mean that it could mean that we need we can have more stores that are more Omni-Channel focused that are on a smaller footprint. I'm pretty comfortable with saying that the idea of the large format store with 1/3 of the footprint to being back room stays for inventories is pretty much over. So, Dave, do you have anything you want to add?
David Powers: Yes, I think it's a great question. It's one that I think every retailer right now is grappling with, Eric. And I think that I feel like we've been physically responsible and somewhat cautious and we have a really solid pipeline and where we wanted to put the stores over the next couple of years. And we've had that through a pretty serious process here. As we're continuing to learn about the migration of the consumer from stores to online, we're taking that into consideration. We're being very strategic on a few things. One is where we put stores based off the demographics. The opportunity in the market in our wholesale partners. We’re looking at the size of the store, as Angel said, to see if can maximize productivity in the small footprint. We actually learned a lot from the launch of our infinite UGG program in Q4, where we serviced quite a few consumers in-store where we shipped it out of our E-Commerce site with great returns on that. And so I think we're looking at holistically -- I think we're a little bit different than some of the other retailers such as in electronics stores, where you have to come in and touch and feel and try on the products. So there's going to be a role for our stores in the marketplace. But what we're going to do is figure out what the right model is, what the right experience is, how we leveraged technology and how do we can service the consumer across stores and online. The other point I would make is that we are going to launch that partner retail program this year. That will help us test new waters in new markets. And the other thing is that the migration from the consumer to the stores to online is being led by North America and it's happening a little bit more in Europe, but in places like China, that hasn't really happened yet. So there's still opportunity for store growth in some of these emerging markets.
Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, really appreciate that color. And then when you're switching gears, as we think about coming out of some of the selling season, the I Heart UGG line. I know it's going to be sort of a test year domestically, maybe a little bit broader within Asia. Maybe just talk to us again about the rollout, the plans, that the early learnings that you're -- and the feedback you're getting from accounts?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we're getting a great feedback from all the accounts that we felt it was appropriate for. As I mentioned it's a tween line. So the idea of the I Heart UGG, A is to give us a little more -- a little faster fashion, different profiles, using different midsoles, different colors, different materials. It's much younger, it looks very different than anything UGG has done in the past. And it's for those customers who have a tween consumer. What we found -- and by the way it is premium priced product, so it really goes up against competition that was either doing knockoff product or of our UGG brand, or coming at us with color ways and various treatments that we didn't feel were appropriate to UGG, they were maybe a little too young. We now have a competitive -- a very strong competitive weapon in that regard. We're happy with the tests so far in terms of the prebook. It's early August it's a fall '14 product line. We don't know what the pull through is going to be. But we're quite optimistic about it. We're feeling pretty good about the results so far.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: I was hoping to just focus on the backlog comment. If you could help me connect the dots, you talked about the backlog being up 24%, yet your overall revenue growth per year is looking to be 10%. I mean, can you just help me bridge that?
Thomas A. George: Yes, one of the things we talked about, Camilo, was the fact that again, the year is not only a couple, when we step back a little bit. So the total year of 10%, includes not only our wholesale business, which is reflected in backlog at various times over the course of the year, but also includes the Direct-to-Consumer business, which is not reflected in backlog. So there is one thing there. And another thing is the backlog increase year-over-year is primarily the fall business. And what we've got there is an easier comparison, and that a year ago by the end of the year, some of the retailers have been a little bit more cautious in terms of what they are going to book for the following year. Whereas this year, such a strong sell -- they had such a strong sell-through in the fourth quarter. And in some cases they ran out of some product, they hustle to get some of those fall '14 orders in before the end of the year. So i.e., that's some timing involved in the backlog growth year-over-year. So does that help?
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: A little bit, but it still seems there's a pretty wide gap between that number and the revenue number. And I understand, I get the fact that DTC is also going to grow, but you said that was going to grow at a rate faster than overall, company growth rates. So it just seems there's an incremental amount of conservatism baked into that number relative to the backlog number that you've discussed?
Thomas A. George: Well, to your point on the DTC, it is growing at a faster rate and therefore it's become a bigger percentage of our overall business. And I think another thing to point out is that backlog includes spring orders as well. There is some increase in spring orders as well, and there's also some increase in the other brands for spring as well. So -- again, I think another thing to keep in mind is that backlog is still early in the scheme of things. The fall pre-booking process really doesn't include -- conclude in mid-April. So a lot more business to come in from a pre-booking point of view.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: So how would you -- what would you say the pre-booking -- what would you say that represents the total book that you expect to have? That 24%, is that 75% of the pre-book? Is it 80%? Is it 50%? How do we think about how far along the booking process has gone so far?
Thomas A. George: Maybe just -- before I answer that, just to help put that year-end backlog of $400 million in perspective. That $400 million is relative to the total year guidance of $1.7 billion, I think let's get understand that. So percentage changes in the year-end backlog although somewhat indicative and directional aren't necessarily reflective of what your final pre-book will be for your fall wholesale business. And then come back to the question, I think we've commented on earlier we've been pretty, pretty pleased with how the fall 2014 business is booked today, but more to go.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Is it substantially more? I mean, if you could just help us narrow that, what more to go means? I think it will be helpful. I think everyone is really getting a lot of questions over the last couple half hour or so hour. About the differences between those 2 numbers the backlog in the growth, just trying to reconcile the gap.
Angel R. Martinez: We got almost 2 months.
Thomas A. George: Yes, we still have about 2 months more to go.
Angel R. Martinez: Two months more to go. I mean, there is still -- our sales organization globally is out there selling. And as I've mentioned this is a wholesale environment, that's where pre-book happens. So and I'll put it this way, we're significantly ahead of the pace we're on last year in terms of prebook at the shows and I think many of you have been to our shows. The UGG booths have been busy and every appointment was booked all day at the show. So we've been quite busy rolling it all in and we're very happy with the outcome so far.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Great. And just one final question, different topic. With regards to inventory, you had great inventory control. Obviously, sell-through a lot of the product. Do you feel that you've left some sales on the table by being under inventoried in the fourth quarter? And if so, any way to quantify that?
Thomas A. George: No, not really. There were a few small pockets of certain product, certain slippers, and maybe a couple of other items. But not that much.
Angel R. Martinez: I think it's important that while they're comfortable rolling over into another year is core classic and some classic derivative product. What we're not comfortable rolling over another year is very specialized, very cold weather product, for example. So we were able to liquidate a lot of that product with the snowy conditions that we had carried over from 2012. All our products are gone. So I think we actually ended up just about the right place. And we were able to fill -- to do some filling business in the first part of the year, obviously, as the weather has continued to be very cold. So that's been helpful. But the mix is -- we're very happy with the mix we ended up with.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Scott Krasik of BB&T Capital Markets.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Just another angle on the backlog from Q3 last year. Obviously, retailers pushed things out to Q4 given the warm winter they had prior. Are you seeing an acceleration in Q3 deliveries? And if so, I think Q3 this year in 2013 was like 20%, low 20% of EPS. If you are seeing that shift, could Q3 this year represent a bigger percentage of your yearly earnings?
Thomas A. George: We're not really seeing that shift, Scott. We're not really seeing that.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. So assume that Q3 is a similar percentage of your annual earnings as 2013..
Thomas A. George: Similar, I think. Just keep in mind that as we continue to evolve a more Direct-to-Consumer business, there will be more and more emphasis on fourth quarter versus third quarter, so...
David Powers: Black Friday is in Q4, so...
Thomas A. George: And yes, Black Friday is still in Q4 as well, so...
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. I just wanted the numbers to sort of be accurate. So maybe Q3 earnings could actually be a smaller percentage of the annual earnings than last year?
Thomas A. George: That's -- yes, small, quite a bit.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. No. That's helpful. And then you just alluded to the fact that you were still selling some 2012 carryover product this year. So you had some huge improvements in gross margin in Q4, but since you'll be selling all of the inventory that was made with Pure with the lower sheepskin costs, could the improvement in gross margin in Q4 '14 be even greater than it was in Q4 '13?
Angel R. Martinez: The product I was referring to is specifically cold weather product that when we don't have all of the cold snowy weather, you don't have the need for waterproof boots and traction and all that stuff, so we did have -- and by the way, that product did not change from year-to-year. So that product's all gone now. And we expect to continue to see gross margin improvement as we implement more out-gear in this product line. So that's just an ongoing initiative that we've got over the next few years.
Thomas A. George: Keep in mind, in this year's fourth quarter, we've got a lot of benefit from the reduction in sheepskin costs. We're getting some more reduction next year, but not to the same order of magnitude as we did the fourth quarter this year. But we clearly do with the expansion of DTC and some reduction in sheepskin cost, expect the fourth quarter -- expect some expansion in the fourth quarter gross margin, as well as the third quarter.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And then in terms of replacing the table-grade sheepskin, is your expectation the UGG Pure will replace 100% in 2014?
Thomas A. George: No. We won't get that with 2014. As you know, this year, we are going to use about 25% of our total sheepskin as UGG Pure. The maximum we can do is 40%. We're ahead of our plan, as we said before, but I don't think we're going to use UGG Pure full 100% instead of table-grade next year.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. So it just means additional savings beyond next year?
Thomas A. George: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Robert Drbul with Nomura Securities.
Robert Scott Drbul - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: I just have 2 questions. The first one is, Angel, where do you think we are in Europe with the UGG brand right now in terms of the growth trajectory and distribution and the logistics pieces of it there?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, if you think back to where we were 2 years ago, we were primarily distributor-driven. We were -- our E-Commerce platform had not really launched, and we were, from a product mix point of view, very heavily dependent on core Classic. We were very -- selling very few slippers. Our men's business had not evolved or developed, and we had a long way to go there. Plus, we had distribution issues that we felt we had to manage through. We were in places that we didn't feel were appropriate for the UGG brand. So the last 2 years have been about consolidating the E-Commerce business, component business, expanding the retail footprint, closing some distribution that we felt was inappropriate for the brand, developing the product line with the assortments necessary to appeal to European consumer. So I'd say that we're in the second inning, if you will, of what this game in Europe looks like. We have large countries that are only now becoming a more significant part of the mix. France, we're just scratching the surface in France. We're primarily in Paris, still have opportunity for our own stores, as well as E-Commerce. Germany is a distributor business that, as all distributor businesses go, there is -- we don't have stores in Germany, for example, there's opportunity for us to have our own stores in Germany. There are wholesale parts of Europe where we have no presentation at all, Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Turkey. I was in Turkey not long ago. There's such amazing amount of UGG on the street, but we don't have any distribution in Turkey. So people are buying it in other parts of -- primarily the U.K. So I think we've got quite a long way to go in Europe.
Robert Scott Drbul - Nomura Securities Co. Ltd., Research Division: Okay. And then can you talk a little bit about the men's business like the men's store and what the product is? And any current thinking of a new men's spokesperson given the performance of the Patriots this year and last year?
Angel R. Martinez: You like to rub it in. Actually, Tom Brady is Tom Brady. I mean, he's independent of other Patriots do. He's an aspirational character. He's a wonderful spokesperson for the brand, does represent what the brand stands for. So we'll stick with Tom Brady independent of what the Patriots do. I'll just say that. The men's business has been very successful for us. We really like the direction it's going. Every year, we get more real estate. Every year, we're getting a more refined product assortment. We know where we see up, where we have opportunity in men's. Our men's slipper business has really come alive and now evolved past its original core, which is, let's say, the ascot type of product to slippers that are now more like mocs. They're worn outside. There worn year round. They're a little thinner. And that business is really very exciting. Our men's boots business, meaning casual boots, for fall '14 is, I think, one of the highlights of our product line. So we're very happy with the men's business and the direction it's been going. Performance of the men's business in E-Com and in our own stores is quite good.
David Powers: Yes. I was going to say I think one of the really encouraging signs at the men's business is in our Asia Pacific market in Japan and China. It's one of our highest penetrations to the total business coming from men's. And so that's -- and again, once we get more locally relevant in merchandising and styling, that's going to increase -- so we're spending a lot of energy on men's right now. We do think, within our stores that we have today, the significant opportunity to continue to drive top line in specific men's category growth.
Angel R. Martinez: And one thing I'll add to it. You have to understand, something important to understand about men's. Men's is a slower build, but it's a longer run, meaning that, I've said this for many years, all guys seem to have the 5 same footwear patterns in their closet. Guys buy -- all guys buy the same 5 shoes over and over again. Not true of the women's business, thankfully. Women buy fashion. They buy color. They buy merchandise that matches the trends in fashion. Men, on the other hand, don't. And so men, once they find product they like, they tend to stay with it, and they stay with it for a long time. So it's a slower build. But once you get there with men, you have customers for a very long term.
Operator: Our next question is from Randy Konik with Jefferies.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: I guess for Tom. Look, the stock is getting hurt in after-hours. I think it's -- I would think it's mostly related to the SG&A guidance. When you think about -- so we haven't yet -- this is yet another year of SG&A guided as a percent of sales pretty up substantially. What -- if you break out just -- what is the contribution of SG&A deleverage in 2014 from just opening new stores? And how many new stores you're opening again? I guess that's my first part of my question.
Thomas A. George: Opening 20, 25...
Angel R. Martinez: 25.
Thomas A. George: New stores this year.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So you're opening up 25 stores versus 40 new stores in 2013, but how much deleverage are you getting from opening up more stores is what I'm trying to get at? What's the -- I just wondered based on what you said about SG&A rate going up, what is the percent coming -- what are the basis points coming from the store openings?
Thomas A. George: I think if you look at it from the store openings, it's probably close to 40% of the total absolute dollars the SG&A is increasing. And that's a function of the SG&A -- a full year's SG&A related to stores we opened in 2013, plus SG&A for the new stores. And I think another thing this year with terms of additional SG&A expense is the $17 million of additional marketing that we've talked about. So -- and in some of that, the one-offs we talked about, so that...
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Well, I get that. I guess, with -- No. I understand that. I guess what I'm trying to get at is the market's trying to figure out when does the company get to that real inflection point where opening up stores -- this retail business doesn't cause further deleverage on the SG&A line in the company. You know what I mean? Where you reach a point where you're inflecting, you get scale, and you're getting the SG&A as a percent of sales to move back down because I guess that's the concern here, is that each year, the stores, you keep opening stores, and the SG&A rate keeps going up. When is that going to stop?
Thomas A. George: Yes. So as we discussed earlier, Randy, we feel really good and strong it's going to be 2015, and we talked about all the drivers that -- yes, that's comfortable, the 2015 SG&A, not only operating margin expansion, but SG&A as a percentage of sales goes down in 2015. Dave, maybe I can[indiscernible].
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: But as it relates to the stores opening, is that -- you're convicted that there's not going to be a deleveraging impact from opening stores yet again in 2015?
Angel R. Martinez: For stores, yes. For stores, in fact, [indiscernible].
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And why is that? Why is that? So why is that? Is that critical mass? Like, what? I mean, I guess that's what we're trying to figure out. Is that -- why is, all of a sudden, next year, the year that you start to get leverage on the base after years of not getting leverage on the base? You know what I mean? Why is next year the magic year?
Thomas A. George: I think, as we've talked about earlier, Randy, is that we've been in a step -- in addition to store profitability, we've been establishing the infrastructure to be able to scale a much larger base. And consistent with earlier discussions on the call, we believe strongly, 2015 is the year that those additional infrastructure, the scale kind of investments start tailing off, and we can start getting leverage on that as well.
David Powers: Yes. We've had to invest in infrastructure, Randy, and talent globally. You think about getting up -- a business up and running in a place like China, building expertise from a global perspective. That takes time. We -- I think we've turned the corner in '14 around getting the talent and people in place. The other piece of this is we grew our store count by almost 50% this year. So as we get into a larger store base, the new openings aren't going to have such a dramatic impact in the overall SG&A growth and fewer stores going forward as we [indiscernible].
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: No. I understand that. I just think, again, it's just hard to digest when we -- it just keeps -- you keep opening, and the numbers keep -- the SG&A as a percent of sales keeps going up. And I'm just trying to get as much data as possible to get the true conviction that, that SG&A number is going down in 2015, and these operating margins move back up. And if they really do, is there some sort of guidepost that you can give us today on how much you can see leveraging the model in the 2015 environment when you're in fact guiding the market -- guiding the street to getting the leverage in 2015, like how much?
Angel R. Martinez: We've got that capability. I think, as you will see, it's going to be significant. I think it's probably best to wait until 2014 unfolds before we really give that level of detail. I think you and the market should feel comfortable with the level of learnings that we've generated over 2013 and 2014 and our anticipation of getting more and more leverage on these people investments we've made to be able to drive the business.
David Powers: And at the same time, we're continuing to lower CapEx investments. We're lowering SG&A investments per store. We've done that significantly this year. We're going to continue to do that throughout '14 and beyond.
Thomas A. George: Another key point is more -- although we see how important it is and we're going public, we're getting leverage on SG&A expenses in 2015. But we also continue to be sensitive to returns on capital, and the stores have and the stores going forward will pay back in 1 year, and those are great returns on capital relative to our cost of capital.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Sam Poser with Sterne Agee.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I've got just few more, I'm sorry to say. When you said in the prepared remarks, I think, Tom, that the leverage that you would leverage in fiscal '15, fiscal '15 starts in 3 -- less than 3 months right now, are you talking about calendar '15, or are you talking about the fiscal '15 that's going to change in less than 3 months?
Thomas A. George: Calendar '15.
Angel R. Martinez: That was a calendar '15 comment.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Just want to make sure because things could change very...
Angel R. Martinez: No, no. Good question. Yes. I think that one -- go ahead.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: The backlog, the backlog that's running ahead of last year with the $400 million as of December 31, if we look at the backlog activity without giving us numbers, so you give us whatever you want, but the backlog activity, let's say, through last week in the shoe shows, where are you currently compared to last year? And how much more sense of urgency do the retailers have right now?
Thomas A. George: We did comment -- we historically just report backlog every year, number one. But number two, we -- I think you can sense from the comments on the call, and you've seen the activity at the shows, that we feel -- in some of the new initiatives we have with some of the newer products, we feel good how we're progressing with the fall prebook.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I understand that. But let's just say this, that if you -- if somebody -- if you bought 100 pairs-- if you sold 100 pairs last year at the end of the day or took backlog of 100 pairs last year by April 15, then let's say, you're going to do the same this year, it will be higher because you're ahead. But I mean, how many more pairs do you have in now? Let's say you had 20 in by this time last year, do you have 40 in this -- at this point? Are you ahead -- are you significantly ahead of sort of last year as we've moved through the first quarter so far?
Angel R. Martinez: Sam, we've never broken down in that kind of detail our backlog or rather our prebook process. I will say this, we are ahead, and we're comfortable with where we are. We're very comfortable with where we are. So -- and that's as much detail as I'm prepared to give right now.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I have 2 more questions. Number one, the inventory at the end of year, how much was the -- was there inventory impacted by the Chinese New Year and goods that probably had to roll a little earlier than you might would have liked to otherwise? Because we heard that from some other people where there was a lot of in-transit product left early because of the Chinese New Year.
Zohar Ziv: We really don't believe it will have an impact on us, Sam.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then the market, the increase of $17 million in the marketing spend for year is, is any of that onetime in nature, or is that something that will just get thrown to the base?
Angel R. Martinez: I think that's for the most part going to get thrown in the base.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then lastly, at ICR and at Outdoor Retailer, we asked point blank about levering SG&A and spending it to get a delivery of -- getting a delivery of sales, and you weren't going to spend the money without getting the payoff. You said at ICR that the gross margin would be -- you implied it would be up more than 100 basis points, and you've guided that way. But now you're talking about delevering gross margin by virtually 200 basis -- SG&A by 200 basis points. Can -- did anything change there, or do you feel like there may be more meat on the bone as far as revenue goes for the year? I mean, because it was really surprising that -- I mean, because we asked the question twice, once on how [ph] with you and then once, it was asked at the ICR conference as well. And definitely, with the implication that you didn't spend money without expecting the return, and I -- and it certainly implied that, that was 2014 comment, not a we're investing this year to lever SG&A a year later.
Thomas A. George: When we were at ICR, we were clear that we talked about SG&A leverage in terms of more of a longer-term goal, and we were clear. We weren't giving 2014 guidance, and we also spoke about additional marketing and additional infrastructure expenses. And so I don't know how you had --
Angel R. Martinez: And my comments were not 2014 specifically. My comments were directionally where we're going with our strategic plan. We're going to be giving a lot more color on this as the year progress, as we learn more about what's happening in '14. We certainly have an Investor Day later in the year. But our goal is to continue to invest in those areas where we're getting a great return. And as you can see from our results, that's exactly what we've been doing. So at what point would you say that we stopped investing and forgetting tremendous returns on our -- on that investment, we need to complete where we've started so that we can actually fully leverage and actually grow -- continue to grow the top line, which we think these things -- these investments do. But we'll reap the rewards in later years. There's no question in my mind about that.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: All right. And then lastly, can you give us the date or the month when this Analyst Day is going to -- the Investor Day is going to happen?
Linda Pazin: Right now, we're -- we haven't finalized the exact date, but we're looking towards the end of September, and we'll be sending out like a save-the-date to all the analysts and investors probably within the next short period of time once it gets finalized with our management team and travel schedules and so forth. But we're targeting for late for September at this moment.
Operator: Our next question is from Corinna Freedman with Wedbush Securities.
Corinna L. Freedman - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I'm going to get pretty quick. Just wondering if you could quantify the productivity gains that you're seeing from opening smaller stores, and if you can give us an idea of your long-term goals there? And that's it.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. We don't have enough of those new stores in the pipeline yet or in our portfolio to really speak to the improvements. What I will say is we're looking at the total picture, what the top line, sales per square foot are, aligned with the financial models, the lease deal, and measuring that against the SG&A expense. So it's too early to tell exactly, but I think we're more focused, to be honest with you, on the operating margin of those stores' return on sales than sales per square foot as a better measure of how those stores perform.
Operator: Our next question is from Mitch Kummetz with Robert W. Baird.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I'll just ask one question since we're running long. Just want to drill down a little bit on kind of reorders/cancellations. I know that you're -- Tom, your assumption going in this past fourth quarter was that cancellations would be sort of in line with a year ago and then reorders would be few. I assume that on both those items you guys did better than that assumption.
Thomas A. George: That's right. We ended up having virtually no cancellations, and we had a fair amount of reorders in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And our next question is from Jim Duffy with Stifel.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated, Research Division: One area, however, where I am sordid for clarifications. The number you implied that the sell-through in your North American wholesale channel was seemly stronger than that implied by the comps from your own North America stores. Is that accurate? And if so, is there some operational explanation for why performance in the North American stores lagged?
Thomas A. George: Because of the fourth quarter, domestic wholesale business was at a higher growth rate than the comp. I think that gets back to inventory levels that may have been in the wholesale channel, and there's a lot of other factors that go into that versus our own domestic business.
David Powers: Yes. And we haven't spoken to sell-through in the stores, and we've spoken to total top line and comp over the prior previous years, so I think it's tough to lay apples-to-apples comparison on those 2 things.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Howard Tubin with RBC.
Courtney Willson - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: It's Courtney in for Howard. We're just wondering if you can give any details on the UGG outerwear and home fashion line coming for I believe this fall?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, I think you're referring to the loungewear because that's really the focus area in terms of apparel that we have. The loungewear will continue to evolve. We have -- as you know, we began with the Nordstrom test. It's now rolling out to multiple retailers, as well as our own stores, a variety of color and pattern now, different weights in the fabrications. Men's, women's, there's loungewear in the form of separates and tops and bottoms. They have merchandises along with the slippers, which is very exciting to see. The home products, that's something that we began to test of this just recently, actually, this past quarter, performed very well in our -- in the limited environment in which it was in. Part of what we're figuring out with home is the merchandise, how to display it. We think there's a great opportunity as we evolve the Omni-Channel strategy with home products being available for touching and feeling at the retail brick-and-mortar location and then ordered to be delivered in 24 hours. These pillows we may take up a lot of room. Many retailers don't have that kind of space in the back room, but they still want to carry the product. So we're in the process of sorting all of that out, and that's just a big part of the opportunity that we see with our home products.
David Powers: Great. I would add to that. This is David. I think the real win here is the combination of loungewear and slippers and home together as a full lifestyle expression, and I think we're learning what the best way to showcase that in our stores is. And this fall, we're going to have a digital catalog that we can use in store along with samples for people to see the product in its best expression, but then fulfill it online as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeff Van Sinderen with B. Riley.
Jeffrey Wallin Van Sinderen - B. Riley Caris, Research Division: Okay. I guess this is really related to product innovation. I know orders are usually driven by sell-throughs. But to what degree do you think your backlog is driven by weather and what degree do you think it's just plain driven by great product as you continue to innovate product? In other words, do you think that there's a product innovation element, a content element that is maybe driving your bookings more so than just sell-throughs were good in Q4. Just wondering how you think about that. And also, if you feel like perhaps the newness of product, product innovation maybe mitigates the risk of weather-related cancellations to some degree for the second half of this year?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, as I said earlier, I think it's really very much about product innovation. I think our better merchandising, the better assortments that we've managed to create for consumers in every region of the world has significantly helped our presentation at retail. Giving the consumers that many more options obviously improved sell-through. And the sell-through improvement is what's helped to drive backlog. So it really all starts with innovative new fresh products. I don't think there's many retailers out there who are betting on weather as a determinant as to whether or not they buy x or x plus -- x plus 10. But when they have exciting product that they feel they merchandise and get customers excited about, independent of weather, that's the optimum situation. That's why it always does have to start with great product, and everything else just flow from the great product. In the end, the best merchants are the ones who have the best businesses, and they're proactive in putting environment -- a retail environment out to their customers that their customers get excited about, and that's what we've been focusing on. That's really the nature of the business that we're in. Plus, I think it speaks to the power of the UGG brand. I think these retailers are realizing they can count on the UGG in Q4 to be one of their top brands going forward, and they're continuing to invest in that.
Thomas A. George: One other thing that will probably be good for me to point out relatively to even an earlier question, I think when you look at sell-through in the fourth quarter of our wholesale channel versus our own Direct-to-Consumer channel, our Direct-to-Consumer channel on a combined basis in the U.S. was up 14%. Our UGG wholesale business in the fourth quarter was up 9%. That not only -- that is a wholesale number, but it's also whatever those wholesale customers did on their own websites as well. So we actually outperformed our wholesale business on a total DTC basis.
Operator: Due to time constraints, our last question will come from Christian Buss with Crédit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Wondering if you could talk a little bit about the performance of your retail stores by region, where you saw the most strength, where you're most encouraged by the momentum there?
David Powers: Sure. I think we've talked about that a little bit already, Christian, but I think the real strength that we saw this year was coming out of our Japan market. And as I've said, we'd really be invested -- been investing in a holistic strategy to elevate that business. So that, as well as China, were the real leaders from a comp store perspective, followed by, like we said, in U.S. and EMEA in single-digit growth from a comp store perspective. But we're really encouraged by the evolution of the brand in that market, particularly Japan, and see great upside continuing for the Asia Pacific market where the brand is less mature, and there's a lot more whitespace for opportunity.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about the store model that you're developing with lower capital expenditures? Could you walk us through sort of what targets you're hitting there in terms of build-out costs and returns?
David Powers: Yes. I don't have specific numbers. I can tell you we're looking for a meaningful reduction in the average cost per square foot. However, the driving factor there is we see an opportunity for secondary city and secondary B locations in the real estate now that we have a flagship that's to open around the world. And in order to do that, you need new economics for the store. You can't spend the main same amount per square foot as in a B location in the malls you would on a street location. And we've got to figure that out. So we're in the process of developing new fixture package and a build-out cost that is lower. We're looking at store staffing models. We're looking at inventory management with back-of-house and also leveraging online and using more of a digital showcase in the store, so we can potentially showcase less SKUs on the floor, but still service the full breadth of the opportunity for the customer.
Operator: That concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the conference back over to Angel Martinez for closing remarks.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you, all for joining us on this call. And again, I'd just like to reiterate my congratulations to our employees and to our team globally. I think we stepped up to the challenge and certainly delivered excellent results in 2013. Our strategy remains to build powerful brands for the long term, to invest in those brands as the market conditions require us to do and to not think that any of these solutions are simple and near term in nature. These things require patience. They require aggressive commitment. And as I said earlier, we're doing everything we can to operate smarter and better and, certainly, to improve our results across-the-board, including reducing SG&A expense, improving operating margins. That's all top of mind for this entire management team, and we'll continue to work very aggressively to deliver those results. Thank you, all, very much. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today's call.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Linda Pazin - Vice President of Investor Relations & Communications Angel R. Martinez - Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and President Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Zohar Ziv - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Corinna L. Freedman - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. And I will now turn the call over to Linda Pazin, Vice President of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications.
Linda Pazin: Welcome, everyone, joining us today. Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call regarding the company's expectations, beliefs and views about its future financial performance, brand strategies and cost structure are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Federal security laws. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to the company's anticipated revenues, expenses, earnings, gross margin, capital expenditures, brand strategies and cost structure, as well as the outlook for the company's markets and the demands for its products. The forward-looking statements made on this call are based on currently available information, and because its business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond its control. Actual operating results in the future may differ materially from the future financial performance expected at the current time. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K, and its other documents filed with the SEC. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly release or update the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements. With that, I'll now turn it over to President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors, Angel Martinez.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thanks, Linda. And thank you to all joining us today. With me on the call are Zohar Ziv, Chief Operating Officer; and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Well, we feel very good about the third quarter as there were many aspects of our performance which demonstrate that we are successfully executing our strategic plan. The initiatives we've implemented over the past several years continue to gain traction. These include our recent efforts to directly address the external challenges we faced in 2011 and 2012 as we build a more diversified global business, better able to develop market and deliver our expanding product line to consumers worldwide. In fact, we're becoming a more dynamic organization as we invest in our brands and take advantage of our growing Direct to Consumer footprint and omnichannel capabilities, while better managing our inventory and capital allocation priorities. The innovation engine that fuels the UGG brand's evolution from a regional domestic women's wholesale brand into a global multichannel luxurious comfort brand over a 35-year history is stronger than ever. We're on pace to deliver another year of record total company revenue and we expect to surpass the $1.5 billion mark. In the footwear industry, it's all about product and we have a great product offering for fall 2013. This year's UGG brand line is the most diverse that we've ever developed. With the warm start to the past 2 fall seasons, it became clear that we needed a more robust footwear offering to better bridge the gap between late summer and the start of the holiday season. I'm pleased with how quickly our team has responded. This year, we've introduce a much wider array of compelling year on boots and casual shoes. Sales during the third quarter was strong led by the Caviar Collection and driving mocs. We also infused the Classic collection with new specialty items that have driven heightened interest and solid demand early in the back half of the year. Our fashion boots are retailing well, including the Jardin and the Dandelion. And our slipper business has performed very well year-to-date, which we believe bodes well for another strong gift giving season. We're increasingly using digital and social media platforms to drive repeat purchases and reach new consumers by better connecting with our target consumers. This year's fall heritage campaign featuring the new tagline, Feels Like Nothing Else, launched in mid-August and the impact was immediate and powerful resulting in a dramatic rise in Internet traffic and page views driving online sales growth. To date, North America eCommerce sales are up approximately 15% year-over-year and global eCommerce sales, excluding China, are up 21% year-over-year for the UGG brand. The campaign goes global in November and December launching on multiple platforms, including social, mobile, digital and out of home, and supported by a wide range of major marketing events that showcase our brands in very innovative ways. In addition, the launch of the men's company featuring Tom Brady on September 3 generated significant interest and exposure. Total media impressions on that day topped 67 million and men's eCommerce revenues spiked above 40% for the first 3 days of the following -- following the launch compared to the week prior. Interest continues to be very healthy and we will leverage this campaign through the remainder of the year. We also launched UGG by You online giving consumers the ability to customize select products, including the iconic Classic Short. The consumer response out of the gate had been very positive. The initiative was supported across social channels with great success with all posts linking back to eCommerce. The UGG by You Facebook post triggered an increase in fan acquisition of over 176% on a global basis. Overall engagement on our Facebook page was up 200% globally and the UGG by You post on Instagram recorded the highest engagement of any photo to date. Going forward, we plan to continue to allocate more marketing dollars to digital programs that we believe will drive traffic and increase conversion and efficiently showcase multiple products in dedicated environments to further build awareness for our expanded product offering. Looking back at last year, the biggest impact on our results was a dramatic increase in sheepskin costs between 2010 and 2012. The rapid response to moderating our exposure to our largest commodity best exemplifies our organization's ability to innovate by effectively and creatively responding to external challenges. UGG Pure has had an immediate impact on enhancing our product line and will result in reduced costs going forward. A premium in natural material, UGG Pure is real wool woven into a durable backing. This year, UGG Pure is being used in select linings and footbeds replacing a portion of our table grade sheepskin. In the future, we plan to expand UGG Pure into new product categories and further integrate it into our footwear line. What makes UGG Pure so appealing is that it's a first-class wool material that delivers a luxurious comfort and feel that the UGG brand is known for, while allowing us to offer our products at more attractive price points. In addition, UGG Pure is more abundant and has quality more consistent than traditional sheepskin. Our near-term plan is to expand the use of UGG Pure in the linings and footbeds of additional SKUs next year to further enhance the overall product experience, expand product margins and sharpen our casual and fashion price points. The benefits of UGG Pure will also extend beyond the brand's core footwear business into adjacent categories, like home, and allow us to target new consumers, particularly in China, through I Heart UGG, a sub brand featuring more accessible opening price points that we plan to test in the fall of 2014. The global strength of the UGG brand and the evolution of our product lines and the further strengthening of our leadership team have created significant global expansion opportunities, particularly within our Direct to Consumer business. Over the past few years, we've made successful inroads into increasing our presence in Europe, particularly the U.K., and in Asia, where our initial efforts have focused on China and Japan. Our comprehensive Direct to Consumer strategy represents a concerted efforts aimed at elevating our markets, expanding our revenue streams, increasing our exposure to more attractive retail margins and creating a true multichannel platform that not only drives direct in-store and eCommerce sales, but also serves to efficiently and effectively promote our brands, including our new lines of footwear and related merchandise. The contribution from our Direct to Consumer operation continues to grow. This year, the segment will represent close to 33% of overall sales, up from 22% just 3 years ago. This contribution will further expand as we execute our strategy to efficiently grow our store footprint and invest in our online presence and direct marketing initiatives. We believe the benefits of this strategy will become increasingly evident as we continue to innovate how we interact with consumers, while carefully managing our capital outlays and operating expenses. Developing new markets and successfully managing our growing multichannel global business has required upgrades to our infrastructure. Our investments reflect the changing omnichannel retailing landscape that is being fueled by new technologies that are reshaping the way the consumers shop. Over time, we believe these investments will result in higher margins as our DTC business becomes a more significant contributor to our business mix and we deliver greater DTC-specific product across our global footprint. On the technology side, we're in various stages of implementing tools to better connect and cultivate our consumer base. These include key functions like CRM, loyalty programs and in-store level marketing tactics, as well as omnichannel capabilities, such as Infinite UGG, which gives stores the ability to place an order on our website for items that are not in stock in the store. These functions will allow us to better optimize our inventory and improve our logistics cost to drive expense leverage. On the brick-and-mortar side of the equation, we've taken steps to improve our site selection methodology, reduce our new store buildout costs and enhance our store labor management capabilities. We're also focused on elevating our merchandising acumen to drive conversion across all channels. We've steadily improved our storytelling capabilities in stores and online to enhance visual presentations, video content and DTC-specific products. With added resources, we expect to be able to react faster to current trends and generate even more consumer excitement for our growing portfolio of products. Our recent test -- recent results, rather, reflect our success in executing our DTC to integrate our retail store and eCommerce operations. These are complimentary initiatives that effectively address the demands and shopping patterns of today's consumer. Tom will provide some more color on our retail performance and investment strategy in a moment, but I'll highlight that Q3 saw a strong uptick in the performance of our China stores as the localized merchandise and inventory management initiatives put in place have started to take old. Looking ahead to ensure that we are best positioned to execute our DTC strategies, we are continually developing DTC expertise within our current staff, as well as looking to add new leadership on a global and regional basis. A little over a year ago, we brought on Dave Powers as the President of Direct to Consumer. Dave has spearheaded significant positive change throughout retail and eCommerce operations, which will benefit this fast-growing segment of our business for years to come. We recently appointed Justine Hsu [ph] to the newly created position of VP, Global Merchandise Management for DTC. She will be responsible for driving the go-to-market process of our Direct to Consumer channel in close partnership with the brand teams across stores and online, while providing oversight and guidance to the DTC regional teams. Justine joins Deckers following similar roles with Coach, Ralph Lauren, Prada and Tory Burch. We've also added Gary Fugamoto [ph], a tenured retail executive with experience at global brands including GAP, Coach and Nike as Director of Direct to Consumer Japan. And we recently appointed Michael Wellman [ph] as Vice President DTC China. Michael is a seasoned industry veteran with experience in both DTC and distributer retail in China with Nike, Adidas, New Balance and Disney stores. He brings deep knowledge in market dynamics, as well as an understanding of what it takes for Western brands to be successful in China. These executives significantly strengthen our management resources and provide us with exceptional creative drive and business acumen as we execute our strategic plan. During the third quarter, we opened 15 UGG brand stores, most of which are in Asia. Our expansion included a concept store in Shibuya, one of the busiest shopping districts in Tokyo that sees 3 million commuters a day and a center for fashion and culture. This store truly showcases the ground-breaking features we are adding to our stores, upgrading the experience and integrating technology and eCommerce functions into the shopping experience. The store was designed to showcase our product, technology and marketing assets in a way that integrates our Classic heritage with the digital world. The exterior façade includes a large LED screen to tell our seasonal stories, as well as a digital interface display for window shopping. Meaning that the store is virtually open 24/7. Inside, we've developed a virtual coordinator, a mirror, that assists consumers with their footwear selection combined with several apparel options suggestions. We plan to incorporate elements of the Shibuya store in our future openings as we continue to fine-tune the in-store experience. We posted a presentation on the Investor page of our corporate website, deckers.com, that captures the Shibuya store experience and I encourage everyone to check it out. Also of note, we remodeled and expanded our flagship UGG brand concept store in Honolulu. Now this is a top location for us and we believe it's only going to get stronger with the addition of our second dedicated UGG for men door, which follows a successful blueprint of our initial men's store in Madison Avenue. We remain on track to end 2013 with 113 total UGG brand locations. Of the 36 total stores we expect to have this year, 24 are in Asia and that's where we see one of the greatest opportunities for expansion going forward. We're still significantly under penetrated throughout the region, particularly in China, which lacks a traditional wholesale model. Although Asian consumers have readily embraced eCommerce and mobile shopping applications, they still prefer to include brick-and-mortar in their total shopping experience. As a reminder, our buildout costs are generally lower in Asia and leases are typically shorter than in the U.S. and Europe. Our plans not only include concept stores, but outlets as well. With regard to our outlet strategy, we're in the process of rolling out to all regions an updated outlook store model that incorporates the new design, improves merchandise mix and enhances marketing and visual materials. As noted, Tom will provide more details on our retail business model in a moment, but let me turn briefly to our other brands where innovation is also driving improved results, beginning with Teva, where the brand's fall offering has performed well at retail. Under the direction of our new brand president, Jeff Bua. We're in the process of repositioning Teva around its originals line to better leverage the brand's authenticity and heritage to penetrate new casual footwear market categories for both spring and fall. For spring '14, the expanded originals line has already generated strong pre-book demand and new distribution wins, most notably all Nordstrom doors for men and select locations for women. For next year's product offering, we plan to include a line of canvas casual footwear aimed at markets that remain warm year-round. In addition, we plan to infuse alternative upper fabrics, such as corduroy and wax canvas, into select Teva fall and winter products in an effort to appeal to consumers in colder climates. We believe we have a sound long-term strategy in place to build the brand's presence, both within and beyond the outdoor category. The Sanuk brand saw similar strong sell through of its expanded closed-toe footwear for men, particularly in the department store channel, where the brand has been building a stronger presence. On the women's side, Sanuk's Yoga franchise remains a very strong performer with healthy postseason reorders on the Yoga Sling in response to broad sellout of the product at retail. 2014 will mark the first full spring collection delivered under Deckers' management and the first full line under the direction of their brand's Global Director of Product, Trisha Hegg. Our plan is to capitalize on the growing momentum of our women's sandal business with marquee product in the yoga franchise, including some pull forwards in the spring from summer. We also plan to broaden our consumer appeal with a larger offering of trend-right canvas casuals, a category that we believe represents a considerable growth opportunity for the brand. Underscoring my belief is the early response from retailers, both existing accounts like Nordstrom and Dillard's, Journeys and DSW, as well as planned expansion into the actions sports youth lifestyle channel led by Zumiez, Tilly's and PacSun. We believe that Sanuk is in a unique position to be one of the only hand full of brand that can successfully slide in such broad range of major retailers, a position we'll continue to successfully leverage in the years ahead. Tom will now review the third quarter financials in more detail and discuss our updated outlook for the year. Tom?
Thomas A. George: Thanks, Angel. For the third quarter, net sales increased 2.7% to $387 million compared with $376 million a year ago. This year's results include international sales of $148 million, an increase of 10.3% compared with last year and domestic sales of $239 million, a slight decrease from a year ago. Looking at sales by brand: UGG brand sales increased 1.3% to $337 million; Teva brand sales increased 0.6% to $18 million; and Sanuk brand sales increased 0.5% to $18.4 million; sales of our other brands increased 81.3% to $13.3 million. By channel, wholesale sales decreased 1.5% to $319 million. In terms of UGG wholesale, European UGG wholesale sales increased low-single digits, while Asia Pacific was essentially flat. Domestic UGG wholesale was down high-single digits, which was in line with our plan and reflects a shift in the mix of channel revenue to our Direct to Consumer business, as well as the timing of fall holiday shipments to many accounts as a result of the past 2 mild starts to wear. Turning to our Direct to Consumer division. Retail sales increased 34.5% to $52.6 million and eCommerce sales increased 12.2% to $14.9 million. Same-store sales increased 1.9% for the 13 weeks ending September 29, 2013, compared to the same period a year ago. The increase in retail comparable sales is driven by a high-teens increase in China, a low double-digit increase in Japan, a low-single digit increase in Europe -- European comps, and partially offset by a low-single digit decrease in U.S. comps. For all stores opened at least 12 months at September 30, 2013, the average sales per square foot was approximately $1,425 and total square footage at the end of the third quarter was approximately 280,000 square feet compared to roughly 180,000 square feet at the end of Q3 2012, representing an increase of about 56%. Going forward, we are targeting slightly smaller, less capital intensive locations as we continue to fine-tune our model to maximize performance. Gross margin for the third quarter was 43.2% compared to 42.3% in the third quarter last year. The 90-basis point increase was primarily attributable to a shift in the mix of channel revenue with a greater contribution coming from our Direct to Consumer division this year compared with last year. With regard to sheepskin cost, the fourth quarter will benefit from the reduction in prices we negotiated in September 2012. We recently completed our sheepskin negotiations for fall 2014, taking into account the increased usage of UGG Pure, which will increase from about 10% of our total sheepskin usage in 2013 to approximately 25% in 2014. Our overall sheepskin cost per square foot will decrease approximately 10% compared to 2013 costs. All else being equal, we believe this will contribute to roughly 100-basis point improvement in 2014 gross margins over projected 2013 levels. However, it's important to note that UGG Pure currently will not be used to replace our premium twin-face sheepskin, which represents more than half of our total annual sheepskin usage and an even higher percentage of our total annual sheepskin cost. Total SG&A expense for the quarter was $120.4 million or 31.1% of net sales compared to $99.7 million or 26.5% of net sales a year ago. The dollar increase versus a year ago was primarily due to approximately $12.5 million of additional expense related to our retail operations, most of which is for the new retail stores that were not open during the third quarter last year. SG&A expenses were lower than previous guidance for the third quarter due primarily to the timing of certain expenses, the majority of which will now take place in the fourth quarter. Operating income for the third quarter was $46.5 million compared to $59.6 million last year. We recorded an income tax expense of $12.6 million in the third quarter compared to $15.9 million in the third quarter last year. Our tax expense for the third quarter was below our projections due to a lower nonrecurring tax rate. Third quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.95 versus $1.18 a year ago and compared favorably to our guidance of approximately $0.70. The upside relative to our guidance was driven primarily by lower operating expenses, including marketing dollars, which we shifted into the fourth quarter to take better advantage of the busier holiday selling season. This year's third quarter also benefited from the aforementioned lower tax rate, which was worth approximately $0.06 in earnings per share versus guidance. Turning to the balance sheet at September 30, 2013, inventory decreased 8.6% to $444.6 million from $486.2 million at September 30, 2012. UGG brand inventory decreased by $52.7 million or 11.7% to $399.1 million. Teva brand inventory increased $2.4 million to $21.6 million and Sanuk brand inventory increased $3.9 million to $12.5 million. Our other brands inventory increased $4.8 million to $11.4 million. The decrease in UGG brand inventory was driven by the sell-through of our carryover inventory. At September 30, 2013, our cash and cash equivalents increased 36.5% to $84.1 million compared to $61.6 million at September 30, 2012. At September 30, 2013, we had $245.5 million in outstanding borrowings under our credit facility compared to $275 million a year ago. The increase in cash and cash equivalents and the decrease in outstanding borrowings year-over-year are attributable to improved inventories and cash provided by operations, partially offset by $36 million in cash payments for common stock repurchases made in the fourth quarter 2012, and also $75.2 million of cash payments for capital assets which includes $33.8 million of retail expansion, $30.7 million for the new headquarters facility with a balance of $10.7 million for IT infrastructure and maintenance, as well as other expenditures. During the quarter, we did not repurchase any shares for the company's common stock and currently have $79.3 million available under the $200 million stock repurchase program announced in July 2012. Now moving on to our outlook. Based on third quarter results and current visibility, we still expect 2013 revenues to increase approximately 8% over 2012 levels. We are raising our full year EPS outlook from $3.73 to $3.80 to reflect the $2 million tax benefit recognized in the third quarter. We now expect diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 10% over 2012, up from our previous guidance of approximately 8%. For the full year, we still expect UGG brand sales to increase by approximately 7% to 8%, Teva brand sales to be flat to slightly down and Sanuk brand sales to grow approximately 5%. Our brand -- our other brand sales are still expected to generate approximately $39 million in 2013. Our forecast is still based on gross margins of approximately 47% and SG&A, as a percentage sales, of approximately 34%. For the year, capital expenditures are projected to be approximately $85 million to $90 million, with $39 million for retail stores and approximately $50 million for the corporate facility, IT and other maintenance. And we are still planning to refinance our corporate headquarters by securing long-term financing. For the fourth quarter of 2013, we still expect revenues to increase approximately 14.5% -- based on -- and based on the shift of certain expenses out of Q3 into Q4, we now expect fourth quarter diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 32% over 2012 levels compared to our previous guidance of approximately 38%. I'll now turn it back to Angel for his closing comments.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thanks, Tom. Across our portfolio of brands, we're creating great choices for consumers. With our strong network of wholesale partners serving as the bedrock of our distribution model, we'll continue to reach our target consumers where they have traditionally shopped for their footwear needs. At the same time, our growing DTC platform and enhanced omnichannel capabilities are enabling us to increasingly connect with existing and target consumers in a more intimate environment to introduce our evolving product lines. And all of our product and distribution strategies are being supported by more effective, more compelling and more personalized marketing than ever before. The goal of all these efforts is to consistently provide consumers with great choices, reach consumers through their preferred methods of interaction and ultimately sell and deliver them product in the most margin accretive way possible. This is about controlling our own destiny, by investing smartly and continually innovating how we conduct business so that we can fully leverage our growing asset base to deliver improved returns to our shareholders. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And this time, we will go to Randy Konik with Jefferies.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Angel, can you talk to -- on the past calls, you talked about the accelerating trends of sell-through in the Classic and slipper collection. First, can you give us some color on how that -- do you see that across all channels of distribution and across all geographies? Just a little more color on how the sell-throughs are going on. And is that a comment through -- starting into the fourth quarter or not? That's my first question.
Angel R. Martinez: Okay. We're very happy with the trends that we see them now. Certainly, the cooler weather in the U.S. aids in everything. I mean, that's -- there's always a benefit to having a chillier evening. Some of the enhancements we've made to the Classic line, I think, and if you go on the website, you'll see there's a lot more color than there's been in the past. There's a lot more diversity of detail and treatment. We've got product that's exclusive to our DTC operation. We have product that we've done exclusively with certain customers. So there's just a bigger variety of Classic product. We don't have the same kind of feeding frenzy that we had over in the original core Classic and basically 3 colors. I remember a few years ago, it was chestnut, black and sand. Those were the 3 colors that were in constant demand. Now we have a much broader and appealing assortment of product. And we've also done some special things with, for example, Swarovski crystals that we've got on a variety of the products that allow for more customization at the store level. Consumers can now go online and create their own UGG customized product, which is a unique and new thing we're doing. So generally speaking, there's a lot more effort and energy to diversify what people see when they encounter UGG Classic product. We're very happy with the trend so far.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: And then just a comment on, geographically?
Angel R. Martinez: Geographically, what I just said, is consistent. We're seeing the same sort of benefits around the world in every market we're operating in. So which is -- that bodes well. That's -- actually, it says a lot about our merchandising team and our ability now to interpret information from consumers worldwide and identify those areas and opportunities that we may have in some markets that we don't have in others. To give you an example, in Japan, the Classic mini is a very strong men's item in a variety of colorways that I really -- you only would see in Japan. And that was something we identified early and we've been in a position to go after that business and it's working quite well.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Great. I guess, last question, if I may. Are you in a position where you see -- you know how you took in your European distribution to an owned nature. Are you able to get leverage on that yet? It sounds like Europe is starting to stabilize. Obviously, the numbers internationally are turning back up. What is the opportunity there from the margin improvement standpoint to both Europe and then on to the overall part of the company from the financials?
Thomas A. George: Randy, good question. The U.K. business has stabilized and we're also starting to see the beginnings of some stabilization in the U.K. and the Benelux business as well. We are starting to see the opportunity for the leverage on that entire regional office that covers off all of Europe. So there is more opportunity going forward in that region. But that's about all we can say about it right now.
Operator: At this time, we'll take a question from Eric Tracy with Janney Capital Markets.
Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Just if I could, first, as we think about the gross margin, a point of clarification if I heard correctly, the 100-basis point sort of expectation year-over-year for '14, is that solely the UGG Pure contribution as you take that from 10% to 25%? Or is that the combined UGG Pure plus the lower just overall sheepskin cost?
Zohar Ziv: This is Zohar. It's the latter. The 100-basis point is the combination of greater utilization of UGG Pure and the overall cost of sheepskin that we purchased.
Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay, okay. And I guess, on a follow-on to that, maybe without having -- I'm sure you're not going to give specifics on this, but as we just think about the sort of mix shifts, right, from DTC becoming a greater contribution, international is turning, you just alluded to some of the potential leverage and improve profitability. Any reason to think that we shouldn't start to migrate back to that 50% gross margin? Are there some headwinds that perhaps I'm not thinking about?
Thomas A. George: You hit on all the right levers. We do have all the right initiatives in place to be able to drive gross margin expansion. So there are those opportunities. I think it's best that we get through this fourth quarter and conclude our planning process, then we can get more specific visibility around those numbers.
Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And if I could just squeeze in a last one for Angel. In terms of kind of strategy between the wholesale -- domestic wholesale business and DTC. I understand sort of the shifting into 4Q becoming more heavy that on an annualized basis, how should we be thinking about the wholesale business? Is it a stabilization mode next year? Is there potential in your mind to reaccelerate that? Or is there just a sort of an acceptable level of cannibalization of DTC relative to the wholesale?
Angel R. Martinez: I think you're starting to see a pretty significant shift in how consumers want to access brands. There's clearly a consumer base with our wholesale customers Nordstrom has their customers, Dillard's has theirs, Journeys has theirs. And those retailers are doing a good job of keeping those consumers in their full. Then there are consumers who want to access brands via a direct relationship. And the benefits there for us are pretty clear, obviously, from a margin point of view but actually, more important from a relationship point of view, meaning that we're able to personalize a relationship with a brand. We're able to give consumers a more customized experience. We're able to be the go-to place for all of their purchasing when it comes to UGG. And I think the 2 things work in tandem. And the net effect is that it's going to grow the market for our brand. It's -- we're in a very good position in that we have a pretty dominant voice when it comes to anything sheepskin globally. And our purpose here and our mission is to use that voice to reinforce all of the options that the UGG brand offers for the home, for kids, for men, for women. And on a year-round basis, we can do that in a very unique way. Retailers, being constrained by real estate, certainly having to devote shelf space to many other brands, have only a limited capacity to do that. Our goal is always to drive the consumer to their preferred destination, whether it's we use our coop money to drive consumers to Nordstrom. And by the way, Nordstrom, this past year between, I think, August and October, they had 16 pages of UGG-specific advertising that went out to their consumer base, which clearly has a huge benefit to Nordstrom. And those consumers are establishing a foundation of trust in the brand. They're accessing it through Nordstrom, but many of them will also come to us directly. So I think what's happening is a real big shift in how consumers want to access this. And we're focused on every vehicle that we can implement to make sure that, that relationship with consumers is expanded.
Operator: And at this time, we'll move to Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I guess the first question, Angel, for you, is just if you could you elaborate a little bit more on the importance of digital as you think about the Direct to Consumer business in your strategy there? And you talked a little bit on the -- earlier about the changes you've made in the stores with endless aisle. And I'm just noticing a lot more kind of robust content-driven e-mails as well. So maybe just how has your consumer responded to some of these updates so far? And then as we think about this platform, as we go into the holiday, what are some of the unique things that you're doing to really just drive mind share and conversion? That's my first question.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you. Digital is really -- it sounds almost trite to sell now, but it's the future. I mean, it's really what is happening when it comes to marketing specifically. The idea that the consumer is a one-dimensional consumer, I think that's a real dead notion. I thought about relationship, the key opportunity we have is to use the digital technology to fundamentally cement that relationship. You've seen that we have increased our assortment of home products now. We've got a variety of customization opportunities, as I mentioned. You'll see more of that going forward. You're going to see us begin to dial in a very predictive sort of model for specific kinds of consumers that will begin to identify through their shopping patterns and their communication with us. So we're just scratching the surface on this. We've made a commitment to this direction a few years ago. We've been ramping this up. We're very proud of what we've done with the Shibuya store. You're going to see more of that roll out. We're opening in UGG store that will be part of our -- we're calling it our Deckers brand showcase. It'll be in our home headquarters here come first quarter, and that's going to be a real showcase for how we think the digital world is going to impact retail. The 2 things are really inseparable now. And it's hugely important, some of the things that we're doing versus in past years that are being facilitated by this sort of digital connection. Obviously, we can get our brand campaign out, feels like nothing else is going to grow out in a -- not only in our old formula, which was predominantly print, but now it's going out with social media. It's going out through PR. It's going out through a variety of other techniques. So feels like nothing else. We'll be more prevalent during the holidays, that's the holiday -- we also have a holiday campaign. We're launching specific products. I've mentioned UGG by You, which is the customization. You're going to see that, targeted to consumers who have shown an interest in those colorways and those kinds of products. I mentioned the Swarovski Crystal in the stores, we're doing that. We've got -- the Feels Like Nothing Else campaign is really a DTC ramp-up. We've never done a DTC holiday campaign. You're going to see that beginning now, very shortly. The holiday line itself has been expanded. So we've got conversations we can have with consumers around new products. And on the last call, I talked about dropping product more frequently in the year. Now we're able to augment the product drive with news. That's now news on Facebook. That's now news on Twitter. That's now news on Instagram. And that's the reason to engage the brand. So all of these things combined are really giving us much more enhanced relationship with the consumer.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: That's really encouraging. And then I guess just, Tom, a quick follow-up question. On the same-store sales for the quarter, you'd mentioned the U.S. is negative. I mean, clearly traffic has been very volatile. If you could just elaborate a little bit more about the comp components during the quarter, traffic versus ticket versus conversion? And then cadence change as we progressed throughout the quarter from July to September. And then just if you could compare that with what you saw in Europe throughout the quarter in terms of more of that cadence, that would be great.
Thomas A. George: So I'll take the second question. I think what we saw in the U.S. is it was mostly traffic driven like many of the other retailers. We saw even some positive improvements in ticket and conversion in that. In terms of cadence throughout the quarter, really -- nothing really comes to mind there. I think it was pretty consistent there. Europe really pleased with that positive comp there, and I think we're seeing the same thing there even in spite of some traffic kind of pressures that they've been able to increase conversion and that kind of thing. And then really excited about China, how we've rebounded there and you start to see the benefits of our initiatives that are related to inventory merchandising, managing the stores, store locations, buildout efficiencies, really pleased about that. And obviously, Japan is very strong, really excited about the performance there. So in a very low sort of smaller third quarter, we're really excited about the progress we made with our retail stores.
Operator: At this time, we will move to Taposh Bari with Goldman Sachs.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was hoping -- it looks like you nailed the revenue guide. I was hoping you could talk more about the composition of UGG sales during the quarter, specifically around sell-through, reorders, if there were any delivery shifts worth mentioning in the quarter?
Thomas A. George: Yes, Taposh. As we indicated, the UGG wholesale business on the U.S. site was down as planned. There was a little bit like high -- I think high single digits. Of course, the retail business worldwide for UGG was strong. Our eCommerce business was strong. Our international wholesale business was on balance and Europe was up some, a little bit flat in Asia. And that's primarily due to some timing, as well as some work we're doing on our wholesale distribution in Japan because the fourth quarter, we expect the Asia and wholesale business to be up. In terms of any shift, a little bit of that, but nothing really of significance relative to expectations. So does that help?
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, that helps. And then, Angel, you mentioned the strength of the slipper business here during this transition period. I guess the question is what have you guys done differently with your account to make that more of a year-round business? And as we think about that business now versus the fourth quarter, which obviously is a very gift of all time of the year, how do we think about that being an incremental purchase, call it in December and January versus what's been purchased today?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, the slipper business is like the world's best-known secret, I suppose, if you're one of our retailers because we have a very powerful slipper business. Obviously, the price points are significant. It's by far the best quality slipper assortment on the market. We've done a lot to enhance the assortment. We've addressed price point issues. We've got some under $100 men's slippers that you can access, and that's exciting to consumers. We've also got trends happening. We've got young kids wearing slippers on the street as sort of part of a fashion statement. We've got in the U.K. for the first time this past year, we've got great traction on men wearing slippers. The slipper idea was not really something that was a category, it's not really a viable category. It was considered sort of a throwaway products, so we've managed to create a viable and important category in the U.K. And that's only going to grow. So -- and what I'm really interested in, what I find very fascinating is this idea of, if you sort of were to say that slipper is your cool-weather flip-flop, we sort of started playing around with this idea with college kids a few years ago and it's worked. When you see kids on college campus, as soon as the weather cools off, they're in their UGG ascots and other slippers, and the flip-flops are in the dorm rooms. So it just bodes well for slippers being a year-round product, not just the gift-giving product. And then you add a gift-giving spike to that and you create -- you have a very powerful franchise that we only look to grow globally.
Operator: At this time, we'll take a question from Scott Krasik with BB&T Capital Markets.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Angel, without seeing -- I Heart UGG is a little bit hard, but can you talk about its opportunity? Is it less weather sensitive? If it's focused on China, is it going to be sold in just the UGG stores that exist now? And how are you segmenting it?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, I Heart UGG is going to be sold in Asia. It's going to be sold in our own stores here and in selected wholesale partners here and other markets around the world. It is a junior line. It's a -- and if you come to the fanny show, we will show it there. It's almost -- it's very difficult to describe until you see it. It has no chance of being confused with core UGG. And yet, it clearly has the DNA of core UGG. The colors are more vibrant, the designs are much more -- they are just younger. It appeals to the tween consumer. It's a female line. It is -- the price points are very sharp because of UGG Pure, we're able to do that. And it's the beginning of understanding how to fully leverage what UGG Pure represents. By the way, the feel and the quality is -- it's just fantastic now. Clearly, it's not a product I'd put on, but quality tests show us that the consumer will not be disappointed with the feel of this product and in no way is it inferior to the feel of our traditional UGG products. So we're quite excited about it. As I said, it's a test. I said in -- I think, in the script, it's a test for fall of '14, but it's going to open a market that in many -- I would almost tell you that we've not participated in because we've had a lot of knockoff people out there. We've had a lot of products that are inferior quality going after these lower price points. And we're going to raise the bar on the quality and the fashion and the styling. So we think that's just incremental business for this brand in many ways.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: That's great. And then just as you get into selling fall '14 here soon, did you learn anything from what you sold on the transitional product? What can you do better? What really work from the transitional product? What ones you'll repeat? And how do you think that business is going to sort of grow in the world?
Angel R. Martinez: I think, and if you see fall '14, you'll see that the learning is just very sharp price points. We found that we needed to do a better job of engineering the product and developing product and use of materials to sharpen those price points to make sure that we're not only competing, but at each price point do we have the best product. The best fashion, the best comfort, the best quality. That was the standard we set for ourselves. And I think that there's no other standards that we can have. I'm very happy with the product that I've seen. I think people who see it will be too. We pre-aligned it with customers who are also very happy with it. It has -- everyone that sees it sort of -- it changes their perception of what UGG really is. So I even hesitate to use the term transitional anymore because it's now -- when you're a full year-round brand, you're not transitioning anything, you're just offering up great product every single season of the year, and we're going to force the competition to meet our standards. That's a bold statement, but I'm feeling pretty bullish about the product I've seen.
Operator: Moving forward, we will hear from Sam Poser of Sterne Agee.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. Number one, my favorite question, inventory. Will you give us a target of where you're aiming for the end of the year and what kind of turn you are looking for next year? I mean, that's -- what the hell...
Thomas A. George: Good question. We're not going to give you a year-end target. We are really pleased with the performance of all our -- the results of all our efforts and what we've been doing to manage our inventory. I think you're pleased probably with our number here at the end of the third quarter. I think the best way to really look at our inventory and measure our improvement in our inventories is look on a moving 12-month basis, what our turns are doing, how our turns are improving over time. I think that's the best way to look at our inventory results because the business is changing, it's becoming more and more direct to consumer versus distributor and wholesale, and a lot of moving parts. And we'll plan on continuing to improve on our inventory levels. That being said, we also want to make sure that we have appropriate inventory levels available to be able to capitalize on next year's first quarter business.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Fair enough. What -- with the UGG wholesale, can you tell us what the UGG total wholesale dollars were or that increase for that part, in total, what the business was for the quarter?
Thomas A. George: Right. Well, so for the quarter, UGG total global wholesale was about $274 million for the quarter relative to $284 million for the prior year. So it's down, about low-single digits down on a global basis.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And do you expect that to turn around in the fourth quarter given all these shifts? And I have one more question.
Thomas A. George: Yes.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Do you expect that to go positive in the fourth quarter?
Thomas A. George: Yes, we certainly do. Yes, with everything we've got in place in the current order book, yes, we expect that to turn positive in the fourth quarter.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And then looking at your -- like sort of the way you've talked about next year, even with all of the transitional products and whatnot, I mean, it's still going to be a back half or very back-half-weighted business, especially when we're talking, I would assume, about the margin lift. The majority of that is going to come in the back half of the year with delivery of all these new products and so on. So the 100 basis points would be more -- much more weighted to the third and fourth quarters?
Thomas A. George: That's right, correct.
Operator: Our next question will be from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Question on a lot of the new hires you highlighted in your prepared remarks on how -- it seems like a pretty hefty influx of some serious talent here. I guess the 2 questions around this are what's the catalyst for bringing a lot of these people in and creating some of these new roles? And then looking out, are there other kind of key positions and talent you are looking to add?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, serious expectations require serious talent. We've got some very aggressive expectations for our business, and we've been working on our go-forward plan. World-class talent today is hard to find because there's so much competition for talented people. And I don't believe that we can achieve our goals without the talent, without this level of competency. I've always used the adage, something that I coined a long time ago, what got you here won't get you there. And if there is represented by our vision for this company in the future, then we need the right people to help us get there, and we cannot compromise that. So -- and then we have a culture that we want to protect and enhance. And the culture has become a selling point. A lot of people who come into the company can go almost anywhere that they want. These are talented people who don't have trouble getting a job, but they had found that the Deckers culture is a good place to be. And we'll always look to add great talent and upgrade all of the people either through training and retraining and giving people an opportunity to grow within their position or filling in from outside where we see an opportunity and grow a part of the business we have not really fully developed. We need the outside talent. I mean, look what Dave Powers has done in the year. It's been -- he's done a wonderful job. But that's not just Dave. We have Linda Pazin here who has done a great job. It's just really staying focused on your future vision and making sure that you're not compromising that vision by not having the best people you can find. I think that would be a big mistake that I should be held accountable to and I fully intend to deliver on that. Besides, I do want to end up the dumbest guy in the room, I mean, that's my corporate goal when I retire from this. So I've got to make sure that I've got a lot of heavyweight.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. Well, hopefully you get to that goal because of the talent around you, not because of some degradation of your ability.
Angel R. Martinez: I don't want -- I'm not going to -- I'd really don't want to do that, no.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: One last follow-up on -- as we think about a lot of the new things, newness coming for next year around the UGG Pure, how that unlocks kind of some of the traditional blockages, if you will, of what you can do with the UGG brand. When are retailers -- when are you going to get the first kind of taste of incents of how that stuff is going to work and consumers are going to respond and when retailers are going to get to see it? And how is that kind of going to -- if you think about timeline, how are we going to be able to measure that?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, it's going to be sort of gradual and incremental. We're going to attack it a category at a time. When it comes to UGG Pure -- I mean, I Heart UGG, you'll see and most people will see that really at the fanny show, but they have already seeing enhancements and improvements through -- to our fashion boots. The use of UGG Pure has allowed us to now create much sharper price points. So we've been pre-aligning our fall '14, and there's been great response to that. And as I mentioned earlier, the slippers, the men's product, the use of materials, the use of UGG Pure, better engineering of the product, our development team has done a fantastic job. So we really have got back to what we call the celebration of the craft, the honoring of the craft of shoemaking. And there's a lot of intangible reasons why you buy footwear, a lot to do with queues of quality that we're all sort of conditioned to understand. And we really want to create some distance between us and other brands when it comes to the quality of our products.
Operator: And at this time, we'll go to Mitch Kummetz with Robert Baird.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: First question. I want to just follow up with what Sam was asking about UGG wholesale. Tom, you mentioned that you expected to be up in the fourth quarter. I mean, do you expect it to be up across regions? Is there sort of a growth rate that you can give us? And then on the same line with regard to reorders and cancellations, I know that previously, you had said you're assuming similar levels as a year ago. Is that still the case in terms of your Q4 guidance? And I've got a follow-up.
Thomas A. George: Right. For the wholesale business, we in the fourth quarter where -- we expect it to be at low single digits. That's more in the U.S. relative to the rest of the business. The rest of the business, we do expect it up, but not much at this point in time based on our guidance. And we do have the same assumption relative to reorders and cancellations. We have a pretty cautious outlook there and are planning very little reorders in a similar percentage of cancellations at this point in time. We think it's just early enough in the season after 2 mild winters to still be cautious at this point in time with that assumption.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Got it. We appreciate that. And then second question on your -- on the retail business, can you say what comp is baked into your Q4 guidance?
Thomas A. George: On a global basis, it's more of a low-single digit -- low to mid single-digit kind of comp.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Any color by geographic region?
Thomas A. George: Yes, we can give you a little bit of that. But not a thing to point out. I mean, we're still -- keep in mind that on the comp basis, it's still relatively low to the total number of stores that are going to be performing in the fourth quarter. So that doesn't move the needle some. I'll give you a little bit of flavor by region in the fourth quarter. I think that in the U.S., we expect that to return to more of a low- to mid-single digit positive. Canada, there's a few stores, they are in positive there. Europe, sort of a mid-single digit kind of positive. China, low -- high single, low double for China, and then for Japan, more of mid-single digits. And I could -- there's different comparison characteristics for every one of those. But hopefully that helps.
Operator: And at this time, we'll take a question from Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: One point of clarification. Tom, when talking about the gross margin for next year, is that 100 basis points strictly on the raw materials and the product costs? Because it doesn't seem like that would include some of the benefit you're going to get from retail mix.
Thomas A. George: It's just related to sheepskin costs only, so it doesn't consider any of the other cost inputs we may have. And it doesn't consider the direct -- the expansion of our Direct to Consumer business. So at this point in time, it's just giving you guys some visibility of sheepskin only.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Perfect. Great. And then just on -- Angel, on I Heart UGG, could you elaborate on what you mean by sharp price points? Does that mean that you're going to have sub $100 in all of products? And if so,does that mean that you would consider opening a few distribution into the mid-tier channel over time?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. The price points will be sub $100. I think it's $80 to $120 is sort of the sweet spot in a variety of different styles. And as time goes on, it will expand from a category point of view, you'll eventually see an expansion of the sneaker line inside the I Heart UGG idea. As time goes on, we'll be able to address waterproof product at those kind of price points, which we feel are important. So UGG Pure really gives us flexibility that we never had before.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: So could you see yourselves going into the mid-tier channel like a Macy's competing at that price point that's pretty attractive for that consumer?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we don't plan to expand beyond our core distribution matrix. We think that our core customers right now would really love the opportunity to create a customer base and are following around I Heart UGG, but we're testing it. We also think that for the DTC part of our business is very important. It allows the consumer -- this particular consumer, who is obviously doing a lot of shopping online, certainly all of their product research online, this consumer won't hesitate to buy the product via our eCommerce channel. So when you have those things going for you, I don't know that it's right now important to expand distribution from where we are. I think we're in a pretty good place. We're just looking to -- this will give us chance to get some real estate in different departments.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Got it, it sounds like an exciting opportunity. And just finally, Tom, I think you mentioned that the -- there's a pretty consistent trend in your retail comps throughout the quarter. It's pretty surprising, given that you didn't have any weather favorability early in the quarter. So why do you think that that's happening? Is there a replacement cycle that's happening? What do you think would drive that sort of consistency throughout the third quarter?
Thomas A. George: One thing that -- I think what I said actually in terms of turns in the quarter, I don't think I really commented on that, but that being said, one of the things we had this year versus a year ago that did help smooth the business throughout the quarter is we had the transition product in our stores during the quarter. And we had it earlier than we had a year ago. And I think there was some other product that we had earlier rather than 1 year ago. I don't know what type -- what product that was, but that helps throughout the quarter as well.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, we'll take a question from Jim Duffy with Stifel.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Can I have a point of clarification? You said that the Classic sales are improving as you get further into the back half of the year. That seems to be a general statement of seasonality, or you're exclusively saying that the September sell-through was better than a year ago, October better than a year ago, et cetera?
Thomas A. George: Jim, good question. You're right, we do had some seasonality with that business, but we are seeing -- because the inventory levels in the channel for our customers are cleaner than they were a year ago. We are seeing improved sell-through relative to a year ago.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Good to hear. Okay. And then a question on the retail model, since you're seeing some variability in retail productivity. You mentioned targeting small or less capital-intensive locations. Can you speak for -- a little about your thought process around retail returns and site locations and so forth?
Thomas A. George: Yes, generally speaking, we're -- one of the major thresholds we look at is obviously return on invested capital. And for these retail stores, we'd still want to target a 1-year cash-on-cash payback relative to the capital investments. So to add to that, we're seeing -- in our Asian stores, especially in China, because of the smaller size and the more value engineering we're putting into our build outs, we're starting to see build out costs roughly half of what our regional comps store fleet was in the U.S. and Europe. So that, obviously, can help significantly on returns on capital, as well as there's less capital tied up in the Chinese retail store because you only have 3-year leases as well. So that's very helpful.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. And let me add to that because there's something else going on too, and that's not just about Asia. I think given the sort of what I've been calling the omni channel revolution, however you want to phrase it, it has an impact on what is the optimal size of the store. How many square feet do you actually need when you have something called Infinite UGG and you don't have to carry every colorway in a style so that the consumer can have that shift to their home and have it within 24 hours. It improves the productivity of the real estate that you have. So part of what we're learning is to understand what are the optimal store size in each region of the world. When you combine the DTC component, when you combine the eCommerce component to it and -- what does that mean going forward? Location is critical. You do need to have stores located in the optimum traffic areas. But size of store, that's something that think, going to change. And it's going to change for a lot of people, not just us. And we're trying to study that now.
Operator: At this time, we'll go to Chris Svezia with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Two questions. I guess, first, I'm just curious, just to go back to the inventory. I think, Tom, on the last call, you made some comment that you actually needed more inventories. So nice to see it down, but I'm curious, is it just a timing situation where you ended the quarter with inventories where were they were. And I'm just trying to back into what you said last quarter based upon the growth that you're seeing for the UGG business, number of stores you opened, et cetera, why the inventory growth would have been higher. It's nice to see it down, but I'm just curious if this is just a point in time that the inventory suddenly looked down, or where they are at this point?
Thomas A. George: We're seeing continued improvements in the inventory. You've brought up a good point. Even with 36 more retail stores, we were able to get the inventory down, and that's because it's down not only in units, but also the carrying amount of inventory, the carrying value roughly has a lower unit cost because there's some favorable sheepskin costs in the carrying value of the inventory. It's going to benefit the fourth quarter. So a lot of different dynamics in the inventory level. But again, that reinforces it to your point when you need to look at the inventory more in terms of movement and trends and improvements relative to inventory at any one point in time.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: And then the other question I have was just on the retail stores. If I just look at it over a period of time, you guys have opened up a lot of stores. And if you sort of look at the EBIT contribution from the retail store piece, it's been a bit of a headwind over the past couple of years. I guess the question is this: Would you guys consider potentially slowing your retail store growth to get those EBIT margins back up again? Or are you doing enough to drive EBIT margin improvement while opening 30-plus stores? Just curious how we think about the EBIT margin contribution at retail, given it only really mixed money in that fourth quarter. Does that really start to change now? Or what do you need to do really to start to get to move that needle?
Thomas A. George: Let me take the first part of it in terms some of the analytics. We -- obviously, the first stores open were the most productive stores. That being said, our newest stores are very productive as well and great returns on capital. And as we've talked about on the call, we've been developing an infrastructure to be able to scale this much, much bigger on a global basis. So one thing to keep in mind here, I mean, we've opened a lot of stores over the last couple of years in the fourth quarter. This fourth quarter we have a lot of new initiatives and a lot of new learnings relative to product and marketing and -- to be able to really drive the business this fourth quarter. So at the end of the fourth quarter, that might be the time to talk about EBIT margins and whatnot, EBIT margin contributions and how well the retail economics look. And then, Angel, I think, did you...
Angel R. Martinez: Yea. I mean, Chris, we are planning to slow down the concept store growth in North America. We're fine-tuning the model. I mean, as I've said just a moment ago, what is the optimum stores size? That's what we are needing to identify. Our growth in near term is going to be around outlet stores, primarily in Asia Pacific, where we're severely underpenetrated. But the most important thing is to understand what the new dynamic looks like, the wholesale environment combined with our own DTC efforts. And how consumers want to access brands. When you have Amazon, now going to the same-day delivery, I think it has to be crazy, but I assume that's not going to have an impact on what the retail footprint looks like, I think, for every brand and all of retail. So we've always been cautious. We have been I, think, very judicious in the number of stores and where were they placed and being very careful not to have that one store too many. That always seems to be creating a problem. So this is a science and an art because the brand relationship with consumer is part of an art. But all of this sort of becomes a very, very important area of conversation, a very important area of experimentation, which we're doing a lot of. And really, sort of dialing in precisely what's the best use of our resources to grow this brand, particularly UGG, going forward.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Is it fair to say that you guys would consider continuing opening up that level of stores, but continue to shift the bias on the international side, which, in theory, have better returns?
Angel R. Martinez: I think in the end we're going to be as judicious as we can be. We're going to do what makes the most sense for our bottom line. I don't have an ego drive to have a gazillion stores in the United States if they're not going to work well. So none of us do. So we want the brand to be exposed in the appropriate way and we want the margins to be healthy and we want the sell-throughs to be great. So that's our plan.
Operator: The final question for today will be from Corinna Freedman with Wedbush Securities.
Corinna L. Freedman - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Just a really quick one. Could you elaborate on the SG&A costs that have shifted from third quarter into fourth quarter? You might have mentioned the nature and the magnitude, but I might have missed it.
Thomas A. George: It's mostly marketing. And it's roughly half relative to expectations. It's about $3 million and it's mostly marketing.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you all for joining us on the call today. And we look forward to those of you on the East Coast having chilly evenings and chilly days. We'll speak to you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Operator: And again, this does conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-07-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Angel R. Martinez - Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and President Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Linda Pazin
Analysts: Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Corinna L. Freedman - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation's Second Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] We would like to remind everyone that this conference is being recorded. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call regarding the company's expectations, beliefs and views about its future financial performance, brand strategies and cost structure are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to the company's anticipated revenues, expenses, earnings, gross margin, capital expenditures, brand strategies and cost structure, as well as the outlook for the company's markets and the demands for its products. The forward-looking statements made on this call are based currently -- I'm sorry, are based on currently available information, and because its business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond its control. Actual operating results in the future may differ materially from the future financial performance expected at this current time. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K, and on its other documents filed with the SEC. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly release or update the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn the conference over to the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors, Mr. Angel Martinez. Please go ahead, sir.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you to everyone joining us today. With me on the call is Zohar Ziv, Chief Operating Officer; and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. In addition, I'd like to introduce Linda Pazin, our new VP of Investor Relations and Corporate Communications, who is also on the call. The second quarter, while our smallest volume quarter, was an important transition period for the UGG brand that have left us feeling much more confident about our growth prospects in the back half of the year than we felt 12 months ago. The transitional product we've developed to help better bridge the gap between spring summer and our key fall holiday season. It was very well received retail consumers, our customers, and the initial styles that were introduced late in the second quarter have performed very well at major wholesale accounts and in our direct-to-consumer channel month-to-date. The quality of our inventory, which I'll address in more detail in a moment, is in much better shape, both in the channel and in our distribution centers. It's much cleaner than a year ago and we have key fashion styles on hand to deliver on time in early August versus last year, when factory delays met these important transitional products, didn't arrive on the shelves until late September. And we believe that the combination of solid spring sell-through, more compelling, more relevant product collections and much improved in-store merchandising has created far better momentum across each of our regions and distribution channels at the start of this year's third quarter versus what we experienced in 2012 when we were battling several headwinds beyond our control. Despite the pressure on our Teva and Sanuk brands sandal business from cold and rainy weather during larger durations of Q2, we were able to achieve sales within 2% of our guidance. Additionally, our second quarter revenue was in line with guidance on a constant currency basis. We reacted quickly by deferring certain expenses, primarily marketing, selling and retail dollars to the back half of the year to take better advantage of the busier fall selling season, which enables earnings to exceed expectations. The second quarter ended with inventories up 4.6% year-over-year, a growth rate that is much more aligned with sales trends than in the previous several quarters. While this was a positive development, inventories were higher than we originally anticipated driven mostly from a timing issue from us, accommodating factory requests to take some small fall deliveries ahead of schedule so they can better be prepared for their peak production period. This product will be utilized to fulfill early season demand at key wholesale accounts and are expanding direct-to-consumer channel, which includes 36 more stores compared to this time a year ago. Lower than originally planned first half sales for Teva and Sanuk contributed slightly to our inventory growth, but we expect to work down this excess inventory over the remainder of the summer. While we're comfortable with the quality and size of our inventory as we head into our key-selling season, we plan to continue to focus resources to improve the slow timing of inventory receipts. We recently hired a new senior executive in supply chain planning, who we believe will add significant improvements to tracking and management of our order status with factories. I think it's also important to note that this management team has a very good track record of turning inventory, and while our level of carryover for the past few years have been higher than usual due to -- in part to, back-to-back mild winters, history shows that we have not needed to write off or write down significant inventories at any point and we believe that this will continue to be the case going forward. Looking at the brand's recent performances in more detail, starting with the UGG brand. While domestic wholesale selling was down modestly, the UGG brands U.S. wholesales customers experienced good sell-through of the spring line led by then Covar [ph] espadrille collection, fashion sandals, specialty spring classics and slippers. This fall is very good Q1, during which cold, snowy weather in many parts of the country help drive additional sales of classic boots and other colder weather styles. Demand for spring styles, as well as new transitional products such as driving mocs, smoking slipper silhouettes, ballerinas and trend-right sneakers, which were introduced late in the quarter, helped drive another strong quarter for our domestic eCommerce business. Our digital marketing programs are yielding significant year-over-year traffic increases to our Australian Hoka. These styles performed in concept stores as well especially classics such as our new Josette boots and the companion handbags performed well early, and slippers continue to sell year-round online and in the concept stores. Our recent market research has reaffirmed our belief that the UGG brand remains the top-tier brand relative to the competition. Approximately 80% of women in the U.S. are aware of the brand, over 40% have considered buying the brand and about 20% have purchased the brand -- 25%, I'm sorry, have purchased the brand. This places the UGG brand in the top 5 in their peer group in the competitive female category. This is great news and we believe it reflects the strength of the UGG brand as they gear up for the fall marketing campaign supporting their 35th anniversary. In terms of our domestic retail performance, comps were down 10% on top of a mid-single-digit increase a year ago. The comp decline was merely a function of traffic, which we believe was primarily due to weather and our decision to run our spring digital and out-of-home advertising campaign in Q1 this year versus Q2 last year, as the first quarter is a much bigger period for retail. A shift in product mix towards low average selling price product, including slippers and casual shoes also weighed on comps. A decline in comparable transaction in the quarter was partially offset by an increase in units per transaction, which translates into more consumers experiencing the UGG brand. As we continue to develop our omni-channel strategy, we are pleased that in the U.S., on a combined basis, our direct-to-consumer business was up approximately 14% as our operational initiatives to drive conversion took hold. Moving on to our European business. Many wholesale customers in the U.K., our largest market outside the U.S., experienced their best spring-selling season ever with the UGG brand. Their performance earlier in the year was driven by cold temperatures including the coldest March in the U.K. in more than 50 years. As weather warmed toward the end of the second quarter, sales of non-boots spring styles such as flip flops, fashion sandals and espadrilles accelerated. What we experienced in our U.K. wholesale channel is also true of our direct-to-consumer business. Stronger first quarter results, driven by cold weather, were followed by a slightly softer Q2 results, where sales of non-boots spring style didn't pick up until temperatures warm later in the quarter. Comps in the U.K. were flat for the quarter. Our U.K. results so far this year are encouraging and we have a long way to go in building added confidence -- we've gone a long way as well in building added confidence in the long-term viability the UGG brand in this very important market. And you'll remember that we've faced some challenges in the last few years, we've overcome those and the consumers responded very positively to the brand in the U.K.. Now, we have to make sure we capitalize on this momentum, while also replicating our progress in Continental Europe where conditions continue to be more challenging. The results also show strong correlation between sales and weather in Europe, highlighting the need for more transitional and nonseasonal products, something we're addressing in all of our markets. Now to Asia Pacific, where the UGG brand continues to demonstrate great momentum. Particularly in Japan, our retail store comps up in the mid-20% range, driven by a positive response to this year's spring line. Comps in China were down mid-single digits, a marked improvement from recent quarterly trends, which we believe is attributable to the new merchandising and marketing initiatives that we've recently implemented. We continue to believe that the UGG Asia Pacific region, and I'm not just referring to Japan and China, offers significant opportunity for the UGG brand and we're moving quickly but purposely to capitalize on the prospects we've identified in each country. In addition to the 7 stores we expect to add in Japan and the 15 new stores we expect to add in China, there will be multiple partner stores by year end in all of the original distributor markets for the UGG brand, including South Korea, Taiwan, Mongolia, Singapore and Australia. Turning to the Teva brand, sales were down year-over-year as reorders didn't materialize to the levels we expected given the unfavorable weather. Our sandal sales, which declined in line with the industry were partially offset by gains in our closed-toe category. As mentioned on prior earnings calls, we continue to focus on transforming the Teva brand into a more complete outdoor footwear brand in order to increase its growth prospects and lessen its dependency on weather. Our new TevaSphere technology will be expanding with new color updates for fall. In addition, we're introducing 2 new casual styles for men and 2 new boot collections for women, one of which, the Capistrano is being given platinum-level marketing designation by our #1 retailer, REI, which is the first for the brand. Before I turn into the Sanuk brand performance for the quarter, I wanted to remind everyone that the Sanuk brand started off as a predominantly male one-season surf brand when we acquired them in 2011. Now we're transitioning the Sanuk brand into a lifestyle brand that will be featured in department stores, sporting goods and outdoor retailers in 2014. I'm very excited about the product that has been developed for the female consumers and that will be featured in our spring 2014 line. These changes are important part of the growth story for the Sanuk brand. Sanuk brand's sales while up 7.5% for the quarter, were also hampered by cold rainy weather throughout much of the quarter. There were pockets of strength, particularly, our direct-to-consumer channel, which was up over 80%, driven by the continued strong performance of our eCommerce site and the addition of the brand's first store, which opened in Santa Monica earlier this year. We're encouraged that the brand's sandal sales outperformed the industry average this season, driven by solid sell-through particularly in our women's Yoga Mat franchise according to independent retailers and department stores. We expect the brand will gain momentum in the second half of the year based on several new product introductions. Fall 2013 represents the first time we'll have the Sidewalk Surfers styles in men's and women's that are relevant during the critical transition from summer to fall and holiday. We're also building off the success of our chill collection that's updated its styles that are lighter weight to allow our Sidewalk Surfer-loving customers the ability to wear their favorite styles deeper into the year. You'll also see new boots from the Sanuk brand, including more new women silhouettes and feminine colors and patterns. We believe that the R&D efforts will transition the brand from primarily hanging footwear merchandise brand to a meaningful player on the footwear wall in our surf, outdoor and footwear specialty channels, during what has traditionally been the brand's off season. I'll now turn the call over to Tom for a deeper review of the numbers and an update on guidance.
Thomas A. George: Thanks, Angel. Today's earnings release contains a good amount of detail about our second quarter sales and earnings, including sales by brand channel and geography. Therefore, I'm going to limit my discussion to primarily the gross margins, operating expenses, the balance sheet and guidance. Gross margins for the second quarter was 41.1% compared to 42.2% in the second quarter of last year. The 110-basis-point decline was primarily attributable to a higher close-out sales combined with higher cost to goods sold that were the result of increased sheepskin price that we locked in at the end of September '11. The benefit of last year's lower sheepskin cost won't be realized until late Q3 or early Q4 this year. Total SG&A expense for the quarter was $112.6 million, or 66.2% of net sales, compared to $102.3 million, or 58.6% of net sales a year ago. The dollar increase versus a year ago was primarily due to approximately $10 million of additional expense related to our retail operations, most of which is for the 36 new retail stores that were not open during the second quarter last year, as well as higher performance-based compensation expense, partially offset by a decrease in Sanuk earnout accretion compared with a year ago. Operating loss for the second quarter was $42.8 million compared to an operating loss of $28.7 million last year. The decline in operating margin was a result of a decline in gross margin combined with the increase in SG&A as a percent of sales. We recorded an income tax benefit of $13.8 million in the second quarter compared to $8.4 million in the second quarter last year. Second quarter diluted loss per share was $0.85 versus $0.53 a year ago, and compared favorably to our guidance for a loss of approximately $1.10. The upside relative to our guidance was driven primarily by lower operating expenses of approximately $11 million, approximately $5 million of which we shifted into the back half of the year to take better advantage of the busier fall-selling season. Regarding our retail operations for all stores open at least 12 months at June 30, 2013, average sales per square foot was approximately of $1,500. And total square footage at end of the second quarter, it was approximately 241,000 square feet compared to roughly 139,000 square feet at the end of the second quarter 2012, representing an increase of about 70%. Turning to the balance sheet. Our June 30, 2013 inventory increased 4.6% to $362.1 million from $346.3 million at June 30, 2012, an increase of $15.8 million. UGG brand inventory increased modestly by $2.5 million, or 0.8% to $311.4 million to support the current wholesale order book, as well as our DTC business growth. In addition, the balance included early deliveries of new transitional and fashion products for fall '13, as well as approximately $11.2 million is due to 36 more retail stores compared to a year ago. We're pleased with the quality of the UGG brand inventory as in-line and carryover products represented approximately 90% of UGG brand inventory. The remaining 10% is inventory, either in or available for our outlets. Regarding orders for in-line and carryover products as of June 30, we have more orders than we have inventory. So in Q3 and Q4, we are expecting additional inventory to fulfill our wholesale order book, as well as our DTC business, which has grown to over 30% of our business. In addition, we will have inventory of key styles available for reorders from our wholesale customers. With regard to our other brand, Teva brand inventory increased $3.8 million to $24.9 million, and Sanuk brand inventory increased $5.1 million to $14.4 million as a result of lower-than-expected sales for the first half of the year. Our other brands inventory increased $4.4 million to $11.4 million due primarily to the Hoka brand, which we acquired in September 2012. At June 30, 2013, our cash and cash equivalents were $49.1 million compared to $114.4 million at June 30, 2012. At June 30, 2013, we had $26 million in outstanding borrowings under our credit facility compared to 0 a year ago and $33 million at December 31, 2012. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents and the increase in outstanding borrowings year-over-year are attributable to $120.7 million of stock repurchases over the past 12 months at an average price of $43.65 a share and $64.5 million of cash payments for capital assets, which includes $34.7 million of retail expansion, $17.1 million for the new headquarters facility and the balance of $12.7 million for IT infrastructure and maintenance, as well as other expenditures, offset in part by cash provided by operations. During the quarter, we did not repurchase any shares of the company's common stock. And currently have $79 million available under the $200 million stock repurchase program announced in July 2012. Now moving on to our outlook based on second quarter results and current visibility, which now includes an increased contribution from our direct-to-consumer channel sales, driven by the opening of approximately 36 retail stores, up from the previous plan around 30. And stronger eCommerce trends, we now expect revenues for 2013 to increase approximately 8% over 2012 levels compared to our previous expectation of 7%. For the full year, we now expect UGG brand sales to increase by approximately 7% to 8%, up from our previous expectation of 4%. We now expect Teva brand sales to be flat to slightly down compared to our previous expectation of 6% growth, and Sanuk brand sales to grow approximately 5% versus our previous expectation of between 10% to 13%. Our other brand sales are expected to generate $39 million of revenues in 2013. With regard to earnings, we're raising our outlook and now expect diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 8% over 2012, up from our previous guidance of 5%. While second quarter earnings came in ahead of guidance by approximately $0.25, roughly half of the improved earnings was related to a shift in the timing of certain marketing, selling and retail and other expenses, which we expect to spend in the second half of 2013. Operating expenses in the back half of the year are also increasing from 6 additional retail stores. We now plan to open plus additional IT investments now scheduled for the fourth quarter. Our forecast is still based on SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 34%. We now expect gross margins to improve an additional 30 basis points above our previous expectation of approximately 46.5%, driven by increased contribution for our direct to consumer channel. For the year, capital expenditures are projected to be approximately $85 million to $90 million, with $40 million for retail stores and approximately $40 million for the corporate facility, IT and other maintenance items. And we are still planning to refinance our corporate headquarters by securing long-term financing. For the third quarter of 2013, we expect revenues to increase approximately 2.5%, and diluted earnings per share to decrease approximately 41% over 2012 levels. For the fourth quarter 2013, we expect revenues to increase approximately 14.5% and diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 38%. This quarterly EPS guidance is in line with our previous disclosure. And as a reminder, roughly 85% to 90% of our projected second half earnings are expected to come in the fourth quarter. I will now turn the call back over to Angel.
Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Tom. As we take stock of where we are at the half point in the year, I'm pleased with how the first half has unfolded, following a challenging 2012. Obviously, there are always areas of the business so we can improve upon, and that we'll control -- there will continue to be factors impacting us that are outside of our control. That said, I think we're taking the right steps towards effecting positive change at Decker this year. And more importantly, over the long term. I could not be more confident about our products pipeline that we have in place for fall 2013, which is seeding into the 2014. I believe fall 2013 is the UGG brand's strongest, most complete line that we've developed. We made great progress in 1 year to broaden the appeal and accessibility of the brand, including having more transitional products to help bridge the gap between late summer and the start of fall weather, with more attractive opening price points in our casual and fashion collections, combined with non-core products that better reflect the UGG brand DNA and a broader lineup of specialty classes. And while still very early, sell-through so far in July supports this thesis. In the U.S., wholesale inventory levels are much cleaner than they were a year ago. And we believe that our retail partners are equally excited about the freshness of the fall line. In Europe, we feel like we've turned the corner with the UGG brand in the U.K., and with good momentum coming out of Q2 combined with a much stronger product line, we're encouraged about our prospects for growth this coming holiday season. We believe that Asia continues to be a source of growth and opportunity, particularly for retail expansion in China and Japan. As we make additional investments to our merchandise offering and marketing programs based on a better understanding of the regional differences between East and West, we believe that we can build market share in these 2 large and important consumer markets. We look forward to updating you again in about 90 days when we report our third quarter results. By then, we'll know a lot more about our sheepskin needs and costs for 2014, which, at this point, would be premature to comment on. And by late October, we'll have much better visibility in how the holiday season is shaping up. Given the unpredictability of weather and especially what has transpire in the last 2 winters, I think we're taking the right approach to planning the business for the remainder of the year, while at the same time, investing in new products and new processes that both mitigate our dependence on weather and create new growth vehicles for the future, including a specialty running category where Hoka, our newest brand addition, gives us an immediate and legitimate platform to complete. With a strong balance sheet and strong cash flow, we're well positioned to execute on the strategic plans for evolving each of our brands and driving sustainable earnings growth and increased shareholder value, well into the future. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Erinn Murphy, Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Angel, I guess my first question is for you, I guess you commented earlier on in your script about the direct-to-consumer business kind of month-to-date is starting to improve. I'm just curious if you could expand upon that comment. Is that -- are you seeing it more in traffic or is it ticket-based? And what style is the consumer right now gravitating towards?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we had actually pretty consistent performance across our entire DTC from eCommerce business, to our own stores, the Covar, as I mentioned, consistent style selling and our wholesale customers as new products has arrived. We got a little bit of -- we had success with the sneakers. Once the weather warmed, the sandals started performing. So in general -- and the new fashion product, what we call transitional product. But really, it's the right price point in boots and lighter weight, early fall product that has been performing well. So and we are starting to see the same thing happening as we're getting early reads from our wholesale customers. So we're pretty feeling pretty good about that.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then, I guess, from a wholesale perspective and in general kind of across the industry, there's been a lot of concern in both apparel and footwear brands just on the retailers are taking a little bit more cautious view in the order book. I mean, can you just articulate on what kind of behavior you're seeing, kind of thus far, for the fall holiday deliveries. And then I guess, to that, if there's any just update on the backlog, you just comment more orders than inventories. But just any color on both how retailers are feeling thus far this season and also, on your backlog.
Angel R. Martinez: Okay. I think caution is the right word. I think everyone is approaching and especially after the last 2 winters, very cautiously. That's why it's important for us to make sure that we are in a good position to meet their near-term needs when -- with our core products. So we decided to take some projects early. We understand that consumers out there are buying closer to their needs, closer to the season. Retailers are reacting accordingly. And we're in a good position to fill in around core styles, which is pretty essential for us, assuming, of course, that we get them more normalized winter. So in general, we're feeling pretty good about the inventory position we're in and the availability of core styles we're filling.
Thomas A. George: And Erinn, this is kind of related to the backlog, there's really no change since the past quarter because especially for the open business is primarily -- the wholesale business is primarily prebooked and -- but to add some color, consistent with what the last quarter, the pre-booking came in more skewed to the fourth quarter versus the third quarter because to some of those points Angel mentioned, the retailers are being more risk adverse early on and they want more product later during the specialty peak holiday selling season.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, and then I guess, to the inventory comment as well, I mean, it's better exiting Q2, but could you just talk a little about the complexion of this balance between both the independents and the major wholesalers?
Thomas A. George: In terms of inventory in the channel?
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Yes. How are you feeling kind of the delta between the 2?
Thomas A. George: I think we feel pretty comfortable there. As time has marched, we're already more comfortable with how the -- our larger wholesale customers, the bigger retailers have their channel to clean up. And I think as this time marched on here, the independents have gotten a little bit cleaner as well, but not to the same level as the larger customers.
Operator: And moving on now to Sam Poser with Sterne Agee.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Well, I'm going to take your inventory on here. Could you tell us how much inventory -- was it $16 million of inventory that you allowed to come in early? Because you said you would be under $300 million. [indiscernible]
Thomas A. George: Yes, Sam, good question, let me give you some color on that. We had talked about being at about $300 million. We came in a little bit over $362 million. We used a little bit about was related to Teva and Sanuk, very slight amount. The rest is really mostly, mostly timing and so you're working with maybe $55 million there. And $30 million to $40 million of that $55 million is based on our decision, to bring product in early so we'll be better prepared, to put the product in our warehouse and service our backlog and our DTC for the back half of the year, and i.e., not be late on fashion product in -- similar to some of the things that happened last year. I think the ad in terms of the quantity of inventory, we gave you some good color about -- we need to bring more inventory in. Our wholesale order book alone is going to take care of inventory we have at the end of June. So we need to bring more inventory in to be able to service our DTC business, as well as have the opportunity to chase some business within.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: I mean, with all due respect though, as you said, that's much more of a fourth quarter story than it's a third quarter story. So, I guess, the question to you is what is your target -- given your current sales guidance with the gross margin and everything, what is your target inventory for the end of Q3 and your target inventory for the end of Q4 to set yourself up properly for 2014?
Angel R. Martinez: I think we would like to communicate on our inventories as we have seen some improvement in it. There's always have great quality and we have never large write-off issues. Just look at it more on a 12-month moving average kind of basis, and we expect to continue to have our inventory levels more in line with forward sales trends and continued improvement on a 12-month moving average basis over time. I think, we're too much focused on the inventory any one point in time. So I think you need to look at the improving trends over time.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Well, yes, but the thing is the trend because of the business at the end in 2012 -- at the end of 2011 through 2012, the inventories were so bloated at that time that you're comparing it also by a higher number to start with that was too much to begin with. So the year-over-year comparisons don't work anymore. You got to get back to like Q3 2011 inventories or Q2 2011 inventories to get more of a like-for-like. And so the question is this, where are your target inventories? So I'm thinking you need to make sub 250 by the end of the year, period. Just to be set up to get your turns right and everything else. Am I in the ballpark and so on?
Thomas A. George: I think that just the frame of reference to ground everybody in the call. Our UGG brand inventory is up slightly, a lot lower than the implied sales growth in the back of the year, which is 10%. So again, you need inventory to be able to service growth in the back half of the year and we feel good and especially good about the quality of that inventory where we stand and we feel pleased to where we're headed on the management of it as well.
Operator: And moving on next to Randy Konik with Jefferies.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Quick question. So just -- can you just give us a little bit more color about what the accounts are saying in terms of the -- it sounds like the backlog and the order book is obviously improving. What are they telling you? And are they -- is it because they feel better about the environment? Are they feeling better about the products? Just first question is on what specifically are these accounts kind of talking to in terms of impacting the backlog.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, first of all, from a product point of view, great response on the product. So far, happy with sell-through on the product. We have actually people who order a little light on core plastic product. They're to worry them. I think they find themselves in a position to chase some product as the season progresses. Backlog hasn't -- it hasn't changed. So we really feel going into this third and fourth quarter pretty confident about the reaction we found, the response from retailers, the sell-through of the products, the quantity of inventory, all things are positives.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Okay. Got it. And then in terms of just remind us where should we be at with Pure over the next 12 months?
Angel R. Martinez: Now, we said and it's been -- we're very happy with, by the way, the way in which Pure has evolved. We said the real benefit of Pure would be felt in the more mid- to longer-term period. So we had, as you may recall, regular sheepskin that we had to work through in 2013 and we continue to now as we move through that inventory of raw materials appropriately replace our needs for table grade with Pure and we're continuing down that path.
Linda Pazin: Now in regards to UGG Pure, we just wanted to remind people that we were also looking at expanding it into our home product and really delivering the best product possible for our consumers with as much diversification as we can. And as Angel mentioned, by the end of 2013, we're going looking to deliver up to 10% of our product using exclusively UGG Pure and up to about 25% in the medium term.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then lastly, Tom, just kind us through on your thoughts on buybacks in your business right now in terms of obviously a share repurchase activity. How do we think about cash generation in this business over the next 12 months and the corresponding buyback activity?
Thomas A. George: Yes, good question. The business model stretches with the margins we have and the investment strategy. It generates a lot of good cash flow, good operating cash flow. So we do have that opportunity with that operating cash flow to be able to reinvest in the business and I think there is more of a lean now to reinvest in the business versus repurchasing stock. That being said, we still have $79 million available on the current authorization and will -- with that, we'll consider opportunistic repurchases as well.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will now move to Bob Drbul with Barclays.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess, Tom, for the -- my question is when you look at your assumptions in the back half of the year in terms of the sales assumptions and the margin assumptions, can you just explain in what you would view as conservatism that you have built-in. I understand the new stores, but like the margin recovery piece of it and just the sales piece of it, how you estimate it especially the new stores and the retail stores to get to the top line and the bottom line assumptions that you're looking for now at this point in time with the visibility that you have.
Thomas A. George: We feel comfortable with where we're at the guidance we put out for the back half of the year. I think one thing to consider as we grow our DTC business, we have been seeing improving trends. On the eCommerce business, there's some strong trends there and were getting more and more sort of intelligent and experienced into how to drive more and more business into our eCommerce through our website. So there might be an opportunity there. On the retail stores, I mean, we've -- in our guidance, we assume we're going to open 6 more so, i.e., 36 versus the earlier guidance of 30. So obviously, as we grow retail around the world, there is always a of approval of additional stores, i.e., locations and whatnot we're looking at. So you have to work with the larger inventory to be able to secure the 6 additional, so there may be some opportunity there, but can't necessarily promise that at this point in time. And we feel good where we're from a margin point of view and specially that DTC business where -- how we can drive additional profit dollars with more DTC money. So if there's -- we end up having more DTC business versus wholesale business in the back half of the year, obviously, that could drive a lot of profit opportunity.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then on the retail business in Japan and in China, in Japan, the 20 and the China sequentially improved, still negative. Can you just elaborate a little bit more in both of those markets and sort of the game plan especially in China going forward?
Thomas A. George: Japan, really pleased with that like for the quarter. I mean, every store comped positively. If you go over to that market and just see the energy in that market, you could just see how our product is really, the changes we've made to the product offering there and how we're driving traffic to the stores, you get pretty excited. And some of the new stores were opening in some of the locations have very high traffic locations with the right demographics. So very excited about Japan. And China is getting the -- the better inventory feel, broader product assortment, some product learning, some more marketing around awareness of the brand and driving traffic to the stores in China is what makes us excited about that opportunity which helped drive the improvement there.
Operator: And moving on, we'll now go to Taposh Bari with Goldman Sachs.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask a question about UGG wholesale in the second quarter. My math gets me to UGG wholesale being down about 20% in the quarter, is that right? And if so, a quicker modeling and more stable growth rate year-over-year in the back half just kind of backing into the numbers. So A, just curious to know what drove that decline in the second quarter, I guess, to start.
Angel R. Martinez: I mean, from a modeling point of view in the second quarter, you're pretty close to where we ended up in the second quarter for UGG. It was a combination of not only the domestic business, but some of the international business as well. Going forward, we still have -- that's pretty broad. So in the back half, we're -- we have cautious expectations as well for our wholesale business in the back half.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I guess on that point, I think, historically, your business is in largely pre-book for the fall winter business. Does the composition -- I know the retailers are buying closer to need and receive closer to need. But does the composition for the entire season change of pre-book versus that 1 this year, versus last?
Thomas A. George: No. Not really, other than 2 tough winters where we had a fair amount of cancellations, but we still maintain some cautiousness around cancellations and very little reorders in our projections.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. That was my other question for reorders. Are you assuming kind of flat reorders, reorders to be up, down? If you can just give us any kind of context there.
Thomas A. George: Virtually none.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Virtually none. Hopefully it's better than that, right? Last one for you, Tom. Last one for you, square footage. I think you've been providing that for the past couple of quarters. Square footage in the last 12 months, sales per square foot, are you no longer providing that or?
Thomas A. George: I think we did -- we provided the square footage in there. It was -- sales per square foot on an annualized basis on -- for the comp basis, around $1,500 and total square footage as well over 200,000 square feet now.
Operator: And we'll now go to Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Can you -- so you guys have guided to the second quarter kind of top line last quarter around flat. And I know this is the smallest quarter, but came in a little bit below that. But you raised the revenue guidance for the full year. Can you just help me understand what are the areas of the business that give you the confidence despite a little bit softer Q2 top line and maybe you had anticipated that you kind of felt like it was appropriate to bring up the full year. Are there certain things going on with some of the brands, certain categories or the DTC side of it? Sounds like the Internet business is strengthening. Any insight there would be helpful, and then I have one follow-up.
Angel R. Martinez: It's the DTC business. We feel more and more comfortable with that. We have that improved eCommerce trends and we're going to open -- in the guidance, it assumes we open 6 more stores than we did before. So that gives us the comfort level on the revenues. I think that ripples through and gives you more margin dollars to work with as well and there are some additional OpEx to offset that. But that gets you to a revised guidance that gets our earnings growth in line with our sales growth as well. So that's why we -- that's the driver of the improved guidance.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. And then, Angel, could you talk about a little bit as you're getting a little more opportunity to work with the UGG Pure material and then integrated into some of your products and thinking about it going forward. Can you talk about the design teams, the designers and the company, some interesting ideas about being able to do more with the product from a design standpoint, with those materials, from a design standpoint. Are we going to see -- have an opportunity to see, coming from new styles with the UGG Pure this fall? And then rolling out next year? Just any update on that front would be really helpful.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, you're going to see -- I think, probably the operative word for the design team when it comes to UGG Pure is liberating. Because really what it does is allows for even color. For example, there are limitations in what you can do in color with conventional sheepskin because of certain colors it doesn't take well. They're too caustic on the skin side of the hide. UGG Pure allows us a lot more diversity in color, which is really important. Now from a texture point of view, we have the opportunity to engineer different textures into the material, which we never had that opportunity before. Overall, sort of the pile itself. In other words, the density of the material, we can bury that. So it allows us to make product that is less bulky. And as a result, allows us to have more form fitting footwear, which -- one of the things we found out from consumers who were objecting, they were interested in the brand, they love the slippers, but they were objecting to the shoes as outdoor fashion because the product was too bulky. And now this allows us to have much more closer to the foot shapes and feel for the product. So those are all things that are liberating to the design team and you'll see over the next several quarters tremendous innovation when it comes to the product design. I think fall '14 is something I've already previewed, obviously, now that's just very exciting product. I've never seen anything like that from our brand and that's only possible because of what UGG Pure has allowed the designers to now think about and go execute.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Understood. And will some of that be at the fall show this year or the preview line?
Angel R. Martinez: You'll see fall '14, you'll see that in the preview line. And we'll have our fashion show. We'll have a product preview at the -- at our showroom.
Operator: Moving on now to Corinna Freedman with Wedbush Securities.
Corinna L. Freedman - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Just a quick question on -- you mentioned slippers are now a year-round category. Are there any opportunities to take up pricing there or to expand that line any further?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, we have, this year, introduced an $80 price point in slippers again because of some advantages we have with UGG Pure. It allowed us to actually make a slipper that's for warmer climates is not quite as bulky. It's been very successful, very popular. Our continued success of our men's ascot continues to develop around the world. We're building a slipper business in markets outside the U.S. Where really in the U.K., for example, they had not really seen a slipper business. So we're pioneering an entire category of footwear in the U.K. So yes, you're going to see a lot more diversity again of color, of style, of the density of the material to allow us to evolve that business. We're the market leader by a very long stretch there.
Corinna L. Freedman - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, and then my second question is have you changed your philosophy about expanding distribution any for this year given your inventory? Just maybe there were some weakness, I think, in the higher end department stores and would you consider opening up some mid-tier department stores? Just -- do you have any updating thinking about that.
Thomas A. George: We're very comfortable with our wholesale distribution. We have been cleaning up our distribution here and there, in various parts of the country where we've felt in some cases where we're not being well represented. That's an ongoing process. We have evolved to a very sophisticated direct-to-consumer model with our outlet stores and concept stores in the mix. And that certainly negates the need to run out and open less-than-desirable distribution and online. And we feel we have excellent wholesale partners across all channels and we don't see a need to go beyond that in the near term.
Operator: Moving on now to Mitch Kummetz with Robert Baird.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes, I want to begin, I just want to go through some of the assumptions or some of the assumptions that were discussed on your Q1 earnings call. I just want to be clear that we're still looking at kind of the same assumptions. So on the -- on your own stores, I think, it was mentioned last call, you were looking for a flat comp. I just want to be clear that, that's still the case in the back half or do you know expect to be better than that given some of the trends that you're seeing in retail or within your own stores?
Thomas A. George: Yes, Mitch, this is Tom. We talked about in the last call, I think, it was -- we talked about a flat to slightly up comp for the total year. For the total year, that's similar what we're looking at now, flat to low-single digits kind of comp for the total year.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then you also said last time UGG wholesale would be down sort of mid- to high-single digits for the year kind of based on that way you're order book was shaping up and kind of your assumptions on cancellations and reorders. Is that still the case then as well?
Thomas A. George: Yes, it's more for the totally -- well, sort of, the first half of the year is behind us and looking at the back half right now it's probably more focused on. And if you look at that our guidance for the back half of the year, the UGG domestic wholesale business is down more like a mid-single digits kind of.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. and then I know, Tom, you said that you're not assuming any material on the reorder side any real material improvement there or actually, I think, you said, you're really not looking for any reorders. I think the last call, you said you're expecting a similar level of cancellations, as well as last year. Is that still the case than?
Thomas A. George: Yes, from the cancellation side, that's still is the case.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then real quick on Pure. I'm just trying to still get a better handle as to what the cost benefit is on that. And let me ask a question this way. So if you look at it like a footbed or a lining and you compare Pure to like table-grade sheepskin, I mean, how much of the cost differential is there going from like table-grade sheepskin on a footbed or a lining to Pure in those components. Is there any way you can give us -- give me a sense of that?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, this is Angel. First of all, yes, it's significantly better from a cost point of view. We haven't been specific into how much per square foot, et cetera. But more important than that, is better product. The UGG footbed doesn't compress. It doesn't sort of develop bare spots. It's just more durable. And that's from our experience and we'll continue to evolve that technology, continue to develop the testing procedures as we continue to evolve the product. But from our expert -- from our reviews so far, it's just better product. And the consumer will vote accordingly. But I think it will be presently surprised.
Operator: Moving on now to Scott Krasik with BB&T.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Given the new store openings abroad and the momentum in Japan, can you just update us Tom, sort of the size of the markets ranking behind the U.K? Is Benelux still the #2 market? How do they compare to China and Japan now?
Thomas A. George: Yes, let me -- I got that handy. For the total year, let me give you a frame of -- I'll give you last year's reference. U.K. was our biggest international market and then -- then Japan actually was #2. Benelux #3 and China, #4. This year, the U.K. still the largest market, then Japan comes in #2, China #3, and Benelux #4.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. That's awesome. And then are the issues affecting China and Benelux similar and are the solutions similar or how do you frame the issues there?
Thomas A. George: Different things. Benelux is really a wholesale business, lot of macro issues there to the point that they're -- the consumers when they do buy any brands, product, they down-selected the most affordable. So that's putting ASP pressures still some distribution issues there similar we had in the U.K. before we change that around. So we need to work on that. China, that's a retail market. We opened a lot of stores. We're getting opening stores. We now are adding the infrastructure and the personnel and the executive experience to be able to operate stores at a better rate and work on comps to make sure we have the inventory, make sure that we merchandise the stores correctly of those kinds of things. So that's why we're starting to see some improvements on the China comps.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, Tom. That's very helpful. And then just last, when we were in the Nordstrom last week and the store associates kept saying, it's a no brainer for the [indiscernible] at 89, 90 or the Alloway. I mean where are you in terms of introducing product at that price point? And we'll we see even more next year?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, you'll feel definitely see more. Really this is going to be -- become a power alley for the brand. That's one of the things that we're very excited about. And again, given the flexibility that we have with raw materials, it allows us to address price points, meaning we have to abandon because of the rise in sheepskin pricing over the last 5 years or so. So we're very excited about, but not only the price points, but really the fashion, the quality, everything that we're seeing in the fall '14 line. I'm very excited to show you all what that looks like. It's going to be a breakthrough and you'll see for yourselves.
Linda Pazin: And then I also just wanted to add with Nordstrom that I'm really pleased with the results we're seeing and the offering, which is more transitional, more fashion product which is buy now, wear now. And consumers are really responding to getting more of that transitional product.
Operator: Moving on now to Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: I just want to go back to the inventory issue for 1 minute. Can you just help me understand where does the confidence level come from to take on more inventory and hold that at you and your DCU if the retailers necessarily committing to taking that product earlier. I mean, I know you guys are nice guys, but that seems to be not jive totally with what we're hearing from retailers and how they're trying to position their business.
Thomas A. George: So just to confirm what we talked about earlier, Camilo, we actually have more orders than we had with current inventory levels right now. So we need more inventory to service the current orders. So that's obviously a good position to be in from that point of view. And I think another thing that to give everybody -- just remind everybody the frame of reference in terms of how the company is transforming into a more DTC business versus wholesale and distributor kind of business, you need inventory to support the DTC business, obviously, both the eCommerce and retail stores. And you need more drops of inventory over the course of the year and during the season have more and more fresher products. So as a result of that, you need to have more inventory. I think one other point -- I don't want to -- I can't say it really enough, we don't have -- with the strength of the brand, we don't have any issues from a major inventory write-off that maybe some other brands will have. And another thing to point out and when we did have some closeouts like any other footwear brand in the first quarter but nothing really of any significance. In fact, by the time it gets ready to finalize our closeouts for the quarter, sometimes I wish we could find more products to close out. So we -- and we've got the brand back to the strength of the brand it's been around for 35 years. So that's an experience in terms of how to manage inventories as well.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay. And so the incremental $30 million to $40 million of inventory that you talked about, if the UGG inventories is only have decimal points, is that inventory then fashion-related product?
Angel R. Martinez: It's a combination of both the transitional product for the third quarter, as well as some additional, what we call heritage kind of product, as well as other casuals. And it's a broad spectrum of a lot of different -- lots of different product. We'd rather get our hands on that inventory to be able to have it in our warehouse because we have moved a lot of inventory through our warehouse during the peak-selling season. We don't have to sit there and worry about waiting for inventory to be on the lot. And you know, this also enables the supply chain especially our factories to have more capacity to be able to manufacture even more product to meet the current order book we have because again right now are order book is higher than the current inventory we have on hand.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: So if you had more inventory then it would -- one would be led to believe that your revenue guidance will be higher, is that correct?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, I think, let's look at this. I mean, currently, our UGG inventory at the end of June is up 2.5%, 3%, mid-single digits that are implied guidance for the back half of the year of UGG. Sales growth is up double digits, a 10% kind of number. So we're going to need more inventory to drive that kind of growth. And we'll also have the inventory available on the key styles to chase some business in season.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: And then just lastly on that, so do we expect Q3 inventory to be lower by $30 million to $40 million or will it be higher than $30 million to $40 million of that increment you took on sooner?
Angel R. Martinez: I think, how we want to get everybody to view our inventory is continued improvement over time, which we've demonstrated on a year-over-year basis and inventories more in line with forward sales guidance and the quality will continue to be very strong.
Operator: And our final question today will come from Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just maybe one question on average price -- pricing. Maybe given all the initiatives you're working on in UGG Pure, what's going the average UGG price going to look like or maybe pricing on the collection this fall versus last fall or maybe 2014 versus 2013 is going to be trickling down over time?
Angel R. Martinez: I think, as we continue to develop transitional product, the transitional product is at a lower average selling price. That said, as I mentioned in my comments, we're moving more units so we're putting more people on the ground which is a positive thing. When it comes to the high-selling season, the core assortments, that remains at the traditional price points and as we experienced over the last few years, we've been able to mitigate, taking the radical price increase. So we expect stability there in the core assortment. So really, you sort of have to look at our business as from 2 perspectives: One, is what's happening with price points at the peak season, of course, our core product selling, those price points will remain where they've been; and then we're introducing new products, new consumers into the brand at a lower average selling price. So if you take the net-net of it all, we probably, over time, we'll see as our business in the second and third quarter grows with the transitional product, you're going to see the average-selling price come down a little bit and then bounce back up in the fourth quarter with the core assortment. Thank you, all, very much for participating on the call. We look forward to updating you in 90 days as we move toward a successful conclusion of 2013. Thanks a lot.
Operator: That does conclude today's program. Thank you, all for joining today.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-04-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Angel R. Martinez - Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and President Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Randal J. Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to Deckers Outdoor Corporation First Quarter Fiscal 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call regarding the company's expectations, beliefs and views about its future financial performance, brand strategies and cost structure are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to the company's anticipated revenues, expenses, earnings, gross margin, capital expenditures, brand strategies and cost structure, as well as the outlook for the company's markets and demand for its products. The forward-looking statements made on this call are based on currently available information, and because this business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond its control, actual operating results in the future may differ materially from the future financial performance expected at the current time. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K, and its other documents filed with the SEC. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly release or update the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn the conference over to the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors, Mr. Angel Martinez. Please go ahead, sir.
Angel R. Martinez: Good afternoon, and thank you to everyone for joining us today. With me on the call is Zohar Ziv, Chief Operating Officer; and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. As you saw from our press release, first quarter sales and earnings came in ahead of projections. The upside was driven primarily by better-than-expected consumer demand for the UGG brand in both our wholesale and direct-to-consumer channels. This was partially offset by some temporary softness in the Sanuk brand's international business due primarily to inventory buildup at some key distributors. Overall, we are pleased with our start to the year and feel good about the strategic direction of our brands. For the UGG brand, sell-through of classics, as well as casual slippers and spring fashion boots performed very well in double digits on a weekly basis throughout the quarter at key accounts, buoyed in part by colder temperatures across much of the U.S. versus the same period a year ago. In addition, several new spring casual styles have sold extremely well as consumers responded favorably to our new introductions carrying more attractive opening price points. The Mara, the Inda and the Liza [ph] casuals are selling in double digits, all in the $70 to $100 retail price points. The brands' continued momentum following the solid end to 2012 further validates our belief in the strength of the UGG brand and the desirability of our growing product collections. As expected, domestic wholesale was down compared to the prior year, but we saw improved selling of the spring line as many of our key accounts expanded their spring business following solid performances the past few years. Better-than-expected sell-through of boots did generate some reorders during the quarter. In Europe, prolonged cold spells helped fuel sell-through of classic during Q1, further reducing retailer inventory levels and boosting confidence in the brand for next fall. From a selling perspective, wholesale sales were down in line with plan, however, we are selling the spring fashion sandals well, and boots performed well in Q1 with colder-than-expected weather. Now to Asia, where Japan wholesale sales were driven by the growing popularity of our spring line combined with increased demand for cooler-weather fall product. Like the U.S., Japan had a longer winter this year, which helped improve demand for classic boots, particularly the shorter-length styles, early in Q1. As the quarter progressed and temperatures warmed, we witnessed sell-through of casual shoes accelerate, underscoring the progress we've made evolving the UGG brand into a more of a year-round brand in this region. Turning to our retail division. Sales were ahead of expectations driven by the combination of a mid-single-digit comp increase and improved productivity for many of the new stores opened over the past 12 year -- 12 months. By region, comps were strongest in North America, with the U.S. and Canada up mid-teens and low double digits, respectively. Building off of a good holiday season and helped by cold spring weather, the U.K. posted a mid-single-digit comp gain, while in Japan, comps were up low single digits. While down double digits, China comps have continued to show a steady improvement over the past few quarters, thanks to new merchandising and marketing strategies, as well as the inclusion of several new stores in the comp base. During the quarter, we opened one store in the U.S. and currently operate a total of 78 stores worldwide. For 2013, we still expect to open in the neighborhood of 30 stores, 2/3 of which will be in Asia, primarily China and Japan, with the remainder in the U.S. and Europe. Now to the Teva brand, which grew in the first quarter despite the cold weather conditions. As we documented for several seasons now, our focus has been on transforming the Teva brand into a more complete outdoor footwear brand in order to increase its growing prospects and lessen -- its growth prospects and lessen its dependence on weather. Following some successful close to a product introduction over the past few years, I believe we developed the Teva brand's most advanced and compelling spring line yet, led by the new TevaSphere collection of trail runners and cross-trainers. The technology inside these shoes, which took several years to develop, emphasizes a first-of-its-kind spherical heel and pod-arch system, delivering a more natural point of impact, efficient transition and superior stability on varied terrain. The collection has helped us acquire additional self -- shelf space, expand price points and elevate the brand's position with a broader consumer audience. The combination of performance and stability found in TevaSphere's products is state of the art, and speaks to the innovation our organization is capable of bringing to market. We haven't forgotten the brand's roots and continue to advance the sports sandal category with new offerings for this year, that includes the successful Tirra and Zirra sandals for women, and our Terra Fi light sandals for men. We did miss out on some replenishment business in Q1 as a result of the unseasonable cool temperatures, which could also have an impact on some Q2 deliveries. But overall, we're pleased with the brand start to the year. The Sanuk brand domestically was a solid quarter, with sales up double digits versus a year ago. Like the Teva brand, the Sanuk brand lost out on some reorders as a result of colder weather, but still managed to achieve a mid-single-digit wholesale sales increase led by strong response to new styles such as the Yoga Sling sandal and dotty sidewalk surfer for women, and updated looks in our core sidewalk surfer for men. The brand's eCommerce business continued to post impressive gains fueled by last spring's conversion to the Deckers platform, which allowed us to create a much more effective environment for engaging with consumers. We recently developed another new environment with our first company-operated Sanuk brand store in the U.S. located on 3rd Street Promenade in Santa Barbara -- Santa Monica. The store is in the heart of Southern California, home to the surf culture, from which the Sanuk brand was born, and one of the busiest tourist destinations in the country. It's the meeting of these 2 worlds that serves as the basis for our strategy with the Sanuk brand. First and foremost, we must continue to connect with our core consumer who influences much of the U.S. market and other markets inspired by surf culture. At the same time, we need to expand the brand's conversion beyond the beach and evolve the product line to reach new audiences, while still retaining and maximizing our current audience. Looking at the Sanuk brand performance overseas. First quarter sales were below last year, mainly due to declines in Asia. I believe much of the decrease can be attributed to the normal growing pains many young brands experience, as they make the transition from niche player into a larger market participant. Until now, the Sanuk brand relied solely on distributors to launch and grow the business in the international markets, namely Asia-Pacific. And with the formation of the Sanuk management team and Deckers' subsidiaries in Japan, we now have the infrastructure to take a more direct involvement in the Sanuk brand's operation throughout the region. So we're currently working very closely with some of our largest distributors to improve their inventory management and distribution strategies. I'll now turn the call over to Tom, who will review the numbers in more detail and update our outlook. Tom.
Thomas A. George: Thanks, Angel. Today's earnings release contains a good amount of detail about our first quarter sales and earnings, including sales by brand, channel and geography. Therefore, I'm going to limit my discussion primarily to gross margins, operating expenses, the balance sheet and guidance. Gross margins for the first quarter was 46.8% compared to 46% in the first quarter last year. The 80 basis point improvement was primarily attributable to a greater proportion of higher-margin retail sales in Q1 2013 as compared to the same period last year, which offset an increase in sheepskin cost. Total SG&A expense for the quarter was $120.9 million or 45.8% of net sales compared to $101.4 million or 41.2% in net sales a year ago. The dollar increase versus a year ago was primarily due to $10.4 million of additional expense related to our retail operations, most of which is for the 29 new retail stores that were not opened during the first quarter last year as well as some additional marketing and international costs. Operating income for the first quarter was $2.7 million or 1% of sales compared to operating income of $11.9 million or 4.8% of sales last year. The decline in operating margin was a result of the aforementioned increase in SG&A expenses. Our effective income tax rate for the first quarter was 59.9% compared to 34.9% in the first quarter last year. The higher tax rate in 2013 was mainly due to onetime tax items, which had a higher percentage impact as a result of lower pretax income as compared to the prior year. First quarter diluted earnings per share was $0.03 versus $0.20 a year ago and compared favorably to our guidance for a loss of approximately $0.12. The upside relative to our guidance was driven by the combination of higher sales, which was worth approximately $0.12, and approximately $0.03 was attributable to a delay in incurring marketing expenses during Q1 and then in -- will move into Q2, which will now be incurred in the second quarter. Turning to the balance sheet. At March 31, 2013, inventory increased 23.3% to $257.1 million from $208.5 million at March 31, 2012, and decreased 14.4% from $300.2 million at December 31, 2012. The $48.6 million increase in inventory from the prior year is primarily due to UGG driven by a carryover of product, which will be utilized to fulfill orders during 2013. In addition, approximately $10 million is due to higher unit cost and $9 million is due to 29 more retail stores compared to a year ago. By brand, compared to March 31, 2012, UGG brand inventory increased $42.5 million to $201.5 million. Teva brand inventory increased $0.5 million to $31.3 million. Sanuk brand inventory increased $3 million to $15.1 million, and our other brands inventory increased $2.6 million to $9.2 million. I'd like to provide more detail regarding our comfort with the quality of our UGG brand inventory. At March 31, 2013, in-line and carryover products represented approximately 90% of UGG brand inventory. The remaining 10% is inventory available for our outlets or the closeout channel, and we believe has been valued appropriately and has been considered in our forward margin guidance. Regarding orders for in-line and carryover product, as of March 31, we have orders for a significant amount of inventory with the balance available for our retail stores in the eCommerce business, which combined, has grown to over 25% of our business. At March 31, 2013, our cash and cash equivalents were $64.6 million compared to $228.6 million at March 31, 2012. At March 31, 2013, we had $10 million outstanding in outstanding borrowings under our credit facility compared to 0 a year ago and $33 million at December 31, 2012. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents and increase in outstanding borrowings year-over-year are attributable to $200.7 million of stock repurchases over the past 12 months at an average price of $47.33 a share and $62.5 million of cash payments for capital assets, which includes $34.1 million of retail expansion, $13.6 million for the new headquarters facility with the balance of $14.8 million for IT infrastructure and maintenance, as well as other expenditures, offset in part by cash provided by operations. During the quarter, we did not repurchase any shares of the company's common stock. As of March 31, 2013, we had $79 million available under the $200 million stock repurchase program announced in July 2012. Regarding our retail operations for all stores opened at least 12 months at March 31, 2013, the average sales per square foot was $1,500. This figure compares to sales of approximately $1,600 per square foot for the trailing 12 months ending December 31, 2012 with a difference driven by addition of our Canadian locations as well as several China stores, countries where productivity levels are below the company average. Total square footage at the end of March was approximately 215,000 square feet compared to roughly 134,000 square feet at the end of March 2012, representing an increase of about 60%. Now moving on to our outlook. Based on first quarter results and current visibility, we still expect 2013 revenues to increase approximately 7% over 2012 levels. For the full year, we still expect UGG brand sales to increase by approximately 4%, and Teva brand sales to increase approximately 6%. We now expect Sanuk brand sales to grow approximately 10% to 13% compared to our prior guidance of approximately 15%, while other brand sales are now expected to generate $41 million in 2013 compared to prior guidance of $40 million. With regard to earnings, we still expect diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 5% over 2012. While first quarter earnings did come ahead of guidance, a portion was related to a shift in the timing of certain marketing expenses. We are also seeing some pressure on earnings from fluctuations and foreign currency, primarily in the back half of the year. Finally, with such a significant amount of our earnings concentrated in the fourth quarter, we believe it is prudent to maintain our original full year outlook until we get closer to our key selling season. Our forecast is still based on a full year gross profit margin of 46.5% and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 34%. For the year, capital expenditures are still projected to be approximately $85 million with $40 million for retail stores, $30 million for the corporate facility, and the balance of $15 million for IT and other maintenance. And we are still planning to refinance our corporate headquarters by securing long-term financing. For the second quarter of 2013, we expect revenues to be approximately flat with second quarter 2012 levels. As Angel mentioned, the cold spring weather, thus far, is likely to have an impact on reorders for the Teva and Sanuk brands, which is factored into our guidance. For the second quarter, we expect a diluted loss per share of approximately $1.10, which when you take in account the $0.03 impact from the shift in marketing expenses, is in line with the Q2 guidance we outlined on the year-end call for a diluted loss per share of approximately double the $0.53 we lost in the same period a year ago. Looking at the back half of the year, it is important to know that based on the growing contribution from our own retail stores, combined with the change in wholesale buying patterns following 2 consecutive mild winters, we now expect roughly 85% to 90% of our projected second half earnings will come in the fourth quarter. I will now turn the call back over to Angel.
Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Tom. So we're close to completing our fall pre-book, and orders have come in as expected, which is down compared to 2012. We saw a good response to our new transitional product highlighted by driving mocks, slippers and ballerinas, as well as specialty classics, slippers, casual boots and fashion boots. Retailers remain cautious on fall-winter deliveries, following back-to-back mild winters. We've seen this in our more weather-sensitive collections, namely cold-weather specific products. On a positive note, the cold first quarter helped further clear carryover inventory in the channel, improving the opportunities for reorders in Q4, should we experience a more normalized winter. Now before moving to questions, we want to expand on our discussion about Pure. As we discussed in our last earnings call, our innovation team has delivered on a challenge that's been underway for some time, namely, to develop additional materials that would allow us to deliver the comfort for which the UGG brand is known, while helping to mitigate the unpredictability of material costs. The material is called UGG Pure, which is a wool pile textile, created by crafting wool fibers and weaving them into a durable backing that allows us to deliver a plush and consistent sensory experience. We're introducing UGG Pure into the footbeds and linings of some of our products beginning in April in our own concept stores, and in late May, in our wholesale channels. With UGG Pure, we believe that we'll be able to lower our product cost and pursue profitable new growth opportunities, some of which were previously not economically viable. As I said on the last call, UGG Pure gives us another important key to further unlock the lifestyle nature of the UGG brand well beyond footwear. While we're excited about the flexibility we believe UGG Pure can potentially provide, I think it's important to keep this development in context. We will expand UGG Pure into other products in our line over time. As a reminder, our classic collection is currently constructed using mostly premium twin-faced sheepskin, not tailor-grade sheepskin. So while UGG Pure will offer some near-term cost savings, we'll still be heavily dependent on sheepskin for the near term. We'll be able to update you on our expected sheepskin cost basis for fiscal year '14 when we report third quarter results in October. So thank you for your continued interest in Deckers, and we'll now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Angel, I wanted to follow up on your -- the comments you just made on the UGG Pure. It seems like this timetable may be moved up a little bit. It sounds like you have some of it in your own stores. If I remember correctly, I think in the last call, it sounded like it was more a fall collection development. Has anything changed in terms of the supply chain around that or your comfort level through consumer testing? Any kind of thoughts around that would be helpful.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, fundamentally, nothing has changed. We're getting better at refining our supply chain. Everyone is now growing more familiar and more comfortable with the processes involved in producing the material. We have said from the beginning that it would be infused into the product line slowly. Now some of these transitional product that you're going to see in stores beginning in this -- this April was a good opportunity for it to be introduced in the footbeds and some lining materials. So that's what we're doing. So no real change from what we originally said. You'll still see it at wholesale as we had planned in May and June.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. Understood. And then one quick question, follow-up on the fall. Your comments around the fall orders, the second consecutive warmer winter. As expected, there's some softness there as retailers are being more cautious, and it sounded like it was mostly in the kind of colder weather lines. Are there other -- any other areas in the product lines where you're getting a retailer response that you're a little disappointed by that you're going to focus on developing further in the coming years? Or perhaps some areas in the line where Pure could play a role?
Angel R. Martinez: I don't think anything has come as a surprise. I think people have just been generally speaking cautious. I think that they have been a couple of things. It's not just a warm winter that's the impact of all the eCommerce that's going on across all channels, across really all consumer industries. So we're seeing that across the board. That's why a couple of years ago, we really started to diversify our classic assortments, so it was not so monolithic, if you will. Some of the updated classics, some of the new classic derivative product that we've done has added a lot of new interest. It allows us to do more marketing driven around product that's only available for a short amount of time as we did last holiday season. So no, I'd say generally, there's no surprise. People -- the cautiousness is pretty consistent. Interestingly, I think you'll see as a result of the cooler weather this spring, it should -- people may look at their order book and realize that perhaps if we start to trend toward a more normalized winter that they may be a little short on even-core classic product and core colors, but it's too early to tell that. We'll find that out as the season progresses.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Have the retailers had any response to Pure? Is that reflected at all how they responded?
Angel R. Martinez: We've had tremendous positive response to Pure. I think in the end, the consumer is really being offered a product that's improved and better. So it actually enhances the UGG experience at retail. So the retail as we've had in and showed them the material. And, a, they blind test, they say, "Well, I like this one. It feels better to me." And they find it's UGG Pure. So in many cases that we've shown it to people, that's been the response.
Operator: And next is Bob Drbul with Barclays.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I guess the first question is on the order book -- I'm sorry, on the inventory levels, I think you said 90% of it is in line. Like how much of that number -- can you give us a number in terms of how much of it has orders behind it right now as you head into the fall?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, Bob, that -- I even commented that on the script. A significant amount of that already has orders. And we also -- that inventory also supports our direct-to-consumer business as well. So we feel like we've made good progress in getting the inventory levels more in line and feel really comfortable looking at that inventory and the quality of that inventory on a very detailed basis relative to what we've pre-booked.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: And then on -- and then for the rest of the year, I guess from the first quarter, you talked about more attractive price points. Just a similar question, but do you feel like you have the pricing piece of this in a good position for the rest of the year, both on orders but at retail?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, we do. We feel that we're in a good situation there. One of the things that helped us even get more and more comfortable is that with that colder winter that we experienced the first quarter of the strong sell-through we saw at the classic products in the first quarter with our major customers, that even reinforced further that we feel really good we're at from a pricing point of view.
Thomas A. George: Yes, we experienced no price resistance with core product in the first quarter. We really feel that -- and just sort of validates what we've been saying about the brand. The brand has tremendous power in the consumer environment. And normalized winter creates significant demand increases as we have seen just in the example of this colder spring.
Operator: And moving on to Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: I just wanted to follow up. It was helpful to hear that comp detail by region. If you could just help us kind of put some of the key regions in the North America, Europe and Japan in context of last year. And then as we go forward throughout the year, where do you see the biggest opportunity in terms of the regional performance? That's my first question. I have a quick follow-up.
Thomas A. George: Yes. We were pleased with how the comps performed during the first quarter. I mean, we talked about there's still some challenges in China. I think we've made great progress in identifying what we need to do there in China from a store operation point of view, and in inventory management within the stores. In addition to -- from a merchandising and marketing point of view on the stores, we experienced good traffic increases in the stores during the first quarter. But one thing to keep in mind on the comps is there's still -- we're still relatively new to retail and the comp base is still relatively small in the scheme of things. So it is subject to some volatility, especially in the regions that have a smaller number of stores, and that being Japan. So I think net-net, because it is still very early, and really the results for the year are really fourth quarter driven and they're very direct-to-consumer oriented kind of results, we're still assuming some caution in the comps. And until we get to the fourth quarter and still then, we're even looking at trying to be cautious at this early stage of the game.
Angel R. Martinez: And as far as your other -- the other part of your question, we're very excited about opportunities in Asia with our brand. One of the things that we've learned is to be much better merchants. So the merchandising of products of Dave Powers and his team has brought forward is going to make significant impact, already has been making an impact. UGG Pure is going to allow us to evolve and develop product that is a little bit more attainable for a broader percentage of the population in China. Because right now, we're really looking at products that's only available to the top 2% or 3% of the population from a price point of view. It's leaving too big a gap below us that knockoff brands are exploiting. So this is going to be an opportunity for us to really exploit that opportunity, that potential in our brand, and we're pretty excited about that.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: That's really helpful. And then, I guess, Tom, just a quick last follow-up for you, on the Q2 revenue guidance and can you appreciate the dynamics given the deferred spring selling season with both having Sanuk, but how should we think about the revenue component for the UGG brand? And just help us maybe appreciate the channel dynamics between retail wholesale in the second quarter, and that would be really helpful.
Thomas A. George: Right. I mean, second quarter is sort of the most insignificant quarter, really. It's -- most of the spring product is really sold into the first quarter, so that remains. The second quarter is some closeouts are involved in the second quarter. And retail is very low in the second quarter as well. So we -- that I have given you a little bit more flavor not only with Teva and Sanuk, but Teva and Sanuk are sort of flattish at best that the UGG domestic wholesale is planned to be a little bit down from a comp perspective. Any gains from a channel perspective, we expect comps to be sort of flattish, maybe slightly up. We have seen some improved productivity on the new stores. But the declines I described in the wholesale and the distribution channel, that's going to put some pressure. So net-net-net, it all boils down to sort of flattish, a flattish quarter from a top line point of view, and so that's that.
Operator: And next will be Scott Krasik with BB&T capital.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Tom, I just wanted to clarify your comment based on the $0.03 you did this quarter and the minus $1.10 in the second quarter, that would imply about $4.70 or so in the back half of the year. And then you said only 10% or 15% of that would be in Q3?
Thomas A. George: Yes, that's right. I mean, there's a lot of different dynamics gone. More retail stores, and we also talked about there's more and more of a shift with our major wholesalers to order more product for the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. I think and another dynamic there is we are moving to try to get more of our retail stores opened in the third quarter, not have them all piled into the fourth quarter. So -- and given the third quarter is not that strong of a retail quarter, you get some more SG&A that you need to absorb in the third quarter. And I think one other thing, pretty important thing, is from a margin perspective, there's really no benefit we're seeing in the third quarter relative to the sheepskin and the Pure savings we're going to experience this year. That's really a fourth quarter phenomenon. So that puts -- that really skews the back-half earnings numbers.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: So Angel, I guess, your order book closes, I think, the end of April, I'd heard. Do you see orders sort of move from Q3 to Q4. Do people just eliminate the orders from Q3 and keep the orders the same for Q4 and then expect one's business? How does the order book look? As it's almost closed, I think.
Angel R. Martinez: I think we're seeing a slide more toward Q4. I think we're seeing people are willing to roll the dice on inventory availability in Q3 if they haven't stepped up and ordered as aggressively as they had in the past. If the winter season kicks off aggressively, they'll be chasing inventory. And we'll be fulfilling a lot of orders on our eCommerce and our own stores. So we're just seeing a shift now with retailers wanting to be much closer to market, which is a little ironic because it wasn't that long ago that you'd see a fall product in full bloom in July. Lots of merchandise. I think you're going to see that big shift away from that at retail.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: So if I could just sneak one last one in. And you talked about transitional product last quarter. I guess 2013, you just didn't have enough time. But what type of product can you create to get some of that Q3 business back in wholesale?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we do have some transitional products shipping this year, and we've really began that last year. It's really about the weight of the material, the components of the material that make it more winter-appropriate versus fall-appropriate. Driving mocs are important as a transitional product. The ballerinas are important as a transitional product. Sandals, still obviously, important in the first half of Q2. So we've got more diversity of product, more colors, more materials. Wedges are important. All of that stuff is something we're been building, and it's been well received and selling through quite well. So we'll be doing more of that.
Operator: Next will be Randy Konik with Jefferies.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess, Angel, can you give us some perspective on the ultimate -- and when you look, when you think about the inventory on the wholesale channel distribution, where do you feel like it's cleanest from a geographic perspective? That's my first question.
Angel R. Martinez: I think anywhere we've had cold weather this spring, which is Europe, U.K. particularly, the U.S. and Asia as well. Japan had cold weather in the first part of spring. So in all of those markets where we had carryover product from Q4, that will have a positive impact. I mean, certainly, it was inventory that a lot of retailers already own, but it bodes well for what we have in terms of their needs for Q4. So they're much less concerned about that aspect of their UGG business, given what happened with the weather in the first quarter in those key regions.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then second question is, in terms of the product that we're going to be looking at from a fall-winter perspective in 2013, what would the consumer or which, from a sell side perspective, which -- what kind of product should we be noticing the most in terms of incrementally impacting demand, i.e. they'll pop with the consumer, et cetera. What are the wholesale customers getting most excited about right now?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, what we think we've done around classic, I think, are very exciting. And classic is almost -- you sort of have to think of it as a design theme versus specific product assortment. It is a classic-inspired product. So it's really kind of takes what people love so much about classic, and evolves it with material upgrades, and colorways and treatments. The whole variety of things that make it very unique and unusual compared to what people have seen in the past. So that's pretty important. The casual boots are very important. There's a lot of excitement about that. We've got good price points on those products. I think we've done a good job with the right style and assortment. Our men's product for fall is quite strong, especially the boots. So it's -- and by the way in the fall, we've sold a lot of sneakers. I mean, the beginning of the fall, that's been -- continues to be pretty strong. So it's a much more diversified product line. Now, given the last 2 years of mild weather, we really haven't been doing a lot of aggressive development of more cold weather product, what we'd call cold weather product, because obviously there, you got a one-shot deal there. And our core styles in cold weather have performed well. It's just that there hasn't been enough cold weather to go around. So we've just evolved those appropriately but haven't evolved the amount of SKUs in those assortments.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got you. And I guess last question would be more for Tom. Tom, if you go back a little while ago when you guys had leveraged the balance sheet and used it to aggressively repurchase $200 million or so of your stock over the last 12 months, you had $79 million left to buy back. You're going to have generated a ton of cash in the back half of the year. The business seems to be stabilizing. Could we expect you to get more aggressive once again from a share repurchase perspective? How should we be thinking about that?
Thomas A. George: I think the best way we can comment on that right now is just refer to the current authorization. We do have $79 million remaining on that authorization, and we will look to continue to be opportunistic. And you're right, the company, the business model does generate a significant amount of free cash flow. And that being said, we've got a significant amount of opportunities that we want to reinvest in the business. So can't comment on any -- well, that's all about I can comment on, relative to share repurchases.
Operator: And moving on to Sam Poser with Sterne Agee.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. Number one, you mentioned that the backlog was down. Can you give us some indication of -- you gave it on the first quarter. You said the backlog was down 17%. Could you let us know what's going on this quarter?
Angel R. Martinez: Sam, we feel good where the prebook came in and it is down, really, in line with our expectations, and it gives us a lot of comfort in terms of how we're guiding for the back half of the year.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: What I'm trying to get to is last year a lot of the retailers were sitting on a good deal of inventory. And this year, I believe the inventory levels are cleaner at retail. So I was wondering sort of what percentage of the backlog that you've had at this point last year that you actually shipped to try to get a read on basically how stick -- if the backlog you have now is stickier, you could be ending up in better position.
Angel R. Martinez: Good question. A year ago, what eventually happened in the back half of the year, especially the fourth quarter, we did experience some significant cancellations. And we also commented on the call, we've seen that the inventory in the channel is a lot cleaner. And all that being said, this early in the year before the key selling season, we still think it's prudent to maintain a similar percentage level of cancellations to last year in our guidance.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: All right. And then secondly, you mentioned on the prior call that you expected inventory at the end of the second quarter to be around $300 million and be down on a year-over-year basis. Is that still what we should be looking for?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, I think one thing to point out on inventory is, there's been a lot of moving dynamics. The business is changing. A lot more direct to consumer business that needs to support. There's more transitional products, more stores. There's higher sheepskin cost. The factories are after us to take more product earlier. That said, at the second quarter, we still expect the inventory to be down compared to the prior year and flattish to that year-end $300 million number.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: Okay. So that's still -- nothing's changed with that at all?
Angel R. Martinez: That's right.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: And I've just -- one last thing, because a lot of people are asking me this question. It was basically, you had $208 million at the end of last year at the end of the first quarter. If you were to aim even close to that number and be down, you wouldn't have brought in any new product, because it would have been logistically impossible. Am I just thinking about that correctly?
Angel R. Martinez: I think related to the first quarter, we're pleased with the progress we made.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc., Research Division: No, I understand that. What I'm saying is, is that people are saying, "Wow, your inventory is still up. It's up more than it was at the end of Q4." And my point is, is that, just in pure dollars, you couldn't have gotten it even close to that number or you wouldn't have had any new product to sell. Am I thinking about that correctly.
Angel R. Martinez: Right. No. You are thinking about that correctly, that's...
Operator: . And moving on to Eric Tracy with Janney Capital Markets.
Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I guess if I could follow on the UGG Pure conversation. One, just -- are we able to get a sort of percentage of potential penetration by, say, holiday this year? What's expected?
Angel R. Martinez: As we've said, we're -- because of the evolution of the supply chain, we're going to be introducing it in footbeds and some lining materials in 2013. We have sheepskin lining material that we own from prior years. So I wouldn't expect it to be much more than 10% of what we're using. It will formally be a conventional lining material. Over time, I would say that our near-term goal is 25% of the lining material to be replaced by UGG Pure, I mean 25% of our sheepskin used to be replaced by UGG Pure, which would represent about most of the lining material that we're using.
Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just to clarify, again, how you're thinking about layering in the UGG Pure. On the core classic, obviously, will just be the footbed. Is it my assumption that you try to maintain the pricing level within the classic and, obviously, just layer in the lower product cost, so that the margin beneficial, very helpful. But then on some of the more fashion-oriented newer lines, they could actually be the full silhouette in the lining of the product, and that gives you an opportunity to adjust pricing down. And then I guess with all of that then, can you give any sense of just like-for-like, what sort of the lower product cost might mean to margin?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, first of all, over time, yes. The new product, where we have an opportunity to utilize more UGG Pure in the design of the product and what it delivers to the consumer, you'll see a higher percentage of the new product in the UGG Pure material. As I said before, it is superior. And so that's important to understand. Classic will remain, for the near-term, prime twin face. It's still, I think, a little bit early to sort of discuss what the ultimate impact is on margin, but we're going to be driving as aggressively as we feel appropriate to use UGG Pure as an essential part of what makes UGG feel like UGG, feel like nothing else. And that in and of itself, the consumer is going to vote. The consumer is going to vote. Do they like it better? As we think they do, they will. They'll demand more of this feeling and more consistency of product and it's going to give us opportunity to introduce new product at better margin and even at lower introductory price points, so that we can go get back some of that core customer that we lost due to price increases over the last few years on the raw material.
Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: And then just lastly on the UGG Pure, is it fair to say, even if you get to that 25% near-term penetration level that the byproduct should actually cause some downward pressure on the twin face sheepskin market correct? In pricing?
Angel R. Martinez: I think, theoretically, that you could see that happening. Yes, I think so. But we're always going to be in the market for a prime twin face. It's important, we feel that there are some products that consumers just want them the way they are, and we're not going to go changing them. But this is really about product evolution and the new opportunities it creates. And as we evolve some of the new categories that we haven't been in, such as home products and apparel, et cetera, you'll see more use of this material. And over time, it should have a positive impact on price of the conventional table grade material for sure.
Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then if I could just squeeze one last in, just switching gears here towards the retail growth. I think there's probably half of the stores switching in the stores. The 30 this year are going to be in China. And maybe just talk through, again, the weaker comps now, I know there was an issue just around fit and sizing and also some operational issues. Just talk us through the comfort level that you have in improving productivity levels. And then it's my understanding relative to the rest of the fleet, China does have the best profitability. So just trying to get a comfort given how aggressive you're sort of ramping those relative to some of the weaknesses you've seen in the past.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, Eric. I mean, and some of that, the things we talked about, improved productivity and what's going to drive that, some better merchandising, better flow of product and some more marketing, getting the consumer more and more aware of the value of a real UGG versus a down market product, and some changes from a store management point of view and sort of a more senior retail management point of view in China. And I think those are going to really -- they'll just give us more and more comfort in the continued learnings we have there, that we're going to be able to turn that around and continue to gain some improvement. We did mention, we've been seeing some steady improvements on our retail store operations in China. And we're still just scratching the surface of the total opportunity there. When you look at second, third tier cities, you look at outlet concept opportunities. That is still a great opportunity. In terms of productivity, they are smaller stores. They still generate 1 year kind of paybacks, which has very strong returns on invested capital, but they are smaller stores compared to some of the U.S. and European stores.
Operator: . Moving on to Howard Tubin with RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: As you continue to develop Pure and you introduce some more maybe lower price point or entry level price point items into your brand, should we expect to see any new or different distribution or you keep kind of distribution channels, in terms of department stores, where it is today?
Angel R. Martinez: I think you'll see us remain pretty consistent with where we are today. Actually perhaps even slightly down in terms of our distribution. Outside the U.S., obviously, China is a retail-only market, so you'll see us be able to talk to more consumers. As I said earlier, 2% to 3% of consumers in China have access to the UGG brand because of the price points. So it'd be great to get another 3% or 4% of the population able to buy UGG. So that's important. The other thing about China is that there is much known about 170 cities, a population over 1 million people, and we haven't even begun to penetrate those markets. So there's opportunity there. I think what we are really looking at is the revolution going on called Omni-channel, which really begins to create a different mindset, if you will, for our consumers. They want to access brands, how they want, when they want. And many of them either do their initial shopping online and go buy in a store or they just only buy online. Yes, in footwear, we're all very fortunate that -- it's an experiential kind of purchase. So you got to go try something on, which brings people out in the stores, is very important. But the impact of Omni-channel over the next few years is going to continue to be a factor in distribution decisions. So my guess is that when the customer realizes they can buy a product online 24/7, a product they know and are comfortable with and they prefer to shop that way, it probably means you don't need that many more points of physical distribution than you currently have. So that's just sort of my theory. And I think so far, it's been validated by what we're seeing.
Operator: Moving on to Mitch Kummetz with Robert Baird.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Angel, you've talked about how the cold weather has led to a reduction of carryover inventory at retail. So I'm just trying to understand as that sort of process has transpired over the last few months, I mean, as you look at your order book, do you think that, that's prompted retailers to be a little more aggressive with their orders and maybe what you thought they would have been 2 or 3 months ago before we saw that cold weather? Or did that just -- or retailers kind of just sitting on what orders they thought they were going to write and then that just better positions you for the opportunity for kind of at one's business later in the year.
Angel R. Martinez: I think the latter is true. I think what people are doing is just feeling, breathing a little easier with the amount of inventory they have on hand. Rolling the dice and saying, you know, if I need inventory, more inventory than I have planned, I'm just going to -- I'm going to hope UGG has it and I'm going to hope to get that from UGG when I need it. That may or may not be true. And if we see a cold snap early, that may not be the case and they may be chasing inventory. So I think it's this cautiousness, yes, it's weather-dependent to a large extent, but it's also, as I mentioned, it's dependent on Omni-channel. I think people are just very cautious as to what's happening with all this stuff. How much inventory do we really need? And they're saying to themselves, do we have to carry all this inventory? Can't the brands carry this inventory for us? And obviously, that's not my preference. We're not a warehouse for people. So our priorities will be to service those customers that step up in the pre-book, certainly, service our own stores and our own eCommerce business. And if there's any product left over, we can ship it to other people.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: You guys have been pretty consistent the last couple of quarters saying that the guidance assumes a similar level of cancellations as a year ago. To me that would seem to be a more conservative assumption today than maybe 2 or 3 months ago before we had this cold weather and this reduction of carryover inventory. Is that a fair assessment of that assumption?
Angel R. Martinez: I think that's a fair assessment. I mean I'm comfortable being conservative when it comes to the weather. No one has a very good crystal ball on this stuff yet. We don't know if there's a pattern. No one does.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Yes. And then to Tom, I don't want to take up too much more of you guys time, but I think coming off the last earnings call, you had talked about just sort of a flat comp on the year and then U.S. UGG wholesale sales down, mid to high single digits. It doesn't look like your sales earnings guidance has changed for the year. So do those assumptions still apply, as they did coming off the last quarter?
Thomas A. George: Yes, they do. I think that's a good way to look at it. I mean, we have really no change to the outlook in the back half of the year for the UGG brand.
Operator: . Moving on to Christian Buss with Credit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: If you could provide some perspective on some of the moves you've been making to reposition UGG brand in Continental Europe and what kind of success you're seeing there and how much is left to do?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, it's-- I don't know that I would use the word reposition. I think what we've really done is a couple of things. Number one, we cleaned up the distribution, which allowed us to more effectively control the assortment and the mix that's available at retail. We broadened the product assortment, so that with the distribution partners that we have now, we're able to make a much better statement of what the brand is and what it is on a year-round basis, what it is for men and women and kids. So I think we were pretty one-dimensional before. It was pretty much driven by classic a couple of years ago, and I think we've been making wonderful progress along these other dimensions. So it's created for the consumer a much better understanding of what UGG is and a much more -- a sense of the appropriateness of the brand for a much broader, much bigger part of the year. So I really think that, that's been the fundamental strategy, and it's working quite well.
Operator: . And moving on to Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: I just wanted to ask a question on Pure. How do you guys think about the risk of cannibalization since you're -- it sounds like you're keeping the distribution channels the same and it seems like this will be a lower-priced product. How do you manage that potential risk?
Angel R. Martinez: We really don't see a significant cannibalization risk. We feel that the product that we're currently selling, what people know as UGG classic and what people know as extension to the classic line and those price points, that is all very stable, very solid. The new product that we're talking about allows us to compete where we got pushed out of those segments of the market. In some cases, we really were never effectively able to go into the market with any consistency because of the last few years, the increase of the sheepskin pricing. Young consumers and I'm talking about teen consumers, for who $200 is a lot of money. Just a few years ago, classic was available at $120. So really what this does, it allows us to gain traction, once again, in that target core customer that just had to move past UGG and move to maybe a knockoff brand or just out of the category or put off the purchase for a year or 2, just because the product got pretty expensive. The other thing I'd add is there's a lot of consumers out there. We call them prospect consumers. It represents about 23% or 24% of consumers who, among the reasons they didn't purchase UGG was, it was just a little bit -- it was just too expensive. So our goal is to bring new consumers into the mix with new categories, new products, to really broaden the opportunity for the brand.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Got it. And maybe if you could just amplify a little bit more, what will be different from a consumers' perspective other than price point between the Pure product and the classic UGG boots.
Angel R. Martinez: The differences are pretty significant because they are -- we're able to engineer the product to precisely the spec we want. So to give you an example, at the current level of classic product, we're known for the density of the material. The wool inside is quite dense. It lasts a long time. It's very thick and plush. And that will continue. One of the problems with making product that is thinner in the sense that it's a lighter way for, say, warmer weather, is that when you shave the wool down, it loses its durability. It compacts over time, and this new technology allows us to engineer density and not have to have the thickness, which allows us to make -- diversify the number of styles we can make. We can make styles that are closer to the foot. We can also engineer different densities of material for different seasons, different weights, et cetera. So all of this was a very big limitation when you're just dealing with conventional sheepskin, which comes only one way, and you're very limited in what you can do to create differentiation. So we're going to be able to, now, differentiate the product line much more completely than we ever had in the past.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Have you tested this product in-store to see the receptivity or the differences between purchase behavior around the classics versus the Pure?
Angel R. Martinez: We have tested it extensively with consumers. And as I said, it is preferred, actually, and when it's a blind test, we think that the consistency of the material -- by the way, twin face sheepskin is not a very consistent material. It actually -- there's a tremendous amount of variation from both regions of the world where the hive come from and the seasons in which -- the winter that the animal has lived through. So that's been an issue and it's a natural product. So it's created a lot of this type of a challenge for our product development teams, and I think we may be able, now, to overcome a lot of that.
Operator: . And our final question comes from Chris Svezia with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: So I guess my first question, just going back on the inventory piece. Tom, for you, I mean if you're down slightly or flattish in the second quarter, how do we think about the inventory growth progression in the back half of the year? Does it run roughly in line with sales or how do we think about that?
Thomas A. George: I think that -- what I'd like to comment on there is, I think, by the third quarter, it's a big quarter, we're going to need the inventory to support that and I think I'd like to push it to the fourth quarter. I think we're comfortable that by the end of the year, we expect the inventory levels to be down relative to where they were a year ago. So at the end of December 2013, that inventory you'll be looking at will be down relative to what the inventory was at the end of December 2012.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. All right. And then Angel, for you, when you talk about UGG Pure -- 10%, I guess, is the lining and ultimately give me the 25%, any time frames around that, this year, next year, I'm just kind of curious when you hit those targets?
Angel R. Martinez: We're moving as aggressively as we can. Again, we're building a supply chain around this material from scratch. I don't want to overstress the supply chain and create serious problems on our end. So we're going to be -- we're moving very aggressively. I would say 2 to 3 years would be a reasonable window in which to expect that 25% number. But if we can move faster, we will.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. All right. And then, Angel, in the past, I think, in the last call, you made some comment about how you're looking at distribution in the U.S. and those retailers that either or not showing a brand in its entirety, et cetera, just focusing much on the classics. I mean, how -- where do we stand, right now, on that thought process, in terms of maybe some consolidation at U.S. wholesale for the UGG brand?
Angel R. Martinez: That's an ongoing conversation. It's a season-to-season conversation. We're pretty happy with our stable of retailers, I'd say. The vast majority value of the UGG brand for them, it's sort of an irreplaceable part of their revenue and profit picture on a year-round basis. So it's a very, very important brand for them. We don't see that many violators out there of our [indiscernible] policy. And when we do, we take appropriate action. Retailers have been very cooperative in offering the spread and assortment of product that we've asked them to, given that, in fact, some retailers just don't have the room, they don't have the type of store that is appropriate for all of our -- we understand that. So we're very flexible in working with people. And I'd say that, so far, the response has been extremely positive. Yet, there are still fringe players out there who are opportunistic and just want to use the brand as a loss leader or in some cases as a way of messing up a market, I suppose. Some people will constantly try to get the brand so that they can just claim they have UGG and they will not be undersold and violate everyone's -- sort of the integrity of our distribution. We're a lot more aggressive, and we come down on that behavior quite hard. So we'll continue to do that. It's an ongoing management year-round and it's also the distribution management globally now as well. It's not just the U.S., it's all over the world.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Right. Okay. And then last question I have is just on this, I just want understand something on the cancellation rate. If this time last year I don't think you anticipated what would happen in Q3 and I'm sure that's where you saw the majority of your cancellations occur. I mean if we come through third quarter and you obviously don't see that level of cancellations, I mean, how do we think about the revenue thought process there if that's doesn't materialize? I'm just trying to understand that for a second, in terms of how you're thinking about that cancellation rate being same year-over-year.
Thomas A. George: Yes, I think another thing to point out, Chris, is, last year, not only do we have a fair amount of cancellations in the third quarter, we had a fair amount in the fourth quarter too, when the weather got sort of inconsistent. So let's keep that in mind from your thinking perspective. And if everything else being equal, we have less cancellations and we've assumed in our guidance, everything else being equal, that we should have some upside in our wholesale number.
Operator: And that does conclude the question-and-answer session. I will now turn the conference back over to you for any additional or closing remarks.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you all for joining us on the call, and I think we have made significant progress in this year. We'll continue to drive the opportunities that we feel we have for this company across all of our brands, and we look forward to the next call.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference. We do thank you for your participation today.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Angel R. Martinez - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Zohar Ziv - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Randal J. Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Corinna L. Freedman - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corp. Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call regarding the company's expectations, beliefs and views about its future financial performance, brand strategies and cost structure are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to the company's anticipated revenues, expenses, earnings, gross margin, capital expenditures, brand strategies and cost structures, as well as the outlook for the company's markets and the demand for its products. The forward-looking statements made on this call are based on currently available information, and because this business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond its control. Actual operating results in the future may differ materially from the future financial performance expected at the current time. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K, and its other documents filed with the SEC. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly release or update the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn the conference over to the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors, Angel Martinez. Please go ahead, sir.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thanks, operator, and welcome to everyone joining us today. With me on the call is Zohar Ziv, Chief Operating Officer; and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. We believe that great brands endure through periods of adversity, and that's what we witnessed as 2012 came to a close. When consumers eventually came out and shopped, albeit later than anticipated, it was clear to us, based on the sales results, that the desirability of the UGG brand has now waned despite some of the recent challenges facing the business. And we believe that it is still strong and in demand. Beyond the results, there were other highlights from the fourth quarter that speak to the health and relevance of the UGG brand and give us added confidence about the future. They include the UGG brand being the #1 searched item -- searched term online during the 2012 shopping season, beating out popular brands such as Apple's iPad and Kindle's Fire, and our eCommerce orders increasing 33% during the 4-day period following Thanksgiving that is book-ended by Black Friday and Cyber Monday, the biggest shopping days of the year. These metrics support the findings from our marketing study earlier in the year that indicated intensive purchase and brand interest increased meaningfully from our inaugural study that was run in 2010. The strength exhibited by the UGG brand is encouraging, given the number of significant challenges that we faced in 2012. To recap, we experienced increased cost pressures from a dramatic spike in sheepskin prices, we battled macroeconomic headwinds in Europe and dealt with another year of record-warm temperatures. With all these challenges, we still grew overall sales for 2012 and generated respectable earnings and margins, especially when you take into account the increased sheepskin cost, which alone created approximately 450 basis points of gross margin pressure, which was worth approximately $1.19 in diluted EPS. Starting with the UGG brand U.S. wholesale, sales were softer than expected as a result of higher-than-expected cancellations. All in all though, we are pleased with the brand's domestic wholesale performance in light of a second consecutive warm winter. While warm temperatures did impact early demand for the core classic and cold weather boots, which drove the cancellations that I mentioned, sell-through accelerated as December progressed and the weather got colder. Meanwhile, sales of our slippers, specialty classics and casuals delivered consistently solid weekly sell-through throughout the quarter. With regard to classics, it has become more evident that as a greater percentage of sales are generated outside the moderate year round climate of California, particularly in the Northeast, that weather is playing a larger role in sales trends. This is important to understand for 2 reasons: First, it reinforces our belief that the recent change in the brand's growth profile has been driven by external factors, namely weather and higher price points from the increase in sheepskin cost, and isn't reflective of consumer sentiment; second, going forward, we believe it's likely that an even higher percentage of classic and cold-weather product sales are going to be concentrated in the fourth quarter. We are adjusting our supply chain resources accordingly, while also introducing new fall products for the transitional period between summer and the holiday selling season. In terms of our International business, in Europe, the UGG brand's performance varied noticeably between the U.K. and our direct and distributor businesses on the continent. Our U.K. business was driven by several strategic changes, including an improved distribution network and enhanced in-store and out-of-store marketing programs, which led to an increase in reorders, helping deliver a fourth quarter sales gain for our U.K. wholesale business. Our recent results, which included significantly less promotional activity, are an encouraging sign for the UGG brand in the U.K. and extremely rewarding given the effort that went into restructuring this business following the challenging situation that we encountered after taking back the distribution in early 2011. We now plan to focus on improving our wholly owned operations in Benelux and distributor business elsewhere in Europe, both of which suffered from excess carryover inventory in the channel, following last year's mild winter and difficult macroeconomic conditions in the region. Turning to Asia wholesale. Our UGG brand closed out a solid year in Japan, fueled by a broader product offering with key accounts. This was offset by declines in distributor sales as a result of the transition to a new distributor in Korea and later deliveries of spring product across the region versus a year ago. Now to our retail division, which posted fourth quarter sales of $135 million, an increase of 37% from a year ago, driven by 30 new stores, partially offset by a low single-digit comp store sales decline. Comps came in favorably versus our outlook for a low double-digit decline with Japan and U.S. outperforming expectations. Please keep in mind, our comp store base is still small especially in the International regions, and therefore, this comparison may not necessarily be indicative of the global retail performance. U.S. same-store sales were flat on top of an 11% increase a year ago. Like many retailers, we experienced soft traffic patterns during much of the fourth quarter. Despite this, sell-through of slippers, specialty classics and men's products were solid, with late season demand for classics helping reverse early declines. At year end, we had 26 U.S. locations, 18 of which are in the comp base. Japan retail store performance improved to an improved inventory assortment -- due to an improved inventory assortment versus a year ago and a positive consumer response to new merchandise offerings, particularly men's and kids' footwear and accessories. We ended 2012 with 14 stores in Japan, up from 10 a year ago, of which 7 are in the comp base. Japan comp store sales increased in the high teens. Total retail sales in Europe benefited from the addition of new concept stores, including our first 2 stores in Paris, several in and around London, such as Piccadilly, Knightsbridge and Richmond, as well as new outlets in Liverpool and Portsmouth. While fourth quarter comps were down double digits due primarily to the redistribution of traffic from new store openings in London, our European retail, in total, generated strong profit gains. At the end of the year, we had 11 locations in the U.K. and the 2 new stores in France. Of these, 4 are in the comp base. Finally in China, comp trends were similar to Q3, down mid-teens, as we continue to see consumers migrate to our newer stores due to their locations and accessibility to many of the large suburbs around Beijing and Shanghai. Total retail sales increased 62%, driven by the 9 new stores we opened since the end of last year, which in aggregate are performing above expectations. We currently have 20 stores in China, 6 of which are in the Q4 comp base. For all stores opened at least 12 months at December 31, 2012, average sales per square foot was $1,600. This figure compares to sales of approximately $1,700 a square foot for the trailing 12 months ended September, with the difference driven by the addition of our Canadian location as well as several China stores and countries where our store productivity levels are below the company average. Total square footage at the end of 2012 was approximately 210,000 square feet compared to roughly 130,000 square feet at the end of 2011, representing an increase of about 62%. As you'll be able to compute, new stores are generating sales per square foot below our original or early fleet of stores. New store productivity is still very high, in the neighborhood of $1,000 to $1,200 per square foot on an annual basis. This is how we are modeling new stores going forward along with a 4-wall operating margin in the mid-20s versus mid-30s for the earlier stores. The average new store investment is still around $1 million with a payback that is in line with our historical performance of one year. In terms of our eCommerce channel, the UGG brand's eCommerce business increased 30% in the fourth quarter from a combination of positive developments. These included increased traffic on our existing websites in the U.S., the U.K. and Japan, higher conversions on classic and fashion products, an increase in mobile sales and the addition of 2 new sites, one servicing the Benelux in France and another covering the rest of the European Union. This channel was our most consistent in 2012, particularly in the second half when weather in specific regions was a big factor in sell-through in our stores and wholesale accounts. With advancements in technology reshaping the way the consumer shops, along with our focus on reducing the impact of weather on sales, we are implementing several new initiatives, which I'll detail later, to capitalize on the current momentum and increase the penetration of eCommerce in 2013. Quickly touching on our other brands. The Sanuk brand had a very strong fourth quarter, with sales up 39% versus a year ago, led by marked success in a number of key national accounts. The acceptance of the Sanuk brand expanded collection of cold-weather shoes -- colder-weather shoes rather, and boots was very positive, while at the same time, consumer demand for Sidewalk Surfers and Sandals, particularly in the warmer regions of the U.S., remained robust. These trends are mirrored on our own website, sanuk.com, which finished the year well above expectation, driven by all categories and gender-specific products. For the Teva brand, there were a number of factors that negatively impacted the brand's fourth quarter performance. The biggest being the difficult comparison with a year ago, when we shipped a large amount of core [ph] sandals ahead of scheduled price increases in January 2012. These early shipments accounted for nearly 90% of the decline in Teva brand's Q4 domestic business. The bottom line is we did not experience the reorder business we'd expect given the solid sell-through of Teva brand collections. We believe consumer demand is there, but in light of the softness in the outdoor industry, retailers have no appetite for additional inventory. And before I turn it over to Tom, I'd like to emphasize that while I was not pleased with our results in this challenging year, I am satisfied with the significant progress that we made at the company this year, improving our product lines, refining our operational capabilities and focusing our management teams on the significant growth opportunities that lie ahead of us. While it was a challenging year, we have stronger brands, stronger people and a stronger foundation for growth. Tom will now review the numbers and outline our guidance.
Thomas A. George: Thanks, Angel. Today's earnings release contains a good amount of detail about our fourth quarter sales performance, plus Angel has covered each brand channel and geography pretty thoroughly; therefore, I'm going to limit my discussion primarily to gross margins, operating expenses, the balance sheet and guidance. Gross margin for the fourth quarter was 46.3% compared to 51% in the fourth quarter last year, slightly lower than our expectations. The 470 basis point decline is primarily attributable to an increase in product cost for the UGG brand relative to -- product costs for the UGG brand and relative to expectations of a gross margin approximately 47%, the small decline is due to increased closeouts, markdowns, as well as product mix. Total SG&A expense for the quarter was $141.9 million or 23% of net sales compared to $131 million or 21.7% of net sales a year ago. The dollar increase versus a year ago was mainly due to $12.2 million of additional expense related to our retail operations, most of which is for the 30 new retail stores that were not opened during the fourth quarter last year, as well as increases in marketing and eCommerce expenses, partially offset by lower performance-based compensation, lower legal expenses and the positive impact from foreign exchange rate fluctuations. SG&A expenses were below our projections, primarily due to savings in retail and Sanuk expenses. Operating income for the fourth quarter was $144.1 million compared to $176.8 million last year. The decline reflects the reduced gross profit as well as increased operating expenses. We recorded income tax expense of $43.3 million in the fourth quarter for an effective tax rate of 31%. Fourth quarter diluted earnings per share of $2.77 compared to $3.18 a year ago and exceeded projections. We achieved our EPS projections despite the sales shortfall due to lower-than-projected operating expenses and a lower outstanding share count as a result of our repurchase activity. During the fourth quarter, we bought approximately 932,000 shares of our common stock at an average price of $38.64 per share for a total of $36 million. These purchases were funded using our cash position and borrowings from our credit facility. For the full year, we repurchased 4,514,000 shares at an average price of $48.89 per share for a total of $221 million. At the end of 2012, we have $79 million remaining on the $200 million authorization announced in July. Turning to the balance sheet. At December 31, 2012, inventory increased 18.5% to $300.2 million from $253.3 million at December 31, 2011. By brand, compared to December 31, 2011, UGG brand inventory increased $46.5 million or 23% to $248.3 million. Teva brand inventory decreased $1.4 million to $27.8 million. Inventory for the Sanuk brand decreased $1.6 million to $14.5 million, and our other brands inventory increased $3.4 million to $9.6 million. I'd like to provide more detail regarding the comfort quality of the UGG brand inventory. At December 31, 2012, in-line carryover products represented approximately 80% or $200 million of the UGG brand inventory. The remaining $48 million is inventory available for our outlets or the closeout channel, and we believe has been valued appropriately. This number has been included in our forward margin guidance. Regarding orders for inline and carryover product, as of December 31, we had orders for approximately 60% or $120 million in inventory. Although it is still early in the fall 2013 prebooking process, nevertheless, when complete, we expect a significant amount of the remaining $80 million of in-line products to be prebooked for 2013, with the balance available for our retail stores and eCommerce business, which combined has grown to over 25% of our business. Regarding the approximate $47 million year-over-year increase in total inventories for all brands, approximately $16 million is due to higher unit costs and $10 million is due to 30 more retail stores compared to a year ago. At December 31, 2012, our cash and cash equivalents were $110.2 million compared to $263.6 million at December 31, 2011. At December 31, 2012, we had $33 million in outstanding borrowings under our recently expanded credit facility compared to 0 at December 31, 2011, and $275 million at September 30, 2012. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents and the increase in borrowings year-over-year are attributable to $220.7 million of stock repurchases over the past year and $61.6 million of cash payments for capital assets, which includes $34 million for retail expansion, $11.6 million for the new headquarter's facility, $7 million for IT infrastructure maintenance, as well as other expenditures, offset in part by cash provided by operations. Now moving to our outlook, based on current visibility, we expect 2013 revenues to increase approximately 7% over 2012 levels. For the full year, we expect UGG brand sales to increase by approximately 4%, Teva brand sales to increase by approximately 6% and Sanuk brand sales to increase by approximately 15%. Our other brands combined are expected to be approximately $40 million. While we continue to strategically address the impact of weather conditions on our business, our top line guidance assumes another mild winter, similar to the one we just had, as well as for the UGG brand, a similar amount of reorders and cancellations as we experienced in 2012. At December 31, 2012, our backlog was $323 million, down 17% from $387 million at December 31, 2011. The decline is primarily attributable to lower pre-bookings for UGG brand domestic wholesale business. We believe the decline is due to the timing of customer orders as customers are starting to be more cautious with the timing and amount of pre-booking due to now 2 years in a row of the inconsistent weather. Thus far, we've been pleased with retailer response to several collections led by specialty classics and slippers. With that said, due to the inconsistency in winter weather and its impact on our retail partners' overall business, we have developed conservative assumptions with regard to the remainder of the booking period, which closes in late April. Looking at our bottom line, we currently expect 2013 diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 5% over 2012 levels. Embedded in this guidance are gross margin assumptions of 46.5% for the full year, the projected 180 basis point improvement over 2012 levels will be driven primarily by lower raw material costs, namely sheepskin. The 11% reduction in our sheepskin price is expected to help gross margins by approximately 150 basis points on an annualized basis, with the entire benefit coming in the second half of the year and mostly in the fourth quarter. 2013 gross margins will also benefit from a greater contribution from our retail division. Our guidance also assumes SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 34%, and the main components of our increased spending are as follows: The full year expense associated with the 30 stores we opened in 2012, and 24 which opened in the second half of the year; costs associated with approximately 30 new stores we plan to open in 2013. We will also make additional investments in marketing our Asia wholesale and retail infrastructure that we believe are important to the long-term development and growth of the company. Our capital expenditures in 2013 are expected to total approximately $85 million, with $30 million for the corporate facility and the balance of $15 million (sic) [$55 million] for retail stores, IT and other maintenance. Capital expenses for 2012 were $62 million including approximately $12 million for the new headquarters. We're still planning to refinance our new corporate headquarters by securing longer-term financing. For the first quarter of 2013, we currently expect revenues to be flat compared to the first quarter of 2012 and a diluted loss per share of approximately $0.12 per share. As a reminder, a significant amount of our operating expenses is fixed and spread evenly on an absolute dollar basis throughout each quarter. This includes the costs associated with the 24 new stores that were not open until the second half of 2012. Therefore, due to the aforementioned increases in SG&A, we expect our earnings to decline in the first half of 2013 as compared to the first half of 2012, which are typically our lowest volume sales quarters, and we expect our earnings to increase over 2012 in the back half of the year. More specifically, we expect the Q2 loss to be close to double last year's loss, and with regard to back half earnings based on the growing contribution of retail, we expect an even greater percentage of second half earnings to come from Q4. I will now turn the call back over to Angel.
Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Tom. Well, as you've heard, there were several aspects of our fourth quarter performance that we believe demonstrate the vitality of the UGG brand and bolster our confidence about the future. With that said, some of the challenges we faced in 2012 have not fully abated, namely uncertainty around the weather and timing of an economic recovery in Europe. Mindful of these obstacles, we plan to make strategic investments during 2013 in the areas of the business we think are critical to the ongoing development of our brands and channels, while at the same time, mitigate risk from the external factors beyond our control. Let me outline our business plan for the coming year. From a product perspective, I think I've touched on several of the initiatives, but here are the priorities: introduce more transitional UGG brand product to drive excitement and demand during historically slow retail period between back-to-school and Thanksgiving; leverage the popularity of classics to attract new consumers via a broader selection of specialty classics and classic derivatives; improve the accessibility of UGG brand's fashion boots through more attractive opening price points; expand our men's and kids' businesses; reduce our dependence on sheepskin by further enhancing proprietary supply chain technologies and other initiatives, which I will discuss momentarily; develop more regional-specific product; and continue to evolve the Teva and Sanuk brand into year-round businesses. In terms of distribution, we are taking a harder look at the wholesale channel with a long-term view of possibly narrowing the UGG brand's domestic account base. At the same time, we're moving forward with expanding our global retail footprint in 2013 as our stores generated significant profitability in 2012 and on average, pay back in approximately 1 year. At this point, we have signed leases for 7 locations, 2 in Asia and 5 in the U.S. This includes our first company-owned Sanuk brand store, which is scheduled to open in Santa Monica in April of 2013. We're currently in negotiations with additional stores -- for additional stores and have a sufficient pipeline to open stores approximately equal to the 30 we opened in 2012. With the addition of Dave Powers, we have gained important insights and identified opportunities in store operations and merchandising that we'll be applying to the business. These include smaller-format stores that carry lower operating expenses and are less expensive to build out. Within the stores, we are focused on telling better stories around the product lines, using enhanced visual merchandising, increasing the number of store exclusives and maintaining better inventory assortments of key styles. We're also redeveloping our outlet strategy to take better advantage of these highly profitable locations. For eCommerce, we're investing in mobile capabilities, elevating our CRM program, enabling some Omni-channel tactics, such as pickup in store. We're developing product customization, which we'll plan to activate this year. And finally, we plan to launch our site in China this summer and are continuing to evaluate new market opportunities in Europe and Asia. Investments in marketing are also a priority, with a targeted spend as a percent of sales consistent with 2012. We continue to shift a higher percentage of resources toward digital programs and away from print in an effort to enhance our direct connection with consumers and increase our return on investment. In the international markets, we've made initial progress fine-tuning our brand message, but there's still work to be done improving our marketing insight and capabilities to ensure each program and campaign is resonating with consumers in our different geographic regions. In the past year, we've gathered some important consumer insights, particularly in China, which will be helpful in shaping our product and marketing strategies going forward. In terms of personnel, there are some key positions that need to be filled in 2013, primarily in the Asia region, as well as our global direct-to-consumer operations. Based on current momentum and the near and medium term opportunities we believe exist in Asia, we're allocating more international resources to Asia versus Europe this year. With regard to our supply chain, we're very excited about a new proprietary process developed over the last 2 years that we believe could have meaningful impact on future sales and margins. Our innovation team was asked -- was tasked with exploring and developing alternative materials that had to enhance the consumer experience while also helping us mitigate the unpredictability of material costs. The result of the innovation team's effort is UGG Pure, a pure wool material with improved feel and consistency which will first be used in linings and some footbeds this year. With UGG Pure, we expect we'll be able to lower our product cost and pursue profitable new growth opportunities, some of which were previously not economically viable. UGG Pure gives us another important key to further unlock the lifestyle nature of the UGG brand well beyond footwear. Last and most importantly, we continue to monitor and adjust our UGG brand inventory commitments, which will reduce our working capital requirements, thereby freeing up cash. We expect to have inventory levels more in line with our back half 2013 sales forecast by the end of the second quarter when they're projected to be down versus the same date last year and flat with the end of 2012. The ultimate level will depend on certain factors, particularly how our new transitional product pre-books, as these styles will need to come in by the second quarter for delivery in Q3. I want to close by acknowledging the effort put forward by this organization in 2012. For our business to persevere through such a challenging operating environment is a testament to the strength of our people and their commitment to our consumers and our shareholders. Thank you to everyone for your continued support. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We'll go first to Randy Konik with Jefferies.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I guess the question is for Tom. Tom, you gave a very interesting statement regarding your top line assumptions for 2013, you said that 7% outlook growth includes a similar winter kind of assumption to this year. Now to clarify, does that kind of incorporate similar amounts of closeouts, similar amounts of at-once, pre-book, et cetera. How should we be thinking about that there, because the way it kind of looks to me is that the probability would increase in year 3 that the winter should theoretically could get better. And then second, we have almost like a car analogy here, where almost women haven't been buying UGGs for 2 years, so the replacement cycle could actually get better in year 3 here. So just trying to get a level of what should we be thinking in that similar winter comment regarding the top line, how should we be thinking about that? That's my first question, and then I have a follow-up.
Thomas A. George: Okay. Randy, what we've assumed in the guidance, we're pretty cautious here in light of the uncertainty around the weather. So we really assumed minimal reorders similar to what we experienced in 2012, i.e. minimal reorders, and we've assumed similar cancellations that we received in 2012. And we received a fair amount of cancellations, relatively large amount relative to our historical pattern for cancellations. So that's the assumptions that we put into it. At this point in time, where we're at in the pre-booking process, we wanted to make sure we were cautious on our domestic wholesale business, and the...
Angel R. Martinez: This is Angel. I think the replenishment component is something to keep in mind. We are the #1 in terms of footwear gifted item at the holidays. And as we saw with the onset of colder weather, people did rush out to replace some of the UGG products, primarily it was a lot of slippers and a lot of the new styles, some of the classic products. As a matter of fact, in The Daily Beast today, I just saw this, there was an article on the resurgence of UGG classic. So that's -- I always wonder where we went, I don't think that we went away, but people are rediscovering it. So that bodes well. It's just still right now, consumers are challenged by the multiple opportunities they have to buy product, not just in retail environments, wholesale environments obviously, but in online, et cetera. So we're sort of trying to evaluate all of that stuff in our assumptions.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: No, that's fair. It does feel like the visibility and predictability at least are starting to come a little bit more into focus here. I guess, so my follow-up question would be definitely around the comp store sales number. So if we look at the comp in the third -- in the fourth quarter, down 3-ish, versus the third quarter, down 13, would you argue that, that because it's the holiday quarter that speaks to kind of that strength of the brand, I mean, what did you see in the quarter that -- did it progress towards the -- up about until Christmas, or how did the comps in the quarter kind of play out, because it was a big beat versus expectations. I'm just curious there, your thoughts.
Angel R. Martinez: I think first of all, weather was a key factor. I think certainly in the back half of December, the weather did, well, improved to what we call UGG weather, it was a big, significant factor. I think consumers are putting off their purchasing to, as we've said, beginning last year even, buy now, wear now. They're just developing a habit of buying closer to the market, which is I think part of why we've made the decision that -- our expectation is that we're going to see more of our business weighted towards the fourth quarter than we had seen in the past. And I think that this is also a component of the Omni-channel strategy that seems to be emerging in so many different manifestations. I mean we -- it's still hard to understand the full impact of Omni-channel on consumer behavior, on the impact to conventional wholesale customers. Consumers want what they want, and they want it now, and they want it in every easy way they can get it. So that has a ripple effect on a lot of assumptions and a lot of investments that people make in terms of inventory levels, et cetera. So this is all still shaking out, and we're being cautious, but I think we have our eyes open and we're doing -- we're working very, very hard to project the impact of what I would almost call a revolutionary change in the wholesale environment and consumer behavior around Omni-channel.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Tom, can you just hear this question, just a clerical question. The headquarter CapEx that you're guiding for in 2013, are we to assume that there's no headquarter CapEx in 2014?
Thomas A. George: Yes, and let me also clarify something. On the 2013 CapEx of $85 million, $30 million of it is for the facility, and I think I misspoke and I said $15 million for everything else. It's really $55 million for everything else. And you're correct.
Randal J. Konik - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: So $30 million of that could theoretically go, is going to go away in 2014, so improving free cash flow cycle?
Thomas A. George: That's right.
Operator: We'll go next to Bob Drbul with Barclays.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The first question I have, Angel, you mentioned the potential to narrow the account base on the U.S. wholesale business. I was wondering if you could expand on that a little bit, maybe like the magnitude that you think might be necessary? And then the second question that I have is essentially around pricing on the classics. Can you just talk about the pricing strategies heading into '12, both in the U.S. and some of the International businesses on a lot of your marquee styles?
Angel R. Martinez: Sure. Well, first of all, our classic pricing, let me start with that. The classic pricing is something that our researches said consumers have an expectation of quality with the UGG brand that are willing to pay a premium price, but when we push the price beyond a certain point, we start seeing a negative effect, and we saw that last year. We expect that we'll be able with UGG Pure and other improvements in supply chain, in design and development, that we'll be able to hold our price structure now and actually evolve our pricing to fill in -- and our product line to fill in some areas where we're leaving opportunity open to the competition. And that's a worldwide statement. We feel that in markets like China, for example, we are priced quite high, and I think that we're speaking to a very high-end luxury consumer, and there are people out there with knockoff products selling at 20%, 30%, 40% below, driving a very, very big business on the tails of UGG. We feel that, that's an opportunity for the UGG brand, and we're going to be developing product to address that. What was the first question again? I'm sorry.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: The distribution.
Angel R. Martinez: Oh, distribution. I said before that, as the brand has evolved and our men's business, our kids' business, our year-round business, it requires a commitment of inventory, it requires a commitment on the brand by a retailer. And where we get those commitments and we see that kind of support for the brand, we have partners for life, if you will. However, there are some environments where we don't -- we're not happy with the brand presentation, we're not happy with the support for the year-round elements of the business and the support for the men's product, so we have to reevaluate whether or not those are long-term participants in the brand success going forward. Consumers today expect a full brand experience when they have a brand they love like UGG. They don't want to see a piecemeal representation and a brand that gets cherrypicked and put out there at retail. So we're taking a very hard look at that. It's a very important part of what we'll be doing. When you walk in to an Apple retail, you expect to see a full array of Apple products, you expect to see all the new stuff, you expect to see it celebrated in the presentation, and that's what we'll have with the UGG brand.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Great. If I can just have one more question. The share repurchase was pretty solid. Could you maybe give us an update on the board's perspective or the company's perspective on the capital structure and the willingness to sort of take on significant debt or any level of debt to continue the repurchase authorization?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, Bob, I think that the board is open to being more flexible from a capital structure point of view and in incurring some debt. That being said, we're cautious about the business and don't want to incur too much debt. There's obviously the seasonality in the business, the third quarter especially, there's a large consumption of working capital, thereby some good size draws on our working capital line. So I think net-net, there's sort of a general trend of being more open to some borrowing related to the share repurchase. That being said, we see a lot of opportunity within our own business to continue to reinvest in our own business vis-à-vis repurchasing stock. I think the last 12 months when we repurchased $221 million of stock, that, I think, that sends a strong message about our confidence in the business itself.
Operator: And we'll go next to Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Angel, I have a question for you on the marketing spend as you think about 2013, what mediums and regions will you be weighting your investment toward, and how should we think about the new customer acquisition and then revenue growth prospects from some of these marketing initiatives? And then I have a quick follow-up for Tom.
Angel R. Martinez: Sure. Well, I mentioned Omni-channel earlier, and it's pretty clear that, that is becoming the driver of marketing strategy. The ability to have a relationship one-on-one with the consumer today, intersect that consumer in every way they care to shop and they care to access your brand is really critical. And it's global, that's not just the U.S., that's what's happening all over the world. So it really requires us to reallocate our marketing expenses in a way that puts us where we need to be over the course of the next few years so that we're not missing that opportunity to offer all of our brands, offer consumers access, the way they want them, when they want them. This is, as I mentioned, a revolutionary moment, I think. I think that we're still -- all of us, I mean everyone in the industry and I think all of retail is still assessing the impact. I think it has broad implications for how retailers sell product in the future, how brands put their products out there. And the idea of running magazine ads like we used to run. It's like the old adage, 50% of it works, I just don't know which 50%, that's been way obsoleted now, because we can run digital advertising, digital marketing, and we can tell you precisely that day how well that performed and where and to what extent it was a good investment. So we're orienting ourselves toward this future, and that's what's happening.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, that's very helpful. And then, Tom, just a quick clarification on the guidance, I just want to make sure I heard it correctly. For the first quarter, loss per share is about $0.12 and you said the second quarter loss about 2x of what it was last year. Was that correct?
Thomas A. George: That's right.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, so then I guess the implicit guidance for the back half would be somewhere in the kind of mid-20% year-over-year growth rate. So maybe just tell us from the visibility that you have here, kind of help us appreciate the re-acceleration of growth in the second half. Is part of this kind of tied to the higher retail weighting in that second part of the year due to the closer [ph] of the new store openings? And then what are some of the other catalysts? Is it replenishments, like Randy spoke to earlier, some of the other things that you're seeing at this point?
Thomas A. George: I think the biggest drivers, you hit on it, the retail stores will have another fourth quarter. And just a point of reference, in the fourth quarter, the typical retail store does about half of its annual revenues and does about 3/4 of its annual operating profit, all in the fourth quarter. So this year's fourth quarter will have another year of the openings we had in 2012, and then we'll have another 30 stores. So that's the big catalyst, as well as we have some more eCommerce business expected over the course of the year. It's really driven in the back half, and a lot of that is driven by some new initiatives in eCommerce, as well as our International eCommerce site. And then Sanuk and Teva have some growth in the back half of the year, especially the fourth quarter, with Teva it's more closed toe footwear, and Sanuk, it's more of a rounded out fall line.
Operator: And we'll go next to Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Angel, could you maybe give us a little bit more color or insight into some of the interesting comments you made at the end about this Pure product? You also made some comments about bolstering kind of your transitional product offerings, we're hearing more and more from some of the cold weather sensitive brands out there, given with changing weather patterns and retail order patternings, hearing more and more about an emphasis on transitional products. Are the 2 related, or maybe address them separately?
Angel R. Martinez: I think as we look long-term, yes, they are related in the sense that transitional product is at lower price point, generally speaking. It's not the twin-faced sheepskin product that classic is and classic predominates in the fourth quarter. So we already know, because of our success with extensions of our moccasin program, for example, and a variety of other stuff that we've done, the consumers are amenable to it. We have really kind of been tiptoeing around it. We really didn't have the capability, given the sheepskin pricing issue, to address the breadth of price points that are required in order for us to fully exploit the development of that kind of a product line. UGG Pure allows us to have a lot more flexibility. It is in every way superior to the current feel of our product. It's -- good as our products feel, we feel we've hit on something even better, and consumer testing has already demonstrated that it is preferred to a significant level in terms of its suppleness, its softness, et cetera. So there are some things and you'll see them in the lines, in the footbeds or sock liners, as we say, and use sort of minimally as we've been ramping up on this new material approach. It's pretty exciting because it does give us less of a dependence on the availability of sheepskin in the global market. So that's not to say we won't be continuing to create product using the conventional material, it just means that we'll be far less dependent on the sheepskin, the twin-faced, that we've been using. And the other thing that it does is that it gives us the chance to explore some lifestyle products and home products, which we've been dabbling in that. But again, the same reason that we haven't pursued it more aggressively, when we would create these products, we'd find ourselves almost priced out of the real volume opportunities, still a quality premium [ph] level, but our prices were too high. This now allows us to fully evolve that whole idea, and we're pretty excited about that.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And then a quick question on SG&A. I think you got it to 34 range this year, up a bit from last year. And then not that too long ago, you guys were at the 25%-ish type rate, mid-20s-ish rate. Great to see you guys ramping up the investment in brand, and management team and infrastructure and framework. How do you think about it long term? Is that kind of a level that seems -- that feels right to you relative to sales, or do you see enough significant opportunities out there where you're going to continue to aggressively invest and maybe continue to delever a little bit?
Thomas A. George: I think when you think about SG&A long term, you sort of also need to look what the gross margin may look at long term. I mean, with the increase in the direct-to-consumer and some of these other initiatives around input costs, I think there's opportunity to expand gross margins, obviously, above our current level. That being said, we need to be able to invest to drive the growth, and I think we need to, on a longer-term basis, look at the company more similar to other [ph] multibillion global multichannel brands, and when you sort of net out there, you net out to a new view on operating margins more in the mid-teens on a longer-term basis on a much larger company.
Operator: And we'll go next to Taposh Bari with Goldman Sachs.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I guess I just wanted to start on same-store sales. So Tom, do you mind giving us some clarity as to what your assumptions are for same-store sales for both the full year and first quarter guidance?
Thomas A. George: Yes, for the full year, we've, again, we want to be cautious there, and we're looking at full year total company same-store sales assumption relatively flat and sort of embedded in that is some improvement in China and U.K., still some work to be done there, but at least we started to identify some of the issues there. So that's that. In the first quarter, another thing on the full year number is Japan, some tough comparisons there in some of these newer stores going to the base. So we don't expect same-store sales in Japan to continue at the high clip they've been. So that's the full year number, flattish. The first quarter we expect some modest kind of growth in the first quarter, but still relatively small in the first quarter as well.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then Angel, I just wanted to ask you more of a high-level question, obviously, you had a very, very difficult 12-month period that you're coming out of. Looking back, there obviously have been some pretty nasty macro headwinds, including sheepskin, weather, Europe. Anything company-specific strategically that you think you could have done differently looking back in retrospect?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we could have invested in better weather predicting. We have for quite a while, as I mentioned in my comments, for the last 2 years, we've been working on this innovation of UGG Pure. It's not something that we have been shy about. I mean, we put a lot of resources against this. It's been an important thing -- I kind of wish we would have been even more aggressive there because it has proven to be validated as a very important thing going forward. Now if I have known it would all have come together, I really would have been even harder driving against that. So, I guess, I would also say that this transitional product that we're now doing, I would have liked to have begun that process earlier. But in a sense, it's very difficult when we knew what our -- what the known components of pricing and raw material costs were what they were a year ago, UGG Pure has still not fully evolved. And so it was even hard then to get as aggressive about the development of the transitional product. And so -- but innovation is a key to our success in the future, and this is really -- how hard we push on innovation is something that I've learned we need to push even harder. I mean, I think we need to get the entire organization focused on innovative ideas in every single component of our business. And I think that, frankly, with all of those things that went down in 2012, the first few months, we were a little shellshocked. We kept sort of saying to ourselves this really can't all be happening at the same time. And we were caught perhaps a little bit flatfooted. Well that's not true right now, I tell you that. We're in full sprint mode, and I think that's the major lesson learned.
Taposh Bari - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to sneak in one more if I can. For the first quarter guidance, flat revenue growth, that seems [indiscernible] you're going to have 30 more stores year-over-year, so I'm just trying to understand where the gap lies because it just seems like a very low number.
Thomas A. George: Yes, again, I mentioned sort of a modest view on comp. We do have 30 more stores. At the same time, our wholesale business is under pressure in the first quarter compared to the year-ago quarter, albeit last year was a difficult winter in January and most of February. We still had more classic boot kind of sales the first couple of months of last year than we've been experiencing this year.
Angel R. Martinez: Also there's one other thing that comes to mind when you asked that question, what would we have done differently? I don't think looking back, that we would have pushed our suggested retail prices in line with our increases in material cost. We were trying to protect our bottom line, and I think it cost us, and I think that's a lesson learned. I think in the end, and it's something we've always said, but it's hard under fire to hold to it. The consumer rules, the consumer wants what they want, and you have to be super careful not to go beyond a point where consumers feel that you've overstepped the boundary, and we really -- we knew that, we were conscious of that, but at the same -- I wanted to satisfy all of you guys, all of our shareholders, and I think we got caught a little bit there. So I think that's a lesson learned going forward.
Operator: We'll go next to Mitch Kummetz with Robert W. Baird.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Let me start. I just want to get some clarification on the backlog. I think you guys said it was down 17%. I didn't hear as of what date that was. So if you can remind me of that. Could you also say what percentage of your fall pre-book is actually captured in that backlog number? And then you mentioned that you'll take orders over the next couple of months, can you say kind of what sort of projection on the overall fall pre-book is baked into your guidance for the year?
Thomas A. George: Yes, Mitch, it's Tom. The backlog numbers I talked about were as of the end of December 31, early in the prebooking process, and the other thing we've seen this year, like I mentioned on the call, is it seemed to be that the customers are viewing the product and ordering the product later than we saw last year. And last year, by the end of December, we had a good amount of customers still, although early, that already viewed, written some of the products. On the pre-book, still early. We're pleased we have some of the products been booking. The booking, the prebooking process goes through the end of April. So we've got a good amount of it, and we feel we've taken a cautious look in terms of where the pre-book is going to end by the end of April when we've developed our guidance.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So just to follow up on that, so where -- either can you tell me where you think it will end, or could you at least say sort of what is your wholesale outlook embedded in your guidance? Obviously, you guys are opening up stores, you expect some good growth from that, your eCommerce business is trending very well, but it sounds like the wholesale has been a bit weak, the backlog is a bit weak, maybe we'll see that pick up with some later ordering. But if you could either say kind of what's baked in on the wholesale side for your 2013 guidance, particularly in UGG?
Thomas A. George: Yes, I think the wholesale guidance, again, being cautious here with all the other assumptions I laid out, for UGG, for the total year, we're assuming at this point in time, the wholesale guidance could be down mid- to high-single digits.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then my second question. On this UGG Pure, is there any way you can say like what percentage of your COGS you think that will represent for the year, and what kind of impact does that have from a gross margin standpoint in terms of kind of that 150 basis point? I mean, is that on top of the 150 basis points that you're just benefiting from lower sheepskin cost or is it just kind of embedded in that, or how should we think about the impact of UGG Pure from a margin standpoint on this year's numbers?
Zohar Ziv: Mitch, this is Zohar. I'll take the first part about the usage of that. Right now, we are using it at lining and socks material, and it's a significant amount of the usage that we've had. That can be about 1/4 of what we're using, but we're not using the whole thing at this time, and as we continue to develop the product, you'll see a greater usage of the UGG Pure in our product.
Thomas A. George: And Mitch, the 150 basis points I talked about of improvement in the margin related to sheepskin, that does include -- a portion of the 150% is related to UGG Pure, albeit we're at the early stages of that really.
Operator: We'll go next to Scott Krasik with BB&T Capital Markets.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Angel, you talked about transition product. What sort of reception have you seen specifically to the transition product in your bookings? Are customers interested in you guys playing a big role now in August through October in non-classic product? That's my first question.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, I'd say yes. The transitional product -- and we're just not calling that, that's like a working name. But the casual product that we have been showing has booked extremely well. I mean, it's booked extremely well for Q3. So we really feel like we've got momentum there. We've also had ballerinas doing very well, the driving mocs, our "smoking slippers", those are all transitional products, and they're not sheepskin-dependent per se, they have sheepskin touches. But they have been well received. We have had as well, excellent sell-through on those products this fall when we introduced them in a more complete assortment than we had in the past. So I think that really bodes well for the retailer and the consumer reception to this idea.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And then -- okay. And then you alluded to the fact that the retail stores you're opening now run at a little bit lower productivity in them and the returns are a little bit lower. Is that a function of where you've opened these stores as you maybe as Europe improves on a macro basis or you have some better brand recognition in Asia. Could it get better? And if it is at these levels, does it makes sense to keep opening stores the way you expect to?
Thomas A. George: Yes, Scott, this is Tom. I mean a good amount of it, there's obviously a lot of different dynamics, depending on what region you talk about. But our first class of stores, so to speak, the first 48, are just great locations and are very productive. So in terms of, does it make sense to open more stores? I mean, look at those even with the productivity below the best -- the freshmen class, so to speak, they're great returns, great, great operating margins, great returns on capital with those 1-year paybacks. So that, coupled with some of the earlier trends we're seeing out in the marketplace wholesale versus retail that Angel talked about, it makes a lot of sense to do this.
Angel R. Martinez: And also keep in mind that the stores we've got in Asia have been pretty much located in what you might call luxury environments. These are really premium malls. The neighbors are high-end neighbors, if you will. The consumer is now evolving, the middle is coming up. The consumer for -- and more malls are developing that cater to what you might call upper middle-class or solid middle-class people in Asia, particularly China. And so we have opportunity to expand beyond the luxury locations that we've been in, which is fine for -- those have been great for brand positioning and image. But I think that we have now got an opportunity to access more consumers, just a lot more consumers, for whom the brand, and in China, it's called U-G-G, that's how they refer to it, UGG is considered a premium high-end brand, high-quality. So our goal really has to be to make sure that we're merchandising product line appropriately for the Asian consumer, and not even Asian, for the Chinese versus the Korean versus the Japanese, and also making sure that we're hitting the price points we need to hit because this is really a critical component of our growth going forward.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay, no, that's great. Just if I could sneak one here. Is the material something that you could put into [indiscernible] for outlet product? Is it that similar to a sheepskin that you could use it to change the margin structure across the board?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, I'm not going to speculate on exactly where we -- what class of product we put it in. I would just say that it's, as a material, it is softer, it is more consistent. And the perception is it's higher quality than even the natural stuff that's out there, which as much as we select for the best hides, a lot of the shearling material itself feels a little coarse by comparison. So this is a significant enhancement to our product consistency.
Operator: And we'll go next to Corinna Freedman with Wedbush Securities.
Corinna L. Freedman - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask about the longer-term plan for 2016 to get that additional $1 billion. Does the lower retail productivity change your thinking there? Does the reduction in the wholesale base change your thinking there? If there's any update you can give us on that 2016 plan?
Angel R. Martinez: With the innovation we talked about with UGG Pure and some of the recent learnings we have in our retail business, especially in Asia, we're, at this point in time, we're sort of going through the update process of our longer-term plans. So I really can't comment or update any long-term plans at this point in time, but I will fall back what I said earlier, with these opportunities we see in the UGG Pure innovation and even with the lower productivity, the great returns on capital and great operating margins we see there, albeit we're going to have to invest in the right OpEx and the right infrastructure to be able to grow a global brand, we still -- we obviously still feel there's great opportunities long run, long term.
Corinna L. Freedman - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: And I just have one follow-up question about the NPD POS data that comes out monthly. Is there any -- can you address any inconsistencies that you might be seeing on your side of the business versus what's being reported, and do you expect that to inflect anytime soon?
Angel R. Martinez: So a couple of things to talk about NPD data. It doesn't cover our entire distribution base. Obviously, doesn't cover our retail stores or our eCommerce. Some of their categories blur the lines in terms of where UGG falls and where UGG doesn't fall. I think we've talked about how the sporadic weather, how that's impact weekly sell-through, not only our wholesale channel, but our own retail stores. So I mean it's 1 thing to look at, it's certainly, in our mind, not the most important thing to look at.
Operator: And we'll go next to Eric Tracy with Janney Capital Markets.
Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: I guess, if I could just touch on the supply chain, and given the retailers changing ordering patterns in later, I get the transitional products being layered in, but maybe just speak to the supply chain adjustments that are being made to try to smooth that and again just deal with that change.
Zohar Ziv: Yes, the change we're making is specifically timing of bringing the inventory when it's needed and building that transitional product that Angel was talking about.
Angel R. Martinez: And also just more responsiveness from our suppliers. In other words, being more current with consumer preferences. This is a business historically that was wholesale driven, so we built product for introduction twice a year. We went to trade shows 2x a year. The consumer wants fresh products every 60 days at a minimum, and you have to be much more reactive, and especially when they seem to have access to sort of every presentation of product across the Internet, a fashion thing happens or color happens or a trend, motorcycle boots pop and they pop big and they pop everywhere. So we have to be current, we have to be aggressive, and that's what these changes are going to guarantee.
Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then I guess if I could just follow on this conversation between wholesale, be it retail or just DTC, Angel, as you think about the model longer term, what is the right percentage of the mix, be it domestically or globally? How far do you want to vertically integrate, not alienating the wholesale partner, but even on lower new store productivity, clearly it's a massively accretive sort of move -- to move in that direction. So again, maybe just sort of speak to the longer-term structure.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, I think we will always be quite -- it will always be very important for us to be in a wholesale environment. Right now, and I'll just throw a number out, I wouldn't ever see us less than 50% of our business being wholesale as it's been historically. Now how long before that happens? It's up to the consumer, what they want and whether or not in many cases, we even have the wholesale partners who make the transition to Omni-channel. I think one of the things that I know about the footwear business, it's really important for you to be available in-store with multiple brands. Obviously, in our own environment, it's only going to be UGG. But the true test of competitiveness is when you're in a Nordstrom and you are up against all the other great brands and you perform on that level. That's what's unique about the footwear industry. People go to a store, they want to try on a variety of products, if they're looking for a boot or a loaf or a driving moc, they don't just want to try on yours. So you have to win that battle at retail, it's what I call the last 3 feet. That is always going to be a critical component of success for this company long term. That's a key element of the footwear industry. And so our job is to be in the best environment where the brand is presented consistent with our expectations and the consumer value that is placed on those brands. So wholesale will always be important. It will always be a key component. And frankly, over time, as retailers evolve to the new realities of consumer behavior, the partnership that we have with them is going to be absolutely critical because it's going to be a multi-legged stool. You're going to have the Internet, you're going to have wholesale, you're going to have our own retail. And all 3 things have to work in concert for that consumer to be satisfied. And so it means that we have a lot of collaboration with our customers, and that's why it's so important that we make sure we have wholesale partners that are committed to the same vision for the brands as we are.
Eric B. Tracy - Janney Montgomery Scott LLC, Research Division: Okay. And if I could just sneak in one last sort of near-term question. I'm trying to somewhat reconcile, I guess, the trends you're maybe seeing year-over-year through January and February relative to seemingly much more beneficial weather just being very cold across the country. I guess, still sort of working through the inventory, maybe just speak to what that dynamic is, and again, why maybe the sell-through isn't as strong?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we see -- whenever the weather gets cold, we see very strong performance in our stores and on our Internet sites. It's become just a very precise barometer. It's amazing actually. This wasn't necessarily the case when we were in an environment where, let's say, our business was concentrated in California, and we have cool nights in California, even in the summertime. So our business was pretty stable because people put on UGG in the evenings to go out on a cool evening. Well, it really did change the dynamic for our brand in ways that we began to understand a lot better with the real extreme swings in weather. The real extreme swings in weather sort of highlighted this consumer behavior and really created for us a need to really diversify the product offering and do some things that if the consumer loves UGG, they love it for the comfort, they love it for the quality and the luxury. We want to make sure that there's a version of UGG that they can wear in most weather environments.
Operator: We'll go next to Christian Buss with Credit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you could provide some help with us in understanding what the incremental expenses on the SG&A front are associated with the new store openings, sort of sequentially over the course of the year?
Thomas A. George: Christian, it's Tom. In terms of the year-over-year guided OpEx versus where we were at in 2012, I mean really most of the year-over-year increase is really related to the retail stores, as well as our eCommerce business. That's it, net-net. And with the -- when you're talking about 24 stores that now are opened, the 20 -- excuse me, the 30 that we opened in 2012, they're obviously going to roll in starting the first quarter of this year. And then as we open the roughly 30 more stores in 2013, most of those will be in the fourth quarter. I think another subset of that retail in eCommerce, to give you a little granularity, is our eCommerce business, which is about 10% of the total overall OpEx increase for the year. And there's a fair amount of variability in eCommerce business, and we're looking at some good strength in the eCommerce business world [ph]. So there's -- hopefully that gives you some, you have the typical retail operating expenses or the amortization of the leasehold improvement, the supplies, the labor, those kinds of things.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: So we could be seeing a step up in the incremental SG&A expense year-over-year in the first quarter and through the balance of the year, is that correct?
Thomas A. George: That's right. Yes, because you've got this -- yes.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And then I wanted to ask the guidance for other revenue is for basically a doubling of other revenue year-over-year. Could you talk to me about how you get there?
Thomas A. George: Yes, the biggest drivers in that are the couple brands. Although we see growth in every one of the brands that's in that other category, the biggest growth is in the Ahnu brand, as well as our new brand Hoka. Those are the 2 biggest drivers.
Angel R. Martinez: And just to give you a little color on Hoka. Hoka One One is a running shoe brand that was developed for ultramarathon running. We're talking 50, 100 mile races in the mountains, has tremendous momentum in running specialty, extremely authentic brand. We have been looking for an opportunity in the athletic aspect of footwear, we don't play in that arena. That's the biggest piece of the business when it comes to footwear globally, and we wanted to make sure it was an authentic brand, preferably a running shoe brand. So we're pretty excited about Hoka. It's still young, it's still small, but it's evolving very quickly. They're extraordinary shoes. They really are amazing products.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Will that revenue flow in starting in the first quarter or is that weighted later in the year?
Thomas A. George: On that one particular brand, there's more in the back half than the front half, but it's fairly and fairly even.
Operator: And we'll go next to Howard Tubin with RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Just really quickly, Angel, you spoke about looking at your outlet stores differently and redeveloping your outlet store strategy, any more details you can give us on that?
Angel R. Martinez: I think outlet stores for us have been something that we've been a little bit opportunistic on. We haven't put the focus on an outlet strategy as compared, separate and distinct from a first-line store strategy. If you look at some of our outlet stores, I think they're wonderful-looking stores. It's a great shopping experience. We're going to be more focused -- focusing more on the merchandising of those stores as distinct and separate from our concept stores. We're going to be more aggressive about locations, as they pop up opportunities that may surface in malls that we feel we need to be in, whereas we have been putting the priority on concept stores in the last few years, but the outlet stores are very profitable, as you know, and they provide a great opportunity for access to the brand by consumers, especially now when we can create price points that enable us to be more flexible there. So creating product for those stores that really fills the UGG expectation by customers is a good opportunity.
Operator: And we'll take our final question from Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: A quick question, with respect to the transitional product, how are your wholesale accounts splitting their open-to-buy dollars between the classic UGG orders that they had and your stats [ph] versus the transitional product. Is there a shift in allocation of dollars? Are you getting a bigger share of that open-to-buy? If you could just shed some color on that, that would be great.
Angel R. Martinez: I think over the last few years, we've seen our classic business remain pretty much flat to the total, and the growth has been coming from a lot of the new styles, including the casual style that we've done over the last couple of years, and transitional products sort of falls into that domain. It opens up the business to more seasons for the retailer. At first, in the -- I'd say, about 4 years ago, when we really first started developing this product, there was a big question mark as to whether we could sell a product beyond classic slippers and classic boots. The consumers answered that question. They've really said they love the brand. The brand can come at them from everything from sandals to driving mocs, as I mentioned earlier, and so there's -- we're not seeing a retailer -- it's not an either or, it's an and conversation. We're taking market share from people that we have not in the past competed with because of this development of our casual product. UGG classic is UGG classic, that is a business almost in and of itself. It's as we've said, heavily fourth quarter, it's a big gift item. The casual product is bought for a very different purpose, although people still expect it to perform like UGG.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay. And then so the casual product then going to have lower ASPs since its selling earlier in the season? And should that have an impact in how we should look at the overall back half ASP picture?
Angel R. Martinez: I'd say generally speaking, yes, because it is, by nature, it's not boots. Boots are more expensive. It's the nature of the product, ballerinas, driving mocs and those kind of things are lower price point products.
Operator: This does conclude our question-and-answer session. I will now turn the call back over to the speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you, all, for participating on the call. 2012 was a very difficult year, a very tough storm that we weathered as a company. But as the old saying goes, what doesn't kill you makes you stronger. And we are definitely stronger as a company. We're stronger as all of our brands. A lot more focused. And I think it bodes well for the future. I'm incredibly proud of our team around the world in the way we've managed through all of the challenges. And I'm very -- all of us are very excited about the future and the kinds of things that we now get to do with all of our brands. So thank you, all, very much.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude our conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-10-25 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Angel R. Martinez - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Jessica Schoen - Barclays Capital, Research Division Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. Before we begin, I would like -- also like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call regarding the company's expectations, beliefs and views about its future financial performance, brand strategies and cost structure are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.These statements relate to the company's anticipated revenues, expenses, earnings, gross margin, capital expenditures, brand strategies and cost structures, as well as the outlook for the company's markets and the demand for its products. The forward-looking statements made on this call are based on currently available information because its business is subject to a number of risk and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond its control, actual operating results in the future may differ materially from the future financial performance expected at the current time. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its Annual Report on the Form 10-K, and its other documents filed by the SEC. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly release or update the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn the conference over to President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of Board of Directors, Mr. Angel Martinez. Please go ahead, sir.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thanks, operator. And welcome to everyone joining us today. With me on the call are Zohar Ziv, Chief Operating Officer; and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. Clearly, the third quarter was more challenging for the UGG brand than we anticipated from a top line perspective. Before getting into the specifics of our third quarter numbers, I first want to touch on some of the short-term challenges that we faced this year and our tactics to address these challenges, as well as a broader discussion about the UGG brand. As you know, after increasing 30% in 2011 over 2010, our sheepskin cost were up another 40% in 2012. As you also know, we've implemented programs to help mitigate the impact of higher sheepskin and raw material costs, including selectively raising prices. Based on sell-through patterns in our own retail stores, reports from our major wholesale accounts and industry data, we began to believe as the quarter progress that our price increases over the past 2 years had pushed us above the consumer's price value expectations for the UGG brand, a concerned that we voiced on past earnings calls. The push back to the higher price points was compounded by warm weather. 2012 is the warmest year on record in the United States since recordkeeping began in the 1800s. We believe that this fact combined with the recessionary conditions in Europe and general economic uncertainty and the growing trend of buy now, wear now has pushed back the start of the brand key selling season at retail this year. The good news is we were in a position to react quickly to the price resistance as a result of the decreases in our product cost for fall '13 that were finalized in mid-September. As these negotiations were unfolding and we gain more visibility into the adverse effect of our price increases, we made the decision to adjust our domestic pricing in mid-September on select classic styles, retroactive to all orders shipped since July 1. Included in the adjustment were the Classic Short, Classic Tall and Bailey Button. Freestyles with suggested retail price points we had raised by nearly 20% since 2010 in response to the 80% increase in our sheepskin and raw material cost over the same period. While the adjustment impacted our third quarter results and contributed to our revised outlook for Q4, I want to be clear that the adjustment is from this year's initial pricing and ultimately serves as a partial offset to our price increases, not a net decrease year-over-year. The price adjustment had been mischaracterized in recent industry coverage as "discounting". But in fact, it's an important strategic decision that we believe is in the best interest of the brand for the long-term. It was also the right thing to do for our consumers and our customers, given the continued economic uncertainty and unpredictable weather patterns, and we believe it will benefit our retail partners by helping them to finish the year with good sell-through and healthy margins. With that said, we continue to feel very good about our long-term outlook for this company, which is reflected in the fact that we've repurchased $185 million of our common stock over the past year. Now let me spend a little time talking more broadly about the UGG brand and what we are hearing from consumers and retailers before tackling the specifics of the third quarter. We regularly field a global brand tracker study, surveying thousands of consumers on their preferences and specific plans to purchase. Data from our most recent tracker, fielded in July of this year, shows us that 67% of women in America has a high opinion of the UGG brand, which is up significantly from 51% in 2010. 32% of women in America report that they will definitely or probably buy the UGG brand in the next 12 months and that, too, is up significantly from 24% in 2010. In China, a relatively new market for us, 40% of the women surveyed have a high opinion of the UGG brand, which is surpassed by the 66% of women in France, who share that opinion. We attribute a large portion of this growing preference and intent to purchase to our recent products and marketing initiatives. It is clear that we've gone beyond the need to grow awareness of the UGG brand in some markets and are investing in growing brand affinity, consumer traffic and ultimately, purchase. We know that once consumers purchase the UGG brand, they general become loyal advocates, but we simply need to do a better job of bringing them in and converting them. Now I could go on with more data or statistics but know that we're not seeing a downturn in global sentiment about the strength of the UGG brand than any of our key perception and metrics. In fact, the only negative trend regarding the UGG brand that we picked up in our most recent brand tracker was the fact that prices have gotten too high, which was taken into consideration in our recent action to bring prices on key items back in line with consumer expectations. We're also seeing a major shift in how consumers are actually shopping right now. In apparel, and we believe we are starting to see it in footwear, mainly in our classic line, consumers have shortened their purchase cycles in order to buy now and wear now. The New York City Economic Development Corporation's report Fashion New York City 2020 highlighted this on-demand purchasing behavior as one of its 9 major business trends given the impact that it's having on major brands and retailers, namely, that the key holiday selling season at retail is starting much later in the year in the season for the season.  The footwear brands that are beginning to recognize the shift are moving to more flexible production cycles, more efficient inventory planning and more targeted and timely advertising and retail merchandising practices. We fully intend to get ahead of this shift in all areas of our business and we look forward to sharing the fruits of these efforts in the upcoming calls. Turning to innovation. We believe that we've taken a significant step in mitigating one of the largest risk factors in the business, i.e. the volatility of the sheepskin market. Just last week, we met a key consumer preference hurdle on a process innovation that we plan to roll out next year. We would share more with you as we get closer to the shipping window next year. Our data is being further validated by our wholesale accounts. Just last month we conducted an anonymous survey of our top independent accounts. The results of that survey highlighted the importance of the UGG brands to these retailers and just how vested they are in creating mutual, long-term success for the brand, the fact that they consistently regard our reps as some of the best industry and not unlike with consumers, pricing concerns were highlighted. Specific to the third quarter, let me get into details now. Looking at the UGG brand, in the U.S., wholesale sell-through was below the level of most of our accounts that have become accustomed to with the brand. However, it is important to keep in mind that these rates are down off our historic levels, which are typically higher than many of our peers. Specifically, classic demand was softer than expected due to the combination of warm temperatures and higher price points while our women's fashion collection sold well but were below plan due to some late deliveries by our factories. It's worth noting that NPD data does show an increase in the UGG brand's women's casual, which is a non-weather dependent category. The category, as a whole, is up 26.7% year-over-year and the UGG brand is outpacing even that significant gain with a 40.8% increase. Men's, too, was a bright spot during the quarter, lead by the Hannen casual, the Neumel, Kaldwell and Leighton. As with our slipper business where our comfort platform and consistent prices from a year ago continue to resonate positively with consumers. Following the mid-September price adjustments, and with the recent arrival of colder weather in certain parts of the country, sell-through has turned positive at many of our major retail partners, lead by our classics, slipper and fashion collections. In markets during weeks that have achieved normal temperatures, the business has responded very well. Given the later-than-normal start of the season, our sales team are working very closely with accounts to manage expectations and inventory levels, which to-date have resulted in only a small percentage of cancellations and the migration of some Q3 deliveries into Q4. Our selling on specialty classics such as Dylyn and Bailey Bow has been very strong. Slippers have been excellent. Fashion, in particular, the Conor, Channing II and Georgette have been excellent. The Casuals are also very strong, including the Alloway and Laela Quilted . Our fashion deliveries were later than planned, which hurt our early Q3 selling but once they hit the floor, they outperformed. Men's and kids have been up over last year in our key accounts as well. We wouldn't have similar sales patterns in our domestic retail locations where comp store sales declined high single digits on top of a low 20% increase a year ago. Comps were impacted by negative traffic trends, which we attribute primarily to the price increases that we implemented to mitigate the increase in sheepskin cost, warmer weather and uncertainty around the economy and the emerging on-demand consumer behavior. These were, however, partially offset by improved average transactions and conversions. October comps have shown some improvement over the third quarter but we believe it's prudent to take a cautious stance on domestic retail until we get deeper into the holiday season and generate better performances on more consistent basis. eCommerce sales both in the U.S. and internationally were a standout in the third quarter. The performance of our eCommerce business versus brick-and-mortar locations appears to be consistent with recent industry commentary on the performances of these 2 channels, giving us added conviction that the UGG brand's popularity has not waned and that many of the forces weighing on our recent performance are not brand-specific. Just as telling, are the styles that are selling well through our domestic and international websites. We continue to see strong demand for the previously mentioned new collections of fashion and casual boots and non-boots. We believe that the performance of our new products, particularly in the face of some external headwinds, is a great barometer of the UGG brand's popularity. In Europe, we headed into the third quarter with a fall order book that was down year-over-year as a result of last season's mild winter and the poor economy in our 2 largest markets, the U.K. and Benelux. In addition, the London Olympics unexpectedly caused an overall drag on sales as tourists, for the most part, avoided the city shopping areas and locals generally stayed home at the urging of the government to avoid traffic congestion and overcrowding on public transportation. Consequently, our 4 comp store sales were down double digits on a percentage basis in Q3, as well as our large wholesale accounts. As a result, sales of the UGG brand spring and summer styles fell off after a strong July and sell-through of fall product got off to a slower start than in previous years. We believe that hot weather late in the quarter and on-demand consumption once again, contributed to the slow start in the U.K. and continental Europe. Now despite these headwinds, we feel that our fall '12 product offering is much stronger than last year. And with more accessible opening price points, we believe the brand will be more competitive this holiday. In addition, our European distribution, sales representation, customer service, account relationships and marketing programs are all significantly improved as to what we had before. We expect that these initiatives will be integral to creating a long-term sustainable business in this region. In the short term, however, our results will hinge on colder temperatures as the UGG brand is still predominantly viewed as a cold weather and holiday brand. We've seen sales pick up over the past few weeks but we'll need more prolonged periods of increased demand to work down channel inventory, improve retailer confidence and generate more reorder business. Turning to Asia, our expansion strategy continues to unfold with solid results. In Japan, strong selling of the fall collection, combined with increased distribution, drove a sizable increase in our wholesale business over the same period last year. Retail sales also increased significantly, driven by 6 new locations, partially offset by a high single-digit comp decline. Like the U.S. and Europe, we believe that our stores in Asia were impacted by warm weather in the third quarter. Sales picked up as the quarter progressed, driven by increased consumer communication and media exposure, adjustments to in-store merchandising and the new sales incentive program for employees. We had a busy third quarter in China with the opening of 7 new stores in which we can showcase the breadth and depth of the UGG brand's offering. We now have 20 stores, up from 8 this time a year ago. In terms of performance, new stores are performing above pro forma expectations, while the 4 stores in the comp base continue to see some pressure from cannibalization and increased competition from counterfeit products. All in all, we believe we are making good traction in setting the brand position and refining the look and fit of the product assortment to reflect regional preferences. We expect sales trends in China to improve further as we continue to exploit this large and growing opportunity. Now as we've done on recent calls, I'd like to continue sharing additional details about our retail business as this channel becomes a larger portion of our overall results and what we believe will be an important profit driver for us. We ended the third quarter with 68 global locations, up from 53 at the end of the second quarter, and compared to 39 a year ago. Of these, 30 are now in the comp base, including 17 in the U.S., 4 in the U.K., 4 in China and 5 in Japan. Third quarter comp store sales declined 13% on top of an 11% increase in the comp period a year ago with U.S. and Japan comps down single -- high single digits and the U.K. and China comps down double digits. Our recent comp performance is driven by decline in traffic, which we attribute to weather and uncertainty around the global economy, partially offset by an increase in the conversion and growth in men's casuals and the debut of the UGG collection for men. Despite recent comp trends, our store base remained highly productive and profitable. As of September 30th, the for stores open at least 12-months, annual sales per square foot on a trailing 12-month basis were approximately $1,700, a figure we are very proud of especially given the warm weather during this period. We also believe that our retail division has yet to fully benefit from the leadership of Dave Powers, President of Consumer Direct, and many of the systems and infrastructure investments we have made during the past year. In terms of regional performance, the U.S. and Asia are above the company average while Europe is below. We ended the third quarter for both comp stores and new stores with approximately 180,000 total square feet compared to 110,000 total square feet at the end of last year's Q3. Meanwhile, the retail comp fleet continues to generate great returns with the average store paying back our initial investment in 1 year. Our U.S. comp store sales generate the greatest ROI, followed by China comp stores due to a low initial build-out cost and an inexpensive operating model. Moving onto the Teva brand. Third quarter results were strong and ahead of plan. This was particularly gratifying given the challenges facing the outdoor retail industry following 2011's unfavorable summer in Europe and winter weather. Sales increased 22%, driven by growth in the U.S., Europe and Asia, highlighted by the brand's successful launch in Japan. From a product perspective, the Teva brand continued its push deeper into the closed-toe footwear with the introduction of performance on lifestyle bike products and winter ice boots. Leveraging the Teva brand's authenticity in sport sandals to develop a broader offering of closed-toe footwear is critical to extending the brand's selling season and increasing it's relevancy at retail on a year-round basis. At the same time, the Teva brand has had recent success with collaborations in Japan that have succeeded in both highlighting the iconic styles while attracting younger, influential and fashion-conscious consumers to the brand. These initiatives will serve to strengthen the Teva brand's relationship with both customers and consumers, create new growth opportunities domestically and overseas and help mitigate some of the volatility brought on by weather and regional economic slowdown. The Sanuk brand finished off the spring-summer selling season with good momentum and transitioned smoothly into fall. After last year's limited test-of-chill products, cooler weather versions of our patented Sidewalk Surfers, we entered this fourth quarter with a much larger presence at key retail partners such as Nordstrom, Dillard's, REI and Zappos, to name a few. The consumer response to our expanded fall collection has been very positive. The third quarter also marked the second consecutive quarter of strong eCommerce sales following sanuk.com's switch to our Deckers powered eComm platform. We're building a strong foundation of -- to support the Sanuk brand as a year-round brand by elevating our marketing and retail presence in delivering a fresh, innovative product. Retailers are taking notice and confidence in the future potential of the Sanuk brand continues to grow, evidenced by a significant increase in spring bookings. I'll now turn the call over to Tom for a review of the financials. Tom?
Thomas A. George: Thanks, Angel. Today's earnings release contains a good amount of detail about our third quarter sales and earnings, including sales by brand channel and geography. Therefore, I'm going to limit my discussion, primarily to gross margins, operating expenses, the balance sheet and guidance. Gross margin for the third quarter was 42.3% compared to 49% in the third quarter last year, which was in line with our expectations and guidance. The 670-basis-point decline is primarily attributable to an increase in product cost, as well as lower European margins for UGG and Teva brands. Total SG&A expense for the quarter was $99.7 million or 26.5% of net sales, compared to $112.2 million or 27.1% in net sales a year ago. Several factors led to the SG&A decrease, including lower performance-based compensation related expenses, lower legal spend versus a year-ago and the positive impact from foreign exchange rate fluctuations. This was offset by $6.9 million of additional expense-related to our retail operations, most of which is for the 29 new retail stores that were not open during the third quarter, last year. Operating expenses were below expectations, primarily due to a shift in marketing expenses to the fourth quarter, which accounted for roughly $3.4 million, lower sales-related expenses, lower retail expenses, lower depreciation and lower compensation-related expenses. Operating income for the third quarter was $59.6 million compared to $90.7 million last year. The decline reflects the lower sales figure combined with the pressure on gross margin from higher product cost and a lower mix of international sales versus a year ago. We recorded income tax expense of $15.9 million in the third quarter compared to $28.3 million in the third quarter last year. Third quarter diluted earnings per share of $1.18 was higher than our guidance and compares to $1.59 a year ago. We achieved our bottom line projections despite the sales shortfall due to lower-than-projected operating expenses and lower nonrecurring tax rate and a lower outstanding share count as a result of our aggressive repurchase activity. During the third quarter, we bought approximately 85 million of our common stock and have $115 million remaining on the $200 million authorization announced in July. These purchases were funded using our cash position and borrowings from our credit facility. Now turning to the balance sheet. At September 30, 2012, the inventory increased 36.2% to $486.2 million from $356.9 million at September 30, 2011. By brand, compared to September 30, 2011, UGG brand inventory increased to $127.8 million to $451.8 million. Teva brand inventory increased $2.2 million to $19.1 million. Inventory for the Sanuk brand decreased $0.6 million to $8.6 million. And our other brands' inventory decreased $0.1 million to $6.7 million. I'd like to provide more detail regarding our comfort with the quality of the UGG brand inventory. At September 30, 2012, in line and carryover products represented approximately 94% of total UGG brand inventory for which we have customer orders for approximately 72%. The products for which we do not have orders are mainly for our direct-to-consumer business and the remainder is for at-once orders. We have also moved quickly to adjust our receipt date of inventory to better reflect current sales trends and we now expect 2012 year end inventory levels, inclusive of our revised outlook for the fourth quarter, to be up approximately 20% over the end of last year. It's important to note that approximately 1/2 of the projected increase is attributable to higher product cost and the expansion of the consumer-direct business. The remaining 1/2 is due to carryover products and increases in UGG brand spring inventory. At September 30, 2012, our cash and cash equivalents were $61.6 million compared to $90.4 million at September 30, 2011. At September 30, 2012, we had $275 million outstanding borrowings under our recently expanded credit facility compared to $45 million a year ago. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents and the increase in outstanding borrowings are attributable to $185 million stock repurchases over the past year and $76 million of cash payments for capital assets, which includes $28.6 million for retail expansion, $27.9 million for the new headquarters facility and approximately $20 million for IT infrastructure and maintenance. Now moving onto our outlook. Based on lower comparable store sales projections, a reduction in expectations for our wholesale business and the impact from our domestic price adjustments, we are lowering our fourth quarter outlook. We now expect sales to increase approximately 6% over 2011 levels in the fourth quarter, down from our previous guidance of 19%. This guidance is based on a projected comp store sales decline of approximately 11%. We now expect fourth quarter diluted earnings per share to decrease approximately 14% from 2011 levels to -- compared to our previous guidance for an increase of approximately 22%. This guidance assumes gross margin of approximately 47% down from our prior forecast of approximately 50% due to lower European margins, pricing reductions and reduced retail sales. SG&A as a percentage of sales is now projected to be approximately 25% up from our prior forecast of 21%. The increase is due to the reduction in sales forecast as much of the SG&A cost are fixed, as well as the shift to marketing expenses from Q3 to Q4. For the full year 2012, we now expect sales growth of approximately 5%, earnings per share to be down approximately 33% versus prior year. Regarding total year sales by brand, we now expect UGG brand sales to be flat, down from earlier guidance of up 10%. Teva brand sales to be down slightly versus flat to slightly down. Sanuk brand guidance remains at sales of approximately $95 million. Other brands down approximately 10%. We're still in the planning stages and budgeting process for next year so consistent with past practice, we'll provide more specific 2013 guidance when we report our Q4 results in February. But we're going to share with you some initial insights particularly as it relates to raw materials. First, our sheepskin cost for fall 2013 have declined approximately 11% from fall 2012 prices. Taking into account the price adjustments we've already announced, we project that the reduction on our sheepskin cost will positively impact 2013 gross margins by approximately 150 basis points versus the approximately 500-basis-point drag we experienced in 2012. Second, our plan as of right now is to open a similar amount of new stores in 2013 as we are in 2012. As Angel outlined earlier, our stores generate some of the highest sales per square feet in the industry and on average payback in 1 year. Therefore, we believe expansion of our own retail stores continues to be an excellent use of capital going forward. As with all of our businesses, we continue to monitor performance and will react quickly to adjust our plans if situations change or when we're not meeting our targets. With regard to SG&A, we are still rolling up our forecast and need to complete the fourth quarter before providing specific details on 2013 operating expenses. However, I will state that we are committed to being flexible with all our expenditures and store-opening plans based on our upcoming Q4 performance and fall pre-book results. Turning to CapEx. CapEx for 2012 is estimated to be $70 million, which includes a one-time, $16 million for the new headquarters, $38 million for retail stores and the balance of $16 million for IT projects and maintenance. CapEx for 2013, based on a similar IT and maintenance budget to this year of roughly $20 million, our projected store openings schedule of $32 million and completion of our new headquarters for $36 million, which we are planning to refinance, capital expenditures for 2013 are expected to be $85 million to $90 million, up from an estimated $70 million this year. So to be clear, therefore, without the headquarters, which we expect to refinance, CapEx for 2013 is expected to be approximately $50 million, similar to 2012 levels. Finally, while it's too early to comment specifically on a projected inventory position beyond the end of this year, you've heard me say earlier we have already aggressively adjusted our receipts for Q4. This practice will continue as we move through the quarter and head into Q1. Keep in mind though, we'll have roughly 9 more stores at the start of next year with current plans to open additional 30 in 2013. At the same time, Sanuk sales are projected to remain strong, particularly in the first half. All of which can drive overall inventories going forward.
Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Tom. The recent pickup in sales trends at both wholesale and recent is encouraging, and we expect momentum will continue to build as we approach our business selling -- busiest selling period of the year. This year has been the most challenging period of my tenure as Chief Executive Officer. We've dealt with significant headwinds on several fronts that have pressured sales and margins and like we have done in the past, we've acted quickly to try to mitigate the risk to the business. As a reminder, we've already taken steps to mitigate our exposure to sheepskin through new raw material innovations and product diversification. We have lessened our dependency on classics with the introduction of compelling new fashion and casual collections that are less sensitive to the weather and we've helped smooth out some of the seasonality in our business and offset some of the recent margin pressure with the acquisition of Sanuk. This is one of the many reasons I'm confident that when we look back on 2012 and the years ahead, these results will be viewed as a notable and positive turning point in the company's history, a time during which we exploited rather than surrender to forces seemingly outside of our control to build the next generation Deckers as we drive toward increased profitability and enhance shareholder value. The key here is to build from our strength. The strength of our brand portfolio, the year-round in iconic styles that are in our current lineup today, as well as those I've seen in the near-term pipeline. Our strong relationships with major retailers and independent accounts. The growth potential in our direct-to-consumer channels in emerging regions. The tangible potential for increased efficiency across product life cycle and supply chain and finally, and most importantly, the preference and emotional connection that consumers have with our brands gives me great confidence as does the strength and the vitality of the Deckers organization with a highly evolved systems and processes and the passion and tenacity of our people to drive excellence across brand, channels, regions and functions. Now we're not where we need to be but we are confident that we're moving in the right direction for the long term. Thank you. Operator, I'll now be happy to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And we'll now take our first question from Erinn Murphy with Piper Jaffray.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Angel, I was hoping you could maybe talk a little bit more just about the pricing adjustments. It is helpful to see that -- the detail you gave but just curious kind of longer-term, how confident are you that this is maybe more just a one-time cut versus a multi-quarter adjustment. And then in the adjustments you've just made, you can you speak a little bit more about any impacts you're seeing in conversion?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, we do see this as a one-time situation. I was always concerned that $200 was the ceiling, for example, on the Classic Tall. And if the consumers out there that are telling us that as much as anything. They -- especially in these economic times. So we're also confident that given some improvements that we've made in supply chain and in new processes, as I mentioned, that we should be able to hold margins where they need to be and still maintain the appropriate price points for our products. The other thing that's going on is that there's a lot of innovation happening. And in 2013, you're going to begin to see that. Some of it in the spring, the bulk of it in the fall, which would also allow us to introduce new product at lower price points, new products at a more accessible price points for the first-time UGG purchaser, so I think that's very important. What was the other question?
Thomas A. George: Conversion.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Have you seen any conversion impact on just the lower pricing even though it's just been about 1 month, 1.5 months.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, it's a little early but not only from our own stores, which is actually hard information but yes, we have seen improvements in conversion. And we've had anecdotal information from our retailers that they have seen improvements in conversion as a result of the lower price points.
Erinn E. Murphy - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And then just a quick follow-up as you're talking about maybe introducing some more entry-level price point into the mix next year, how are you engineering margins for that product? Will it be essentially a margin neutral or how should we be thinking about that if you are seeing a mix shift towards a slightly lower price point next year?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, it's a combination of a lot of different types of products. So it's across-the-board. In the end, it will probably be margin neutral to slightly up, it just depends on the kind of product, the type of innovation, we're very, very conscious of our margin objectives and we're being very aggressively innovative to drive those goals home.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mitch Kummetz with Robert W. Baird.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Maybe a question for Tom. Tom, could you just walk us through how you get to kind of the implied UGG growth in the fourth quarter. If you guys were down, seeing flat for the year, which if my math is correct, that's 6% increase on the fourth quarter. I know you're already addressed the comp, you're seeing comp down 11%. But can you maybe just sort of take that brand in Q4 sort of a wholesale, retail, eCommerce and just kind of give us a sense as to how it rolls up to 6% growth?
Thomas A. George: Yes, yes, Mitch. I think the best way to describe that is maybe even give you a little frame of reference even from the prior guidance, what kind of changes we made there. I think the retail, when you look at the difference between the old guidance and the new guidance, there is roughly $70 million to $80 million of decline in sales, about $30 million of that is related to retail and about 2/3 of that is related to bringing down the comp assumption based on the trends we saw in the third quarter and the balance of the retail as related to the non-comp stores. And then pricing, at this point in time again, early. We want to -- it's early to make a call on conversion relative to the improvement pricing. It was about $7 million to $10 million of the brand down relative to the old guidance and then the wholesale and distributor business globally is a takedown of about $40 million of that. And about three quarters of that is on the domestic wholesale side. And the balance, about $10 million is related to Europe as we continue to be concerned about levels or reorders and cancellations in that market.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then also maybe just along these same line, some companies are talking about they're giving you sort of a whether assumption, they're expecting normal weather or similar weather to a year ago, is there a whether assumption which is kind of baked into your guidance on Q4 and then also can you maybe talk about how you're thinking about cancellations, reorders, closeouts and Q4 relative to a year ago, where I know you have some issues with regard to those areas.
Thomas A. George: The weather, I think, the best way to approach that is I think a normal weather still, somewhere between as warm as it was last year and as cold as it was 2 years ago. That being said, how we -- are our comp guidance of a negative 11% is only about a 10% improvement relative to the third quarter. So if we do get some colder weather, then there may be some opportunities there. I can't commit to that pretty early. We have seen some improved trends but still pretty inconsistent. As far as the wholesale side of the business, we feel with the recent price adjustments that we have mitigated some of the risk that we're concerned about relative to cancellations so there's not a lot of cancellations that being built into the guidance for the fourth quarter.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then just one last quick one. In terms of your fourth quarter gross margin outlook, I mean, it's come down for 4 points. How much of that was due to the impact of the price adjustments. Can you give us some sense I mean, Angel, you referred to the styles that you've taken down price on. Can you give us some sense as to what percentage of the overall UGG business those styles represent just so we get a sense how much that's had an impact?
Angel R. Martinez: The impact relative to price adjustments on the fourth quarter is pretty significant. That is roughly 1/3 of the brand down in the margin for the quarter and in terms of mix, I'll answer that question. The fourth quarter is shifted more towards classic product and some of the other quarters and as a result of that, the price decline, the price change has a significant, more of an impact in the fourth quarter that it would have other quarters. For example, in the third quarter, the price decline was about $3 million to $4 million. In the fourth quarter, it's closer to $7 million to $10 million.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Angel, you spend some time in your prepared remarks talking about some consumers studies of the UGG brands and the insights they gave you. Can you talk about what the -- some of the core elements of the loyal consumers who do respond positively in those surveys, what it is they love about the brand and what draws them to the brand, what brings them back, and how do you as a company do a better job leveraging that going forward as you think about how to build this brand holistically.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, pretty consistently, the core consumer has what we would consider an emotional connection to the brand. It's about luxurious comfort. And I've said this for a long time, the UGG brand became fashionable but at its core, it's a comfort brand. So this is the consumer who really gets accustomed to the feeling of the brand, almost as an emotional release. And we've seen this validated in our research over and over such that she is, and typically she is, we all know, to the point where the UGG brand, once it's in her closet as either slippers or classic and increasingly in other styles, tends to be a replacement purchase. And we have, in markets where we've been operating a long time, we have consumers who, as I've said many times and research has validated, they buy UGG on an annual basis consistently to replenish what they had in their closet. Now, over the last 2 years, the impetus to buy the brand in many parts of the country is driven by weather. So when you don't have a cold weather, you don't have the same level of impetus. We're not at the top of mind. And I think that, that's a clear indication from the results that we see. Whenever we had a little spike in colder weather, our performance at retail improves dramatically. From the point of view of leveraging this information, you're starting to see it in a couple of different areas. Our efforts in eCommerce direct-to-consumer, social networking, digital marketing are all very specific to this attitude around this consumer. We're increasingly able to pinpoint her behavior, pinpoint where she shops, pinpoint where she likes to spend time, and begin the process of being very calculated as to where we put our marketing dollar. So that's just an ongoing sort of insight that we're getting that we're honing as each season progresses. It also gives us the ability to be a heck of a lot more flexible than we were in the past with our targeted media, and this allows us, combined with the ability that we have to change messages and images on Demandware, which is our platform for eCommerce, it's given us tremendous flexibility. And the name of the game here in terms of this consumer is to intercept her in all the places that validate and reinforce where she would expect to find the UGG brand and also to give her opportunities to discover the brand if she is not a core user. So the prospect component of this, which are women who have indicated an interest in purchasing UGG and just haven't done it yet, which represents over 20% of the U.S. population of women, those -- that's another key important part of this effort. Knowing who she is, knowing how to reach her, knowing when to reach her. Those are all really essential parts of the effort going forward with the marketing efforts that we're making.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And just to be clear, it's luxurious comfort, it's not the sheepskin that's the core element, or the sheep's fur, or is it the combination of the 3?
Angel R. Martinez: The primary vehicle to deliver this feeling of luxury and comfort is the shearling, it's the sheepskin. And there's a tactile component that translates into an emotional reaction. And this is a core element of the classic line of products. That's why in most of the products you see from UGG, there's always at least a small amount of shearling, a small tactile representation. Even if we're doing shoes in which the ankle -- rather the heel color lining is sheepskin or the foot bed or some other parts, there's a touch point of the shearling. And that's important for the brand. That's part of what validates the brand as authentic.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And then a question for you and/or Tom. The revenue guidance for the fourth quarter, what's different in this -- what's going to be different in the fourth quarter from the third quarter in terms of it's going from a negative high-single digit sales number to more of a positive mid-single digit. What's the change here, especially given these kind of pullbacks in the pricing that you're shipping -- you're making your shipments out?
Thomas A. George: Yes. I think the -- relative to the difference between what's going to happen in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter is we did have some pressures on our business in the third quarter and we did have those negative retail trends. But we feel that at this point in time, early in the quarter, what we are projecting, some improvement, roughly a 10% improvement on the total retail comps for the fourth quarter. And then we've got more marketing programs in the fourth quarter as well vis-à-vis the third quarter, and the pricing really that's currently in our projections, we've got pricing impact of about $7 million to $10 million of pressure on the fourth quarter. That being said, maybe there will be some opportunity to get some increased volumes with that price change. So -- and then I think another thing to point to is eCommerce business continues to exceed plan, continues to be well over the prior year, and we see a lot of eCommerce opportunities still in the fourth quarter.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Jessica Schoen with Barclays Capital.
Jessica Schoen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: On the price adjustment for -- in the U.S., I was wondering if you could discuss the decision not to make that price cut in the international regions, and if it could potentially have a similar positive impact on demand that you expect to see from the adjustment domestically.
Angel R. Martinez: In the international markets, our pricing did not go up. They kept -- they were relatively flat to last year. So the real issue was the U.S. market, and that's where we had the consumer pushback more so than any of the other markets.
Jessica Schoen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, understood. And then on the sheepskin pricing for next year, if I understand correctly, fall 2013 is when you expect to see the ease in the pressure of those costs. And just to think about big picture, what else we can expect to drive the different puts and takes in margins that could also impact how things go next year.
Thomas A. George: We're still involved in our planning process. One thing to think about is obviously, we made these price changes now. That's 1 thing to consider for the margin. Internationally, still a little bit early there in the planning process in terms of what we may want to do with pricing there. Let's get through the fourth quarter and see how pricing behaves so to speak in the international markets. More Sanuk growth is going to help gross margin. And at this point in time, with our current plans for more retail stores, how profitable those are, that could be a put on the gross margin for next year as well. But again, I just caution everybody, let's get through this fourth quarter, we'll have a better perspective in terms of what next year's margins will be, what our G&A spend will be, as well as our store opening plans. So I think that's what I can say right now at this early stage of the game.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Jim Duffy with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I'm hoping you can share some perspective on historically, what type of linearity you've seen on UGG's sell-through by month? Is it possible to ballpark in any quantifiable terms the relative contribution of each of the months across fourth quarter?
Angel R. Martinez: Again, what we've seen recently is a high correlation even on a weekly basis in the wholesale channel and our own retail stores, given all these factors we talked about of. When the weather turns in the right direction, there's some good sell-through not only with our wholesale customers but also our own retail stores. Our eCommerce business doesn't seem to be weather-sensitive. I think another thing for the fourth quarter that you get a higher correlation of sell-through as you get closer and closer to the holidays. That's something there. So...
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: So tell me, historically, is December been 50% of sales, less than 50% of sales, 75% of sales? How much of it is weighted towards the final month of the quarter?
Thomas A. George: I'd say it's more skewed to obviously November and December. And it can really load up, especially when you consider our direct-to-consumer business growing and our eCommerce business. Once you get past Thanksgiving, you'll get a pretty decent-sized ramp.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, I'm curious about the adjustments you made to inventory deliveries for the fourth quarter. How much lead time do you need to influence that? At what point did you make the decision to temper receipts of inventories for the fourth quarter?
Thomas A. George: That's been -- well, obviously when you work in a supplies chain, you're constantly evaluating things like that. So that's been sort of a gradual process as we've seen the year unfold. And that will continue. Like I said, we're going to monitor the fourth quarter very closely. And based on the fourth quarter, that will -- can have some further inputs in terms of how we throttled back or throttled down receipts going forward.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: You didn't answer the question. How much lead time would you need to throttle back receipts?
Thomas A. George: I'd say it's getting shorter, but closer to maybe 4, 4.5 months.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Howard Tubin from RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So Angel, as you look at everything that's kind of going on in the business and when you look at your wholesale distribution in the U.S., do you feel it's -- the brands are kind of appropriately positioned? Would you, in a perfect world, like to maybe clean up distribution in the U.S. and ramp down some of your wholesale customers, or would you rather kind of expand wholesale customers, or keep it just the same?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, I think there's obviously an opportunity with the expansion of our direct-to-consumer business to take a look at what we might consider marginal distribution. And so that's clearly part of our analysis and our assessment. We certainly don't think we need more distribution. We think that in total, we have the right number of points of distribution, but it's just the quality of some of that distribution needs to be aggressively evaluated. And we'll continue that process. I think one of the things that's interesting in this particular period is that you really start to understand who those retailers are, who value the brand for the long-term versus those who are in it for just a short-term gain. And we're paying very, very close attention to all of that behavior, so that may have some bearing on our decision-making going forward.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And how do you feel about inventory currently in the channel, kind of based on current sell-throughs, do you think retailers are over-inventoried and there's a risk of them getting more promotional with the brand, or are they -- or are inventories in the channel pretty much in line with current sell-throughs?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, I think inventory in the channel is pretty much in line with expectations, again, looking toward a slightly more normalized year. If we're sitting here in mid-November, early December, and it's 75 degrees in New York City, we're going to be over-inventoried in the channel, I can guarantee you that. So I think retailer have brought in the appropriate amount of inventory based on last year, which was not a good year for weather. So we're kind of just sitting here waiting on cold weather. I mean I hate the -- that's what drives me nuts, it's just sitting here with this, watching the weather report everyday. It's kind of I feel -- and I know what it's like to be in the ski resort industry.
Operator: And we'll now take our next question from Scott Krasik with BB&T Capital Markets.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Angel, you sort of alluded to it, I think 2 questions ago about the distribution. But relative to the 72% of the in-line inventory that you have earmarked for deliveries, I mean if you see cancellations, do you have a different way of handling closeouts this year? Will you react by potentially cutting customers off? I mean, how are you treating the inventory that you have earmarked for delivery if cancellations increased?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, as Tom said, it's high-quality inventory, number 1. So this isn't -- the inventory that we are talking about is not fashion-sensitive. So as we've done in the past, because we do have good relationships with the right people to liquidate some of it, that is more seasonal, and we also have the ability to migrate some of that product into 2013 as we've done in the past. And of course, as I've said, there may be some retailers that really don't value the long-term opportunity to sell UGG, and they'll demonstrate that in how they behave, and we'll pay attention.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Yes, I know. I appreciate that. And then, Tom, I think or at least the message that you guys are trying to get across on the call is that you're trying to be very flexible whether it's an inventory store opening's expenses. So maybe sort of how flexible do you think you really are in your expense structure? I know you don't want to give FY '13 SG&A guidance, but what type of flexibility do you think you have?
Thomas A. George: Historically, you've seen the number there, there is a fair amount of fixed cost in the structure. But that being said, the fourth quarter, let's get through it and see the challenges or the opportunities there, and everything, in our mind, is up for grabs for evaluation reviews, zero-based approach, those kinds of approaches to get competitive and work on our margins. So that, I think, that's the best way to answer that. In the inventory, I just want to follow up on that earlier question on the call. I mean, there is like 4 to 5 months lead times, but that's something that we've already been considering, what kind of first quarter receipts that we're going to receive. We evaluated some of those, some of the risks and adjusted the inventory receipts, talked to the factories in the third quarter even on some of these things. So we're -- store openings as well. We -- the current thought, given the returns on capital of these stores, is to open up a similar amount next year. That being said, we're not committed for much more than a handful of additional stores at this point in time as we speak. So there's a lot of flexibility on the store opening schedule as well.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Angel, so just trying to parse out some of the weather influence. Maybe you could share some of the warmer weather climate UGG sales in the California region or in the Florida region, and maybe give us an indication as to the demand trends for the brand where weather doesn't influence that purchasing behavior.
Angel R. Martinez: Certainly, yes. We haven't seen a falloff in demand for the brand in the warmer market. So that's been a good thing. And I think generally speaking in the market, well, California is a little different because it gets very -- it's cool at night here. Even year round, it's cool at night. And so people wear it as a comfort shoe in the evening. So it's not unusual, and you've probably seen that as you've traveled around California. So there is a slight difference in terms of utilization of the product. On the East Coast generally speaking, it's humid in the summer, humid at night. You're not thinking of a shearling boot or a slipper. So there is that. But we've answered that because of the product innovation. There's a lot of spring product that is much more appropriate for warmer climates. It's quite thin, low pile sort of shearling. We've got different., coming there are different innovations for breathability. So all of that is in the works. And our goal really is to focus as much on the comfort component of the brand as on the perceived weather component of the brand. And the 2 things have to be equal from a product development and technical innovation point of view. And that's what we're doing. You've already begun to see a lot of that with the spring line, which performed -- has been performing quite well. We'll continue to do more of that, and I think the -- some of the innovation we have in mind that is already implemented should give us more flexibility to design product that's appropriate for almost any climate.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay, great. And maybe shifting gears a little bit, can you talk about any changes you might be seeing in the competitive landscape as it relates to the UGG business? It seems like there is -- we've seen new entrants coming into the category. And you really haven't had much competition for the past few years. So if you could share any insights there, that would be great.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, actually we've had a lot of competition in the past year that's been in the form of counterfeit and been in the form of knock-offs. And that does represent a significant amount of competition outside of the U.S. as much as in the U.S., more so in markets like China, for example. So we've gotten pretty good at addressing those issues and going after those folks. And that type of competition is sort of -- is insidious obviously, because they are trading on our intellectual property. When it comes to competition of other people in the sheepskin business, what we find is that the -- I'm not -- I've never, for a minute, believe that we would have this category to ourselves. I think there's always competition in the marketplace, and that's the power of the brand. The most important thing we have to focus on is the power of the brand. And that's why we've been really prioritizing the marketing efforts that we've been making. Even in many cases where people are confronted with a competitive product at a lower price point, they purchase the UGG product at a higher price point because of the perception of quality and durability, et cetera. So -- and there is something different about our sheepskin. I mean, there's something different about how our product feels. We intend to continue exploiting opportunities and innovation, design, product quality. And as we have demonstrated with this price adjustment, we're very sensitive to the consumer price-value relationship that exists. So our brand has to offer a variety of price points to consumer so they can access the brand according to their opportunity. Now, that doesn't mean we're going to go down market and low-quality product, but it means that any reasonable -- a good quality product that can be UGG will address it in price points going forward because we don't feel that it's wise to give all that market share up to people who would trade on what we've already done and then come in and undercut us with inferior quality. So we intend to really pursue that aggressively, but not -- never compromising the quality of what we're doing.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly for Tom, what would cause you to open fewer retail stores next year? Why would you need to see to pull back on that 30 or so that you talked about, since you only committed on a handful?
Thomas A. George: I think there will be a lot of factors we evaluate, but one of them be in the fourth quarter depending on how we finished the year off. And let's say, we have some worse-than-expected comps and the weather's cooperated, I think that's something that we'll have to consider seriously when evaluating future store opening plans.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: And just lastly, can you remind me the split between international and domestic new store openings for next year of that 30?
Thomas A. George: We haven't -- I think we're stuck at -- we're still on the planning stages on that. A year ago, the thought was maybe 2/3 of that would probably be international and 1/3 domestically, but we're still evaluating that as well.
Operator: And we'll go next to Chris Svezia with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I have a question. I just want to understand the comp projection for the fourth quarter. I just want to make sure I have this correct. So you're expecting your comps to be down 11%, but, Tom, you're making some comments that you expect it to be up 10%. I'm a little confused by the logic.
Thomas A. George: Let me clear that up. Yes, I mean, the third quarter comp was down about 13%, and at this point in time from a -- given the inconsistency we've seen in the business so far, we want to be cautious, and we've modeled an improvement of 10% on that negative 13%. So that gives you roughly a negative 11% comp.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Oh, I see what you're saying. Okay. I mean, with all the pricing reductions you've done and the changes, when you look at your company-owned retail business, you made some comments the weather has changed, you've seen some improvement. Can you share a little more color about what you're seeing, Because I think that's important. And if you're seeing any improvement whatsoever, why still such a dramatic negative comp for the fourth quarter? Against an easy comparison, if we look over 2-year stack basis, it's implying a very, very kind of negative trend in that fourth quarter. So I'm just -- maybe you could talk about that a little bit.
Thomas A. George: Yes, I mean, it's early in the quarter. The results today although better, have been inconsistent. They seem to be more weather-dependent than we've historically seen. It's not an execution thing. It's not an operation thing, it's not an availability of inventory thing, it's just early in the quarter, and we want to be cautious from that point of view.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the wholesale business, when you mentioned on the inventory, you said that you weren't anticipating any cancellations, or could you just clarify that comment on the cancellation rate for the fourth quarter in the wholesale business? You made some comments about pricing reductions and therefore you didn't have cancellations, I just wanted to understand.
Thomas A. George: Some of the -- another element on the background relative to adjusting prices was to be cautious about what cancellations may occur in the fourth quarter, so that, that was also another decision factor in the price change. So to this point in time, there's still i.e. in the footwear business, there's an opportunity for cancellations. But given where we're at right now, we haven't really modeled any cancellations of any significant -- any significance into the fourth quarter guidance.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And I guess that would change, I mean if the weather turned against you, obviously that would change that, that picture there, is that fair to say?
Thomas A. George: Yes. It would certainly be something that the major players would have to consider. Gets back on, just like you said, gets back on Angel's comment whatever their inventory level is.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly, just on the international side, which you haven't really talked too much about. I guess -- what, I guess, are your thoughts, you've seen before, I mean, U.K. was a little bit worse than, I guess, I thought it would've been, but can you talk about some other markets, just visibility there, just kind of your thoughts going forward, any potential churns, anything at all as it pertains to international side of the business.
Thomas A. George: Yes, I'll give you some color on that, on -- for the fourth quarter, when I talked about some of the European wholesale and distributor business being down some. That's really not a U.K. phenomenon that business has still some challenges, but it's really more of the Netherlands part of the Benelux phenomenon and then and our Japanese wholesale business continues to grow. We're pleased about that, and also in Asia Pacific, we have a new distributor in Korea, good sized footwear market. We're excited about that opportunity and we're excited about other launching other brands into China, then there's Latin America as well. We're going to and won't get into some of our strategic planning relative to Latin America, but essentially. We're not there now. There's an opportunity there as well.
Angel R. Martinez: And there's -- we tend to focus on UGG in these conversations on these calls, but the fact is that Sanuk has a significant opportunity with retail particularly around the world. They currently operate over 50 stores, distributor-owned stores in Asia. And they performed quite well. They're not expensive to put up, and excellent margins. So that's an opportunity. The other thing, let me just say this about the U.K. Our business in the U.K. is actually improving, improving significantly from -- certainly from a cleaning up the distribution sort of point of view. We have a lot less promotional activity that's going on there now as a result of the team's effort to clean things up. We look a lot better at retail in terms of spread and assortment of product versus just being very classic-focused as we were in the past years. So that, I think, bodes well. And that business has very certainly stabilized. As Tom said, it's the Benelux and the economic downturn there that has been the issue in Europe.
Operator: And we'll go next to Christian Buss with Credit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a bit about the cadence of SG&A, the declines this quarter and what implied acceleration of SG&A spend in the fourth quarter. Can you walk me through the puts and takes their a little bit?
Thomas A. George: Yes, in the third quarter, we had a combination of things going on in the third quarter. Some of which, mainly some marketing, close to $4 million shift to the fourth quarter. We had some FX benefit in the fourth quarter in SG&A, the retail expenses came in lower than planned and lower legal expenses than originally planned. And then you move into the fourth quarter, you're going to pick up that marketing expense and open up more retail stores. And I think that the fourth quarter is obviously the biggest SG&A quarter. More marketing, significantly more relative to the prior year in the fourth quarter. So that's...
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And did you make any shift in you're plannings for discretionary SG&A spending? Have there been any reductions, any headcount reductions, any proactive shifts in the SG&A spend?
Thomas A. George: We've -- to my earlier points, we have been very cautious there and very prudent there in terms of managing manpower, managing the growth of manpower in the fourth quarter. We've been more cautious on some legal in terms of how we can be even more productive. We're very productive from an anti-counterfeit perspective and finding the bad guys around the world. But we're more and more, evaluating more effective methods to do that. And most of the times, those are more cost-effective methods. So those are some -- just some of the initiatives that we've undertaken to try to control the SG&A.
Operator: And we'll go to our next question from Diana Katz from Lazard Capital Markets.
Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: On the price adjustments domestically, can you comment on the decision to limit the adjustments to just 3 styles? There's still quite a few classic boots with higher prices year-over-year, like the Bailey triples still at $230. Why keep the prices on the other styles?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, those were the key styles. Those are the more significant styles. We really -- it's a combination of the volume we do in those products and what consumers told us. That's really where the pain points were for consumers. So that's why that decision. We feel that on the -- like for example, the fashion product and the non-classic boots are priced well for the quality that we have in the product. We've seen lots of boots out there in the market at $180 and $200, but frankly, the quality is not what we would feel acceptable. So we're trying to work very hard to offer better quality at the most competitive price we can. And as the next year rolls around with some of the innovations, you're going to see even more of that.
Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Just on the fashion side, do you feel that you have the right fashion this season, and are you open to considering promoting your fashion products when needed to be more in line with how your competitors are running their businesses?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we feel that we have the right fashion once the product was delivered as I mentioned. There were some late deliveries, and so what people may have seen as our fashion collection early in the season, if they go out and look at the line now, they'll see it's a much more complete assortment, primarily because we had late deliveries from factories. So -- and our performance at retail with those products has improved significantly since the complete line arrived at retail. In terms of how people operate, that's up to the retailer. They'll make decisions about what they do. Our approach is to offer the best quality product we can at a very fair price. We have been constrained again as I said because of sheepskin pricing, and we feel that those constraints are being mitigated through everything we're doing for next year. So you're going to see next year much sharper price points given some of this innovation and more aggressive approach to our assortment and being very precise about the kind of assortments we put together. In other words, we now have had enough experience in the fashion boot market that we have a sense of what is appropriate UGG product, what people want from us and what opportunities there are. And we intend to be very competitive in going out and getting that.
Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then, Angel, you mentioned in Europe when discussing the businesses there some issues in the Netherlands, can you elaborate on that?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, that's our Benelux region that we were directing there. That market has been a challenge. They've -- to drill down into the macro issues in Europe, the Netherlands has had many issues there. They've had some leather as well, but that market is characterized by a lot of smaller independents as opposed to major retailers. So as a result of that, they're more sensitive to macroeconomic issues and inventory buildup because of the weather and things like that. So that's been the issue there.
Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And just to remind me, is the Benelux larger than the U.K. of a market for you.
Angel R. Martinez: No, it's a smaller market.
Thomas A. George: Smaller market.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the conference back to our speakers for any additional or closing remarks.
Angel R. Martinez: Thank you very much, everyone, for participating on the call. I hope you get the sense that we're certainly not sitting here waiting for the weather to punch us in the face. That's not our approach. We've been proactive at controlling expenses. We've been proactive at innovating new product. We've been proactive at expanding retail opportunities to maximize profitability, and we'll continue to do that. And I think the key word is flexibility, where we've looked at our business and said, "Okay, what are the things that we need to address to continue to be a profitable great opportunity for investors." And that's our long-term objective, and we will continue to perform. Obviously, this is not a quarter in which we're feeling great about everything, but we are feeling great about our strategy, we're feeling great about our brand, and we'll make whatever necessary changes we need to make to assure a profitable future. Thank you, all, very much.
Operator: And that does conclude today's conference call. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-07-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Angel R. Martinez - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Jessica Schoen - Barclays Capital, Research Division Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference is being recorded. Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call regarding the company's expectations, beliefs and views about its future financial performance, brand strategies and cost structure are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to the company's anticipated revenues, expenses, earnings, gross margin, capital expenditures, brand strategies and cost structure, as well as the outlook for the company's markets and the demand for its products. The forward-looking statements made on this call are based on currently available information, and because its business is subject to a number of risk and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond its control, actual operating results in the future may differ materially from the future financial performance expected at the current time. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its Annual Report on Form 10-K, and its other documents filed with the SEC. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly release or update the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn the conference over to the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors, Angel Martinez. Please go ahead, sir.
Angel R. Martinez: Well thanks, operator and welcome to everyone joining us today. With me on the call are Zohar Ziv, Chief Operating Officer; and Tom George, Chief Financial Officer. We're encouraged by the sales trends we experienced in several areas of our business during the quarter. Overall, sales increased 13% over the second quarter last year versus our projection of 8% as our direct-to-consumer channel delivered better-than-expected results. This included a 7% comparable store sales increase on top of a 24% increase a year ago and 40% growth of our eCommerce business. We expect that our direct-to-consumer channel will be a key component of our future success both in terms of growth opportunities and enhancing the valuable connection between our brand and consumers. We took an important step towards strengthening this platform by appointing David Powers as President of Direct to Consumer. He brings a vast amount of global experience to this newly created role, which encompasses both our eCommerce and retail operations. This is critical as we continue to build out our store base, particularly in Asia and further evolve our digital capabilities in the years ahead. Before we get into a deeper operational review, I want to reiterate what was announced in conjunction with today's earnings. After completing our $100 million stock repurchase program during the second quarter, our Board of Directors recently authorized a new $200 million repurchase program. We're very pleased with this decision as we believe that buying back stock at current price levels will provide a significant return on investment. So turning to the brands. The UGG brand's second quarter was filled with many positives. In addition to the direct-to-consumer performance I noted earlier, domestic wholesale sales increased double digits highlighted by strong sell-through of fashion sandals and flip-flops. The spring line had a good season, which we believe bodes well for sell-in of the 2013 line as confidence in our expanding non-boot collections continues to grow with retailers. During the quarter, we shipped initial fall deliveries to several domestic accounts, including Nordstrom, ahead of their anniversary sale. While it is obviously very early, well ahead of our main selling season, we believe that the sell-through data over the past few weeks have been positive. With regard to Nordstrom, the women's fashion styles included in this year's sale are performing well, underscoring our belief that the brand is continuing to expand successfully beyond its traditional roots and is attracting new consumers. Getting back to the direct-to-consumer business, our U.S. stores posted a mid-single digit comp increase as in-season demand for spring and summer styles remained healthy through the end of the quarter. Regarding new stores, we opened our first-ever men's only shop next to our Madison Avenue store in New York City in early June. The early results have exceeded our expectations, which we believe reflects the growing momentum of the men's line coming off a strong year in 2011. We witnessed similarly strong demand for open-toe products on our domestic eCommerce site. The women's Ansley and Luciana did particularly well. The men's slipper casual and sandal categories, along with the women's slipper and fashion sandals all delivered double-digit increases. Our international sales were down in the second quarter as weakness in Europe outweighed the strength in Asia. In Europe, second quarter sales of our UGG brand declined in line with our projections as our largest distributors reduced their fall orders this year due to the inventory overhang created by the combination of a warm winter, worsening economies and deteriorating consumer confidence. Our European wholesale business was down, although I can note that second quarter sell-through in the U.K. was positive across virtually all product classes. We've implemented many organizational and distribution changes over the past 6 months in order to get this business on track. These include price adjustments on key styles to increase accessibility, tighten distribution to better reflect the UGG brand's positioning and increase investments in local marketing and visual merchandising to ensure our product is front and center at point of purchase during key consumer buying periods. After a challenging 12 months for our European retail division, we believe that the situation has stabilized somewhat evidenced by a high single digit same-store sales gain for the second quarter. Expanding our retail footprint in the U.K., as well as France and the Benelux is a key aspect to our strategy to evolve the UGG brand's lifestyle position. During the quarter, and ahead of the Olympics, we opened one store in the U.K. in a terrific location in Piccadilly, in addition to one store in Benelux. We're on schedule to open 4 more stores in the U.K. in the second half of this year, plus 2 stores in France. While the second quarter is always a low-volume quarter for our retail and the majority of our retail sales are concentrated in the fourth quarter, we're encouraged by these results. Lastly, Asia exhibited nice growth. Distributor sales for the UGG brand in Asia increased 70% versus a year ago, and our Japanese business, which is wholesale, retail and eCommerce, collectively was up more than 80% over the second quarter last year, bouncing back nicely from the earthquake impact, driven by a strong double-digit comp increase, additional retail locations and a larger assortment of spring product at key wholesale accounts. As of June 30, we had 12 retail stores in Japan, 3 of which are now in the comp base. As we previously announced, we purchased the remaining minority interest in our China joint venture in April. We are bullish about the UGG brand's opportunities in this incredibly large market and continue to execute a strategy aimed at building a long term, sustainable business in this region. We ended the second quarter with 13 stores in China, up from 5 a year ago. Our recent expansion has been focused on back-filling existing metro areas in order to best leverage our current infrastructure. As a result, our stores in China are some of the most profitable in our international fleet, even with double digit declines in our 3 comp stores from some expected cannibalization. We have learned a good deal this year about the style and fit preferences in the Chinese market, for example, foot shape and heel height has had -- all made adjustments to the assortment for 2013. We're also adding more resources to improve execution and future results, including more real estate support and increased investments in local marketing and advertising. And based on his experience, we believe that Dave Powers will be integral to this part of our business as it evolves and expands over the next several years. Turning to the Teva brand, net sales for the second quarter decreased 15.4% to $34.1 million compared to $40.3 million for the same period last year. The Teva brand's second quarter performance in the U.S. was very similar to the first quarter, strong sell-in and good sell-through driven by demand for our iconic sports sandal line and a growing assortment of light hiking and multisport footwear. However, record domestic wholesale sales and growth in domestic eCommerce sales were offset by a decline in international sales. Europe continues to be challenging. Following last summer's wet leather, which led retailers to order cautiously, we believe that the slowdown of the Eurozone economy this year has tightened consumer spending even further, leading retailers to be similarly cautious. Domestically, despite good spring sell-through and award-winning fall product, reorder expectations in the second half of the year have been reduced as many key customers continue to struggle with carryover inventory of other fall winter brands following the mild weather. With the added economic uncertainty, the trend of conservative purchasing is expected to continue in the near term. However, we continue to be confident that the brand has the authenticity, positioning and product to expand its share of the domestic and European outdoor market, and we expect growth to resume when things stabilize. The Sanuk brand delivered another outstanding performance. Strong sell-in during the first quarter was followed by strong sell-through, leading to a high level of reorders in the second quarter. The Sanuk brand's success continues to be broad based with both open and closed-toe footwear sales up strong double digits. From a channel perspective, the brand remains one of the leaders in independent action sports stores, while continuing to gain traction with more mainstream specialty and department stores, as well as key online retailers. The Sanuk brand's eCommerce business delivered equally impressive results, driven by a great product offering and by the integration of sanuk.com with Deckers' eCommerce platform. With the brand now on the platform, we can begin driving a higher level of consumer engagement and incorporate the Sanuk brand into our overall eCommerce strategy. Overseas, the brand's momentum is building in Asia as distributors continue to roll out Sanuk brand stores. In aggregate, the performance of these stores has been very promising, which we believe illustrates the Sanuk brand's growth prospects in the region, as well as the opportunity to develop company-operated stores in the U.S. and other direct markets. With that, I'll turn the call over to Tom.
Thomas A. George: Thanks, Angel. Today's earnings release contains a good amount of detail about our second quarter sales and earnings, including sales by brand, channel and geography. Therefore, I'm not -- I'm going to limit my discussion primarily to gross margins, operating expenses, the balance sheet and guidance. Gross margins for the second quarter was 42.2% compared to 42.7% in the second quarter of last year. The 50 basis point decline is primarily attributable to an increase in product cost, the negative mix impact of a decline in Europe wholesale sales and foreign exchange, partially offset by the contribution of Sanuk brand and increased pricing compared with a year ago. Gross margin for the second quarter of 2012 was 80 basis points below our expectations, primarily due to lower wholesale margins in Europe. Total SG&A expense for the quarter was $102.3 million or 58.6% of net sales compared to $76.7 million or 49.7% of net sales a year ago. SG&A increased primarily due to an additional $14.8 million of operating expenses from owning the Sanuk brand, which includes $7.2 million related to the estimated earn-out liability and the amortization of intangible assets. $8.2 million of the increase in SG&A relates to additional retail expenses, most of which is for the 21 new retail stores that were not opened during the second quarter last year. We're investing in personnel and infrastructure to support a more aggressive store rollout as we plan to build towards a base of approximately 200 stores by the end of 2015. In addition, excluding Sanuk, we had an increase of $3.9 million in marketing, primarily related to the UGG brand's men's and classic campaigns. Operating expenses were below expectations, primarily due to reduced retail, legal and several other general and administrative expenses. The operating loss for the second quarter was $22.7 million compared to $10.8 million last year, primarily the result of the aforementioned increases in expenses. We recorded income tax benefit of $8.4 million in the second quarter compared to $3.2 million in the second quarter last year. Second quarter diluted loss per share was $0.53 comparing to our guidance for a loss of $0.60. The upside was driven by a higher forecasted domestic sales and lower operating expenses, offset by $0.07 of additional expense related to an increase in the estimated earn-out liability of the Sanuk brand due to increased confidence in the long term earnings outlook for the brand. Now turning to the balance sheet. At June 30, 2012, inventory increased 64.8% to $346.3 million from $210 million at June 30, 2011. By brand, compared to June 30, 2011, UGG brand inventory increased $130.1 million to $308.9 million. Teva brand inventory decreased $1.1 million to $21.1 million, and our other brands inventory decreased $2 million to $7 million. Inventories for the Sanuk brand, which was acquired on July 1, 2011, was $9.3 million at June 30, 2012. The $130.1 million increase in UGG inventory was primarily attributable to the growth of fall 2012 inventory, including the growth of our consumer direct division carryover product from the 2011 holiday period, which we plan to utilize to fulfill orders during 2012 and an increase in product cost. I'd like to provide more detail regarding our comfort with the quality of UGG brand inventory. At June 30, 2012, current fall inventory represented approximately 85% of the total UGG brand inventory, and the remaining 15% inventory is spring inventory or inventory currently utilized or available for our retail outlets. Although the absolute increase in fall inventory is approximately $105 million, approximately $80 million of that increase is in classics and slippers for which we have orders, and the remaining $25 million is for fall 2012 delivery for which the majority that we have orders as well. In addition, increased product cost of approximately $40 million and approximately $10 million related to 21 additional retail stores are also driving the increase in fall and spring inventory. We still anticipate percentage year-over-year inventory growth to decline in the back half of the year as we sell the carryover inventory. During the quarter, we repurchased 1.5 million shares of stock for a total of $80 million. As Angel mentioned earlier, we've completed the $100 million stock repurchase program authorized by our Board of Directors this past February, and the board has authorized a new $200 million stock repurchase program to begin in the third quarter 2012. The new authorization will be funded by existing and future cash balances in addition to borrowings from our current credit facility, which we're in the process of expanding. Now moving on to our outlook. Taking into account our better-than-expected second quarter results and the positive impact from share repurchases made during the second quarter, combined with the continued uncertainty in Europe, including a higher dollar versus the European currencies, a higher than previously projected tax rate and increased Sanuk earn-out expenses, we are maintaining our current full year outlook. We still expect 2012 revenues to increase approximately 14% over 2011 levels and diluted earnings per share to decrease between 9% and 10%. Keep in mind, the completed share repurchase does not reduce the total year's share count to the same level as Q3 or Q4 share counts. For the full year, we still expect UGG brand sales to increase by approximately 10%. We now expect Teva brand sales to be flat to slightly down compared to our prior guidance of growth in the low to mid-single-digit range, while Sanuk brand sales are now projected to be approximately $95 million, up from our prior guidance of approximately $90 million. Combined sales of our other brands, which represent only $21 million of forecasted annual sales are still expected to be down approximately 15%. Our forecast is still based on a full year gross margin decline of approximately 250 basis points and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 30%. Based on a higher mix of domestic pretax income, our tax rate is now forecasted to be approximately 32%, up from our previous projection of approximately 31%. Our full year SG&A projection now includes approximately $17 million or $0.30 per diluted share associated with the amortization and accretion expenses related to the Sanuk brand acquisition, up from our previous guidance of $13 million or $0.23 per diluted share. For the year, we still expect capital expenditures to be approximately $80 million, with roughly $30 million allocated to the construction of our new headquarters, $30 million for new store openings, as well as store and showroom remodels, $10 million going to IT and maintenance projects, $4 million to upgrade our retail operating system, and the remaining $6 million for additional corporate infrastructure. For the third quarter of 2012, we expect revenues to increase approximately 1% and diluted earnings per share to decrease approximately 31% from the third quarter 2011 levels. This guidance assumes a gross margin of approximately 43% and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 28%. Included in our SG&A projection is roughly $3.3 million or $0.06 per diluted share in expenses related to amortization and accretion expenses related to the Sanuk brand acquisition. The tax rate for Q3 is estimated to be 31%. For the fourth quarter of 2012, we expect revenues to increase approximately 19% and diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 22% over fourth quarter 2011 levels. This guidance assumes a gross margin of approximately 50%, SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 21%. Included in our SG&A projection is roughly $3.3 million or $0.06 per diluted share in expenses related to the amortization and accretion expenses related to the Sanuk brand acquisition. The tax rate for Q4 is estimated to be 32%. I'll now turn the call back over to Angel.
Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Tom. As we prepare for our busiest selling period and look out beyond 2012, we feel good about our prospects and are encouraged by some external trends that could benefit our results going forward. Most importantly, we continue to operate a portfolio of brands each of which we believe has multiple growth opportunities in both the U.S. and international markets. Based on several factors, including spring performance, conversations with key retail partners and market research, we believe the UGG brand has never been stronger. Specifically, recent data tells us that consumer loyalty has increased over the past 2-plus years and as a percentage of people who have purchased UGG brand product are now wearing it more frequently. Similarly, there has been a meaningful step up in intent to purchase during the same period, while the brand recently received high marks for salience versus the competition. Taken all together, this gives us added confidence as we approach the brand's key selling season. We believe that the Sanuk brand hasn't even begun to scratch the surface of its full potential and moves into fall with a lot of momentum and good placement for its first true line of colder weather product. The Teva brand exhibited good domestic sell-through this spring and summer and continues to make solid progress, building share in the broader outdoor category through innovative closed-toe product introductions. Another positive trend is the decline in sheepskin prices. While we have yet to finalize negotiations with our key suppliers for our 2013 raw material needs, it appears prices have continued to come down from the historic highs at which we locked in during the back half of last year. I would remind everyone that we purchase sheepskin from tanneries in China, not directly from farmers in Australia and there are added costs in our price versus what has been reported in recent news articles. Furthermore, the prices for the different grades of sheepskin do not move in direct correlation with one another. The key takeaway is that based on current visibility, we're expecting our price for premium twin-face sheepskin to decline in 2013 versus 2012. That said, we do not anticipate prices to revert to 2011 levels. We'll be able to share more on our cost basis and provide more detailed color on the impact to next year's gross margins on the Q3 call in October. To close, the entire organization is focused on executing strategies that we believe will allow us to carry on our strong track record of profitable growth. Thank you for your continued interest in Deckers Outdoor. Operator, we're ready now to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We will take our first question from Mr. Bob Drbul with Barclays.
Jessica Schoen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is Jessica Schoen on for Bob. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more information on the performance in the international wholesale business, and what was the cause of the difference in what you saw in your direct to consumer in Europe specifically where it seemed to be quite a bit stronger?
Thomas A. George: Jessica, this is Tom. On the international wholesale business, we had a -- we mentioned we had a good business in Asia, our Japanese wholesale business there. And on the Europe side, that was -- we saw pressures even on the last call. We talked about the European wholesale business. And those pressures continue in Europe. We're seeing some better signs in the U.K., in the European wholesale business vis-à-vis, let's say, the Benelux in that business. And back on the retail side, we're just really pleased with how we've been able to improve our performance in the U.K. retail stores during the quarter.
Jessica Schoen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, and then on -- as far as the different geographic regions in the U.S., I was wondering if in the less weather-sensitive months of the year, like the quarter you just reported, if there is any kind of difference in the discrepancy between warm and colder regions, their respective performances.
Angel R. Martinez: No, not really, I mean, we saw a pretty strong performance across the board on our spring line. Sandals did well as I mentioned earlier. A variety of product that just a few years ago wouldn't have been thought of as UGG product performed quite well, and we saw that in every corner of the country.
Operator: And we will take our next question from Mitch Kummetz with Robert Baird.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Let me start on the fourth quarter guidance. I was hoping you could just help us get to the 19% growth that you guys are forecasting. And what I mean by that is, I know you guys are opening a lot of stores. Can you maybe just speak to the comp that you're expecting within your retail business. I mean, talk a little bit about how you expect the wholesale piece to come together relative to your backlog and then talk about kind of your eCommerce expectation as well.
Thomas A. George: This is Tom. On the fourth quarter, the retail perspective -- and we are opening a good amount of stores in the fourth quarter, and we're also encouraged by the recent performance and the comp performance. So we are looking for -- really consistent with prior quarters sort of a mid-single-digit comp assumption going into the back -- ended up the year on more of a mid-single-digit comp assumption, I should say. So there's a strong comp assumption in the fourth quarter. The domestic wholesale business between the added men's line, the additional marketing, we've got Sanuk. We expect some good growth in Sanuk in the fourth quarter as well, and our eCommerce business, more international growth, as well as domestic growth. All those factors make us feel comfortable with that fourth quarter sales growth number.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Let me ask the question maybe another way. I know last year in Q4 you had some cancellations. I think there was some closeouts that hurt gross margin. The [indiscernible] business was a bit soft. What are you thinking in terms of those areas this year versus last year. I mean, does the guidance at this point assume fairly dramatic improvement in those areas or is there still room for upside assuming we have more normal weather, and you can get that kind of improvement.
Thomas A. George: It's more of a moderate and sort of the average improvement is the way we look at sort of reorder possibilities in the wholesale business and with our inventory levels, we do have the opportunity to chase some more business here in the fourth quarter if there is -- the weather does really react in our favor.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Let me ask one last thing. Your guidance as of the last quarter, I think you were saying by region, you expected international to be up mid-teens, I think maybe U.S. up mid-teens as well. Looks like international's tracking kind of plus, I think I've got it 7% through the first half. I mean, are you changing kind of your outlook for the year in terms of those regions or is it still what it was as of the last call?
Thomas A. George: We're looking at on the international side, pretty consistent for the total year on the international side, growth pretty consistent with what we've now incurred for the first half of the year.
Operator: We'll now take our next question from Mr. Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: I wanted to follow up on the guidance, 3Q versus 4Q. But on the gross margin side, it looks like, I think you mentioned 600 bps in 3Q pressure and only 100 in the fourth quarter. Can you tell me what's -- and I think one implies, I don't know, 43% margin versus a 50% margin. Can you help us kind of understand kind of the underlying dynamics there. Is it a mixed shift issue? Is it a channel shift issue? Wholesale versus retail? Or different merchandise products? Or is there some reason that the inflation that you've seen in the sourcing side of it hitting more in the third quarter than in the fourth quarter? Just kind of help us understand the setup on the gross margin differential, it'd be really helpful.
Thomas A. George: Omar, this is Tom. Yes, the third quarter doesn't have the same retail store eCommerce contribution that the fourth quarter has. So therefore, it's more vulnerable, so to speak, to the increased sheepskin cost that we've experienced this year. So that's why they're such a drag on the third quarter gross margins. And I think another thing is, we're being more cautious with our international business this year especially Europe from a margin perspective vis-à-vis the prior year. So that's another reason that puts the pressure on the third quarter gross margin versus the fourth quarter.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And that's a bigger third quarter business, the international goods wholesale?
Thomas A. George: Yes, it's a good sized business in the third quarter. But the biggest driver is -- Omar, just to -- the biggest driver is the fact that there's just not as much retail business in the third quarter versus the fourth quarter. So you really get -- bear a lot of the brunt of that increased sheepskin cost.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. Got you. And then Angel, I want to ask you a question about the U.S. business versus the European business or the international business maybe in international in total, given some of the comps -- negative comps on China, yes, I know it's been a drag in the U.K., down 14% or 15% in the quarter. The U.S. business still looking pretty healthy. The comps are good. The wholesale was up. Is there something different in terms of how the brand is being interpreted by consumers or how it's being accepted or the perception or is it that it was more of a distributorship business and you really haven't had a chance to put your brand stamp on it, so there's a disconnect there. But just help us understand what seemed to be pretty 2 different trends, U.S. versus international for the UGG brand.
Angel R. Martinez: Well fundamentally, we often forget that the brand has had many years of evolution in the U.S. We've evolved the fashion program here in the U.S. separate and distinct from -- and rounding out our classic business, our core classic business. It has only been a very short period of time, I'd say, 2 years since we really began an aggressive effort to evolve the non-classic product assortment in the U.K. and when you have a distributor-driven model like we had, the distributor is going to focus on the smallest number of SKUs to drive the highest revenue, and so they were primarily a core classic business and really, only until we opened our stores that we start exposing consumers to more of what the UGG brand represents. Also the U.K. comps were up in Q2 by the way, which is important to note. So the fact that the consumer in the U.K. is seeing a more -- a broader assortment of product bodes really well. Slippers are doing well there, and that's something that we've been trying to get established in the U.K. for quite a long time, and it was very difficult to do through a third party. So that's important to understand. There's a difference in the timing and the rollout of non-core classic product, and that's just starting to hit in the last season or 2. And with reference to Asia, again in those markets, since they're -- in China, for example, we've been primarily driven by our retail operation, there's no wholesale business. The consumers have seen a broad assortment from day 1, and that's performing well. In Japan, we had the same issue until we took over, where the distributor was primarily focusing on core classic. And again, in the last 2 seasons, we've been driving diversification of the assortment and the mix in Japan. So the brand in the U.S. has got about a 5 or 6-year head start on the rest of the world and footwear being the type of business it is, it's awfully hard on a wholesale environment to go in with such a broad assortment of product in the first years because retailers do have to have a foundation of sell-through and confidence to continue to expand the product line, and we're earning that every single day as we continue to evolve outside of the U.S.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And if I can just ask one more follow up. How do you think about innovation at core UGG product and the silhouette? Do you have any things up your sleeve this fall on holiday and into next year in terms of some innovation around the core product, whether it's different silhouettes that still use the sheepskin. How do you think about that process?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, that's a crucial part of any brand's long-term success, and we've been extremely focused on that. You'll begin to see beginning in this holiday period, for example, in limited distribution, but nevertheless very important new products from UGG. More of what we call, really sort of re-evolving the ultra part of our line, which is actually more weather oriented, but I wouldn't say cold-weather product. So that's coming. You're going to see next year, a lot of innovation in our core classic. And we've been listening to what consumers have been saying. We want to have product that's more durable. We want to have product that's even more luxurious. We want to have product that gives better support. We want to have product that grips better, so all of those things are coming as we continue to evolve the classic line. So yes, really important.
Operator: And we'll take our next question from Mr. Jim Duffy with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions. One, with respect to the outlook. I'm hoping you can shed some more light on your expectation embedded within the guidance for the U.S. wholesale business, and I'm also wondering if that outlook for the wholesale business contains any planned clearance sales or is the fall '11 clearance effort past you at this point?
Thomas A. George: Yes, Jim, this is Tom. We expect some good growth in the U.S. wholesale business, more of that in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. As part of any footwear brand, there's always an element of closeouts in the mix. The fourth quarter is not really a large closeout quarter. That's more of a first quarter phenomenon. So I hope that answers your question on that.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Sure. I guess, I'm wondering if you still have fall '11 inventory that you don't view to be in line or have orders for that you're looking to close out in the back half of the year?
Thomas A. George: Jim, there's always a certain element of that, but not a significant amount really, because our product, I commented about the classics and then the orders we have on that. Because historically, there's been very minimal amount of closeouts for classics and in the non-classic product, we don't take large bets on that. So there's a minimum amount of that that's left over at any point in time, and that does get closed out. Similar that it did in the first quarter of this year. So your sort of standard operating procedure for a footwear company, minimal amount in the fourth quarter.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I got you. And then, Angel, some encouraging comments on sell-through being positive in the U.K, based on what you see in the U.K. at this point, do you believe the wholesale business is finding a base in 2012 upon which you can build in '13? Or do you think it could take more time to get the brand positioning where you want it to make forward progress.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we feel we've made excellent progress in terms of the assortment at the wholesale level, diversifying away from the strictly classic orientation. Our retail stores, as I said earlier, are really helping us do that. Now we just really are, as everyone else, dependent on the macroeconomic conditions and really consumer confidence bouncing back in the U.K. perhaps after the Olympics and all of the energy that comes after that, we'll begin to see some of that. But in terms of our line and the assortment and distribution, those things have been cleaned up. I'm feeling pretty good about all that stuff.
Operator: Our next question is from Howard Tubin with RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Tom, can you give us any more detail on inventory growth? I know you said it's going to moderate as we move throughout the year. Should we think about it up slightly at the end of the year? Or are we still talking about up kind of like maybe 30% or 40%, any more color there?
Thomas A. George: Yes, I mean, it won't be up slightly because we're growing our business. On the fourth quarter, we're going to have to make sure we've got the spring inventory in on time to be able to move it -- to have it available for the first quarter. So it won't be slightly. It will be -- it won't obviously won't be up to the same levels as it is -- as it has been. I'd say, it's mostly in the fourth quarter, more of a 30% kind of increase relative to the fourth quarter of last year.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Got it. Got it. Great. And then in terms of -- I mean, if it actually snows this winter, how do you feel about your ability to chase into some reorders if they come in? Will you have enough product to fulfill reorders should they materialize this year?
Thomas A. George: Yes, we feel good about that. We feel that we have got the right amount of inventory that will chase some -- obviously, to chase some business this year.
Operator: Our next question is from Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Hoping you can shed some light on the third quarter sales guidance and maybe parse out a little bit of what's going on there with domestic wholesale versus international wholesale. What was the source there of the 1% growth.
Thomas A. George: On the third quarter, the international business -- Europe, we've talked about all the uncertainties we have been having in Europe, and the pressure that we're seeing there and relative to the prior year, the European business is going to be down, but we feel good where the Asian business is headed. The Asian business is going to be up some and then the domestic business is going to be slightly up as well in the third quarter, and then we've got some more retail stores sort of coming in towards the middle to the late end of the third quarter.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Great. And just on retail, do you have your new store productivity for the second quarter?
Thomas A. George: Yes, we certainly have that. I mean, we don't really get into all the economics of all the individual stores. We've been pleased about the productivity. We commented about the China stores, and albeit they're smaller stores relative to the U.S., the returns on capital there have been very good. You saw the improvement on the comp in the Japanese markets with those comp stores. Those returns have been very good and obviously, the U.S. business, the stores have done very well.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Okay. So then maybe just to ask another way then, for the Chinese comps, so we're down double digits if I remember correctly, could you just maybe highlight what the first -- 1, 2 or 3 reasons were then that continue to drive that decline in the comp base?
Thomas A. George: I think some of the product assortment we commented on the call, we're learning from the Chinese market that we may need to have somewhat of a different product assortment. I think another thing is some cannibalization. As we opened more new stores on a staggered basis as opposed to opening all the stores in one metropolitan market at the same time, you by definition get some cannibalization, especially as you have more learning and as you open each store. So those are some of the reasons why there's -- and I think another thing that we've talked to you about this, we're going to improve the -- and increase the marketing for that market to improve the awareness of the UGG brand and educate the Chinese consumer about what a real UGG is versus some of the down-market competitors and knockoffs there. So those are some of the headwinds we face in China that we're working to improve for the rest of the year.
Camilo R. Lyon - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Got it. And if I could just squeeze in one last one. Any plans to go outside or to pursue different retail locations in the U.S. versus relative to the urban areas that you've been targeting right now?
Angel R. Martinez: No, we really don't plan to extend far beyond our current strategy. Realistically, we think there's probably 50 locations in the U.S. appropriate for an UGG store and really don't see a reason to go beyond that in the long term.
Operator: Our next question is from Scott Krasik with BB&T Capital Markets.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Angel, the issue around pricing I think has concerned investors, and retailers have expressed some issue. Do you feel any more confident or do you have any evidence versus 3 months ago that consumers will accept Classic Talls at $210 or Bailey Buttons at $230, $235. Have you seen any of that up to this point.
Angel R. Martinez: It's still too early to comment definitively on that. Obviously, I'm as concerned about the pricing as anyone. I have always felt that this is an accessible brand, and we have to really understand where those thresholds of accessibility are. We really do feel that $200 is a threshold price point. We've tried very, very hard not to go above that and we're working hard to make sure that we come back to that, where sheepskin pricing allows us to do so. One thing to understand though in terms of the total mix, those tall products are not a significant percentage of what we sell. I mean, those are a small percentage of our total mix. The bulk of it is Classic Short in terms of classic assortment, Bailey Button Mini and those kind of products, which use less sheepskin and obviously have lower price points. So I guess to answer your question, on long term, I see us operating within those thresholds that we've established that we know consumers will be wanting to see from the brand in order for the brand to remain as accessible as possible worldwide.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: That's a good answer. And then just a question on China. I mean, there's been some speculation, reports where in that you bungled your store locations and you put the stores in the wrong malls or the wrong parts of the mall. I mean, is it a situation where you need to start over? Do you feel good about the locations you have and as more stores enter the comp base, we'll start to see that turn positive?
Angel R. Martinez: I think our locations are the envy of most people in our footwear business in Asia. I don't understand the comment that we bungled the store locations. I think if anything else -- if nothing else, what we have learned is that we may have gone a little bit too far down the luxury part of the mall. So that pulling back just a little bit from that yields much higher traffic and much more revenue opportunity, much more exposure to more consumers. So I'd always rather come from a place where we started out as a little bit too high end and then had to back off just slightly from that in order to reach more people. So the strategy going forward will be exactly that. We'll be diversifying our store mix in secondary cities and in secondary locations within cities to create a mix of what I would call premium high end versus exclusively luxury, and our initial thrust was pretty much luxury.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And the consumer in China's interested as much on the accessible luxury as luxury in your mix?
Angel R. Martinez: Well I think as the consumer evolves in any market, especially a market like China. After a while, they begin to understand that it isn't just about wearing a label, they want true price value for their purchase, and they start to understand, well, why should I pay so much more when I can get a product at a more reasonable price that's just as good. And so that's the sophistication of the consumer. You're starting to see that. Whereas a few years ago, into the last year, you really saw an extreme label consciousness. They had to have the label at all cost. I think you're starting to see a mitigation of that. It's starting to come down to a -- yes, they still want premium labels, but they're also becoming much more savvy consumers, and that's a natural evolution of the consumer.
Operator: Our next question is from Diana Katz with Lazard Capital Markets.
Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Given the new authorization, what share count should we be modeling for the year? And how should we think about the cash balance and operating cash flow by year end?
Thomas A. George: With the new authorization, we really can't comment on what the company's intentions are relative to when they're going to repurchase, and what volumes and obviously at what price. So I can't comment on that. I did comment on the call to be sensitive to the fourth quarter share count versus the third quarter and the fourth quarter because they have more of an impact because of the share repurchase we did complete. On an operating cash flow basis, we feel good where we're at. I commented on the inventory growth. I think we might end the year at close to 30%, roughly growth compared to the prior year. Our receivable balances should be up some, consistent with the growth in our wholesale business. So we should be able to generate good free cash flow, then to have that available for what repurchasing we do and in when and what quarters we do that. I think another point to make is, we have good support from our banking group, and we're looking at expanding our revolving line of credit up to as much as doubling the size of our line of credit to have more flexibility going forward.
Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: And then for 4Q, can you parse out what percent should that business you already have orders for?
Thomas A. George: Yes, I mean, I think the comment that we have for the domestic wholesale business is consistent with prior years. We've got a good amount of that business already. We have orders for that. Keep in mind, the fourth quarter with even more retail stores than a year ago, there's going to be a lot of that once business. Our European business now with the concerns we have and how the macro backdrop there, most of that business now is preordered as well. So hope that answers your question.
Operator: Our next question is from Christian Buss with Crédit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you could provide a little bit of color about how you're thinking longer term about the balance between growth with your historical wholesale partners and growth in the direct-to-consumer channel?
Angel R. Martinez: Sure. Long term, we are a wholesale-driven enterprise. It's important today to have a complete presentation of the brands to consumers, eCommerce, your own retail stores, wholesale and within wholesale, shop-in-shops. That said, footwear is unique. I mean, footwear is one of those kind of enterprises that it benefits you to be available to consumers with a broad assortment of competition. A consumer comes into a store and generally speaking, if they go to Nordstrom, and they're looking to buy a certain type of product, let's say they want a hiking boot. They want to try on multiple brands of hiking boots. They want to know, which is the best fit for them. Once they have made up their mind about what brand works for them and they love the brand, they then tend to come back to that brand at that brand's own stores and websites, but that initial recruitment of new consumer happens in a wholesale environment. It doesn't really happen in your own stores initially in footwear. So we know that reality, and we intend to be predominantly wholesale in the future in the U.S. In Japan, we'll be the same kind of thing, be it mix. It will be wholesale. In China, it's going to be retail and eCommerce because there is no -- as we've mentioned many times, there's really no wholesale environment.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: And do you have sort of a target mix, wholesale to retail over the long term?
Angel R. Martinez: I'd probably say 70-30, would be my guess.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Svezia with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: A couple of questions. I guess first, Angel, you commented, I know it's still kind of early, but just on the Nordstrom anniversary sale, if you have any -- just color in terms of any pointers, things that just stand out a little bit in terms of where maybe consumers are gravitating to, new products, styles, classics, et cetera, anything that just kind of stands out a little bit in terms of what you're seeing would be helpful.
Angel R. Martinez: Okay. I'm always hesitant to be real specific because I don't think it's our right to do that. It's Nordstrom's business, and they can comment on that, but I will say a couple of things. First of all, the performance of our non-classic fashion product has been really good, and we're very happy with that. We think that the event this year, especially with the heat that you're seeing around the country, it's a little early to judge the performance for our core classic. It's probably suffered from these 100-degree days that we're seeing around the country, and there's no question about that. So it's early in the season for the core classic, but the bulk of the stuff that you will see in the Nordstrom anniversary event is the fashion and the new products. So it's really not driven -- the mix is a lot more the new stuff than it is core classics. So we're quite happy and quite satisfied with the results so far.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. That's good to hear. Yes, I mean, when you go into the stores you see people looking in more of the fashion product than classic, and just what we're hearing is, in 100-degree temperatures fur lined boots aren't exactly on people's mind at the moment, but the fashion piece seems definitely of interest. So that's good to hear. And then just lastly, just on the -- I'm curious on the improvement in same-store sales, particularly in the U.K. Do you guys -- I mean, can you just call out anything that you've done differently whether pricing, whether traffic, it might be a little early from the Olympics in that regard, but just call out something that you've done or doing differently, product, et cetera, that's causing a wide differentiation or separation between what's going on in wholesale and what's going in your company retail stores.
Thomas A. George: Chris, this is Tom. Some of it is product, the broader product assortment. Some of it is -- we've got a fairly easy comp relative to the prior year, and we've been executing better. We've got some improved management at the U.K. retail operation vis-à-vis a year ago. We've got some more marketing around the stores than we did a year ago. Another year in the market on a direct basis as well with us running the show helps improve and had some positive spill off on our own stores as well. We've talked in the U.K. about sort of rationalizing some of the wholesale distribution that's benefiting some of our own stores as a result of that. So a lot of positive things and initiatives have been helping drive that improved comp.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then just lastly if I can just squeeze one in here. Just on the men's business, any color you can give on the men's business at this point or is it just too early?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, again, the sneakers have been doing well, and that's -- we also have some casual shoes that have done quite well in our own stores. It's still a little early because we haven't shipped the bulk of that product for the wholesale environment yet. So it bodes well. We're certainly up in our own stores if that's -- and on our websites. So that's very important.
Operator: That does conclude today's question-and-answer session. We'll turn it back over to the speakers for closing remarks.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you all for attending the conference. We are looking forward to the rest of the year. Clearly, we have challenges in Europe that we're focused on overcoming with better performance, better execution and a much strengthened management team across the world. So we look forward to the next call in October. Thank you all.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. We appreciate your participation.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-04-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Angel R. Martinez - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Zohar Ziv - Chief Operating Officer Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer
Analysts: Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation First Quarter Fiscal 2012 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference is being recorded. Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call regarding the company's expectations, beliefs and views about its future financial performance, brand strategies and cost structure are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal securities law. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to the company's anticipated revenues, expenses, earnings, gross margin, capital expenditures, brand strategies and cost structure, as well as the outlook for the company's markets and the demand for its products. The forward-looking statements made on this call are based on currently available information, and because its business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond its control, actual operating results in the future may differ materially from the future financial performance expected at the current time. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its Annual Report from Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the SEC. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly release or update the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn the conference over to the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors, Angel Martinez. Please go ahead, sir.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you to everyone for joining us today. With me on the call are Chief Operating Officer, Zohar Ziv; and Chief Financial Officer, Tom George. Our first quarter performance reflects the evolution of our business model and the external factors that we believe have pressured both sales growth and margins, particularly the differences in weather and sheepskin prices versus the same period a year ago.  The Sanuk brand, the newest addition to our portfolio, started the year off very well. Strong sell-in of the spring line has been followed by equally strong sell-through at retail in March and April. At the same time, wholesale orders for the UGG brand spring styles were up meaningfully versus a year ago as was sell-through in our domestic stores. Sales of the Teva brand expanded close -- Teva brand expanded closed-toe offering also delivered solid gains. Unfortunately, very mild temperatures, along with a tough comparison created by the cold and snowy conditions across much of the U.S. at the same time last year, had a noticeable impact on boot sales during the first quarter. Despite these challenging conditions, we believe that we've done a good job managing inventory and adjusting our purchase orders. We expect to enter the fall selling season in good shape with relatively clean channels.  In terms of our bottom line performance, earnings were down approximately 59% versus a year ago, which is primarily attributable to the increase in sheepskin prices, together with the increase in operating expense from our growing retail organization. As we have previously indicated, sheepskin prices are up 40% in 2012 from 2011. Zohar will speak more specifically about the outlook for sheepskin prices in a moment, but they do appear to be coming down from their historic highs, which should provide relief beginning in 2013. And we do expect to get better leverage on our retail expense over the full year driven by the fourth quarter, when that channel typically generates more than 50% of its annual revenue and more than 90% of its operating income.  So let's look at each brand's performance in more detail. For the UGG brand, as I mentioned, we believe that the extended period of warm weather throughout the first quarter has adversely impacted cold-weather UGG brand boot sales. However, we also believe that the UGG brand continues to make important inroads, developing a more meaningful spring season business. I think it's helpful to look at the Q1 performance of our casual spring footwear in boots separately from our cold-weather boots, as there was a meaningful difference between the 2 categories. Our expanded spring line of sandals, sneakers, wedges, fabric boots and Mini Bailey Button did very well across each of our channels, including wholesale, where our spring styles were up close to 20% and have continued to gain important shelf space.  Speaking specifically about the domestic wholesale channel, the growth in spring styles and men's was offset by a decline in cold-weather boot sales. January and February are typically big boot months at retail, but as a result of the mild temperatures in many parts of the country, boot orders were down year-over-year. With regard to fall, we are close to completing the pre-book period, and overall, we are pleased with the current level of commitments from our domestic wholesale accounts. Slippers, classics, fashion, casual boots, sneakers and casuals all booked well. Coming off of warm winter, retailers in general typically take a cautious approach to next season at this point in the year. So while the open-to-buy dollar pool has contracted a bit, based on conversations with our retailers, we believe the UGG brand's percentage of the total open-to-buy dollar pool has not diminished and that the brand, especially in the back half of the year, remains as important, if not more important, to the retailers with whom we do business.  Consumers will get their first glimpse of the fall collection at retail as early as June and July, which will include the first fall styles of new sneakers, casuals and boots. But as a reminder, the UGG brand's primary selling season at retail typically doesn't get underway until later in the year, hitting peak velocity in November and December.  In terms of wholesale distribution for this year, not a lot has changed. We continue to deploy the same strategy that we have in the past, which is to selectively add accounts that we believe makes sense for the brand at this point in its growth cycle, with a particular focus on areas where the brand is underpenetrated. At the same time, we are closing accounts that are unable to merchandise our broader offering and support the brand's lifestyle position. In 2011, we increased our net independent door counts by about 1% of the total door count, 2/3 of which were opened in the South and Midwest where we are underpenetrated, and approximately 1/3 of them were either men's or kids-only accounts.  For 2012, our domestic independent door count is expected to be up at a lesser rate. Outside the U.S., the UGG brand sales in Europe were slightly lower than expected. The economic conditions in the U.K., which is our biggest international market, remained challenging, and weather for the most part has not been conducive to boot sales. While we believe that the Summer Olympics and the year-long Queen's Jubilee celebration will provide a boost to the U.K. economy, this is not incorporated into our planning and we remain cautious on our outlook until there are more concrete signs of a prolonged recovery.  We're pleased with how the transition to a wholesale model continues to unfold. The U.K. market in the past has been dependent primarily on classics and knit boots. After rationalizing our account base, we've been working directly with these retailers to expand their assortments beyond our core Classic Collection and develop a sustainable business. Part of this multiyear process involves marketing investments to increase awareness of the broader product line and enhance the consumer perception of the brand. We see long-term opportunity to steadily grow the business by increasing wholesale shelf space through new product introduction and the continued rollout of our own retail stores. The goal is to develop slippers, cold-weather, casuals, men's and kids businesses much like we have in the U.S.  While not immune to some of the same issues as the U.K., particularly the warm weather, Benelux, our second largest international market, had a very good first quarter. Difference in performance between these 2 key markets lies in the approach our former distributors took to growing their business. The bottom line is the UGG brand is more evolved in Benelux, thanks to a much wider selection of products, including a broader offering of spring styles.  The rest of Western Europe is facing similar economic challenges. In addition, it also experienced a warmer-than-usual winter, so it's not a surprise that we're seeing some conservatism from the European distributors, which is reflected in our second quarter guidance. We still view Europe, particularly Northern Europe, as having an ideal year-round climate for UGG brand products and believe the current softness is more macro-related and not indicative of the brand's appeal and long-term growth prospects.  Meanwhile, our UGG brand business in Asia grew at a fairly rapid pace during the first quarter. Our wholesale performance in Japan has continued to rebound following last spring's earthquake and tsunami, and we're making good headway broadening the assortment of product available at retail.  With regard to China, we're pleased to announce that we recently acquired a minority interest in our joint venture in order to capitalize on the significant opportunities there. Our partner has been tremendously helpful in assisting with the successful launch of the brand in this very important market and we'll obviously maintain a close relationship with them going forward as they're one of our key manufacturing partners.  Shifting channels now, we believe that the sell-through results in our Consumer Direct division build a strong correlation to the temperature. We saw increased demand for our UGG brand spring styles in stores -- in our stores, while boot sales were mixed depending on the location. Comp store sales were flat versus a year ago, with a high single-digit comp gain in the U.S., which comes on top of a double-digit comp in Q1 of last year, offset by softness in our international comp store sales.  Performance in the U.S. differed by region. In the Northeast, where the weather was unseasonably warm, our stores have not performed as well, while stores in locations experiencing more normal weather patterns did better. In Asia, comps were impacted by weather, as well as some cannibalization from new store openings and also due to the Chinese New Year that was one month earlier this year, which impacts the buying cycle there. In the U.K., it was a mix of weather and the challenging retail environment.  eCommerce sales in total were down 7.5%, with a strong gain in Teva brand sales offset by high single-digit decline in UGG brand sales. For the UGG brand, we experienced a decline in traffic partially offset by an increase in conversion rates. In terms of top performers, our men's business did very well, led by triple-digit increases in sneakers and casuals, followed by strong gains in sandals and slippers. Our kids business also performed nicely across the board. With regard to women's, increased sales in fashion, sandals, slippers, fabric boots and handbags were offset by softness in cold-weather boots and classics. It's worth noting that we were up against a tough comparison from last January and we filled a large amount of back orders for the Classic Short Sparkles, following the style's inclusion in Oprah's final Favorite Things episode in December of 2010.  Throughout the quarter, we did see spikes in boot sales on days when temperatures were more seasonal. Unfortunately, those days were few and far between during the first 3 months of the year.  Now to the Sanuk brand, which continued its rapid growth trajectory in the first quarter, driven by increased demand for its expanded line of men's and women's shoes and sandals. In addition to healthy growth within its core channel, the brand has made good progress building distribution with several marquee retailers, including Nordstrom, Zappos, Journeys and Dillard's, to name a few. The product is resonating very well with a broader cross-section of consumers and we're also excited about the rapid growth trajectory.  The Teva brand had record domestic wholesale and growth in domestic eCommerce sales that were offset by a decline in international wholesale sales. The brand showed further evidence of its successful evolution to a year-round adventure brand during the first quarter, as sales of closed-toe footwear increased 38%. Another highlight was the launch of the Teva brand into Japan through our existing subsidiary. Retail and consumer reception for the brand and product line has been very positive. Unfortunately, the overhang from a wet summer in Europe and a mild winter in both the U.S. and Europe, along with a struggling EU economy, has left many of our retail partners with more goods than usual for this time of the year, which is impacting current open-to-buy dollars. So while sell-through for the Teva brand has been good, we aren't yet fully seeing that translate into reorders in the near term.  It has also had a meaningful impact on fall demand. For the first time in a long time, outdoor retailers packed up their fall '11 goods to hold for next season with only the top-performing SKUs receiving commitments at this point. So despite being named Gear of the Show at Outdoor Retailer in January, the current selling environment has forced us to reduce the Teva brand's projections for the year.  With that, I will now turn it over to Zohar.
Zohar Ziv: Thanks, Angel. Regarding sheepskin prices, in recent discussions with our suppliers, we continue to hear that prices are coming down from their historic highs. However, we will not know to what extent our full year 2013 product costs will look like compared to 2012 until we lock in prices for the fall 2013 line, which will be in October around the time we report our third quarter results. At this point, we think it would be helpful to briefly discuss the dynamics of our sheepskin supply chain and outline what has been impacting the price.  To start, sheepskin is a byproduct of the meat industry, and in addition, there are different grades of sheepskin. We primarily use premium sheepskin sourced from Australia in the production of our Classic Collection with a modest amount coming from the U.K. and U.S. Unfortunately, not all sheep are created equal. The quality of skins from most other countries does not meet our high standards and therefore cannot be utilized.  There are a number of things that impact the price of sheepskin. We believe a big reason for the recent spike has been increased demand for this limited commodity, something to which we have certainly contributed. A decline in herd sizes has also driven up the price, as worldwide consumption of lamb has been on the decline for many years. Droughts in Australia in recent years have also been a factor in herd decline, and the price of wool is also part of the story. When that commodity appreciates, farmers are more likely to keep their sheep in order to harvest the wool. Finally, changes in the strength of the Australian dollar versus the U.S. dollar also impact our cost.  As I mentioned, a moment ago, sheepskin prices have started to decline. We think many of the other players that were utilizing sheepskin in their product line have exited the market due to the rising price. It also appears that herd sizes are starting to grow again as the result of the recent wet winter in Australia. While the decline of the sheepskin price is no doubt a positive for our future results, it is important to note that the ratio between the changes in the published price of sheepskin and what we ultimately pay is not a one-to-one. There are 2 reasons for that, the first being the different grades of sheepskin. As I said before, we primarily use premium sheepskin, the price of which has appreciated faster than the lower grade sheepskin that are also bought and sold in the open market. This means not all sheepskin prices move in direct correlation with one another.  Secondly, while our skins are sourced from Australia, and to a lesser extent, the U.S. and the U.K., they're all treated at tanneries in China, and it's from the tanneries that we actually purchase our raw materials. There are additional costs that go into the processing of the skin, as well the profit built in by the tannery. So a 10% decrease in raw sheepskin prices does not necessarily mean a 10% decrease in our cost.  As we have discussed before, we have also implemented long-term programs to help further mitigate the impact from higher sheepskin and raw material costs. This includes increasing the mix of non-sheepskin product, new footwear materials and new production technologies, increasing direct shipments to retailers and taking advantage of lower cost sourcing in areas like Vietnam, El Salvador, central China, as well as the U.S.  Tom will now go through the Q1 financials and our updated guidance. Tom?
Thomas A. George: Thanks, Zohar. Before I get into that, I wanted to clarify a typo in the press release. Under second quarter outlook, our sales earnings margin guidance is, in that press release, are correct, but the SG&A rate is incorrect. The SG&A rate should be 63% versus the 37% in the press release.  And regarding the rest of my discussion today, the release contains a good amount of detail about our first quarter sales and earnings, including sales by brand, channel and geography. Therefore, I'm going to limit my discussion primarily to gross margins, operating expenses, the balance sheet and guidance, as well as some additional commentary on our retail division.  Regarding gross margin, for the first quarter, it was 46% compared to 50% in the first quarter last year. Of the 400 basis point decline, approximately 300 basis points are attributable to an increase in product costs, while higher closeout sales, markdowns, discounts and direct-to-consumer mix contributed approximately 200 basis points to the decline. This was partially offset by the contribution of Sanuk brand and increased pricing. Increased closeouts relative to the prior year were primarily attributable to discontinued spring and fall styles. As to the shortfall versus our guidance, this is mostly due to lower margins on the Teva brand and the other brands, driven by increased closeouts, as well as increased closeouts -- increased UGG brand closeouts.  Sanuk brand margins were ahead of expectations. Total SG&A expense for the quarter was $101.4 million or 41.2% of net sales compared to $74.3 million or 36.3% of net sales a year ago. SG&A increased primarily due to the additional expenses of owning and operating the Sanuk brand, including $8.7 million of operating expenses, which includes $3.1 million in amortization of intangible assets and purchase price accounting tied to the Sanuk brand earn-out payment.  SG&A is also up approximately $8.5 million due to the growth of our retail organization. In addition to having 19 new retail stores that were not open during the first quarter last year, we are investing in personnel and infrastructure to support a more aggressive store rollout plan as we plan to build towards the base of approximately 200 stores by the end of 2015.  In addition, we had an increase of approximately $4.7 million in marketing, primarily related to the UGG men's and Classic campaigns. With 46 stores now open and our plans for 70 by year end, we want to provide some more insight into our store operations and share some additional metrics.  We'll start with the comp base. In the first quarter, the comp base has consisted of 27 stores, up from 24 in Q4, after adding Madison Avenue, Las Vegas and Los Angeles. Of the 27 stores in the comp, 18 are in the U.S. Boston is the only U.S. store that isn't in there; 4 are in the U.K.; 4 are in China; and 1 is in Japan.  With regard to the 19 non-comp stores, many of these are in Asia where the locations are typically 1/3 smaller than our U.S. and European stores and therefore, sales per store are lower. We believe that this, along with investments in infrastructure to support the larger store rollout, is the reason our reported retail segment estimated new store productivity appears to be declining. However, in aggregate, sales per square foot and four-wall margins for our Asia stores are on par with the company's very high average.  Looking over the rest of the year, our plan calls for approximately 24 new store openings with a few in Q2 and the remainder broken down fairly evenly between Q3 and Q4. Roughly 4 will be in the U.S., with approximately 10 each in Europe and Asia, and includes some notable shopping destinations such as A la Mere in Paris, Piccadilly in London and New York's Meatpacking District. We're also doubling the size of the Madison Avenue store to accommodate more women's product, as well as the build out of our first-ever men's only store. The majority will be concept stores along with a handful of boutiques and outlets.  Back to our results. Operating income for the first quarter was $11.9 million or 4.8% of sales compared to operating income of $28.2 million or 13.8% of sales last year. The decline in operating margin was the result of the lower gross margins and the aforementioned expenses for the expansion of our retail and international organizations. Our effective income tax rate for the first quarter was 34.9% compared to 30% in the first quarter last year. The higher tax rate was due to a onetime tax expense associated with our joint venture in China, and to a lesser extent, a higher concentration domestic pretax profits versus a year ago.  As reported in our release, first quarter diluted earnings per share were $0.20. The shortfall relative to our guidance was $0.04, with $0.01 due to taxes and the remaining $0.03 attributable to the negative margin effect from the increased closeouts and channel mix being partially offset by lower operating expenses and leverage from higher sales versus our projections.  Now turning to the balance sheet. At March 31, 2012, inventory increased 94.6% to $208.5 million from $107.1 million at March 31, 2011, and decreased 17.7% from $253.3 million at December 31, 2011.  By brand, compared to March 31, 2011, UGG brand inventory increased $90.1 million to $159 million; Teva brand inventory increased $0.1 million to $30.8 million; and our other brands' inventory decreased $0.9 million to $6.6 million. Sanuk brand inventory was $12.1 million at March 31, 2012.  The $101.4 million increase in inventory is primarily attributed to the growth of fall 2012 UGG brand inventory, including the growth of our Consumer Direct division, carryover product from the 2011 holiday period, which was utilized to fulfill orders during 2012 and the increase in product cost and addition of the Sanuk brand.  I would like to provide more detail regarding our comfort with the quality of our UGG brand inventory. At March 31, 2012, current fall inventory represented approximately 65% of the total inventory, up from 57% a year ago. And although absolute increase in fall inventory is approximately $65 million, approximately $50 million of the increase is in Classics and slippers for which we have orders to sell at full price. In addition, we have approximately $10 million increase in cold weather product which has been sold for delivery in later quarters.  Another perspective to review the $90 million UGG inventory increase is as follows: approximately $40 million being attributable to product cost increases and carryover inventory from 2011, approximately $20 million of increased European inventory to support the direct business, approximately $20 million of spring and other inventory with the balance of increase of approximately $10 million of additional retail store inventory to support the newly opened stores.  We still anticipate year-over-year inventory growth to decline, mostly in the back half of the year as we sell the carryover inventory. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 274,000 shares of the company's common stock for a total of $20 million. As of March 31, 2012, we have $80 million available under the $100 million stock repurchase program authorized by the Board of Directors this past February. Taking into account the stock repurchase program and our projected capital expenditures, we anticipate ending 2012 with a strong cash position, driven primarily by cash flow generated from operations.  Now moving on to our outlook. Based on the first quarter results and current visibility, which now includes lower projections for our international wholesale operations, as well as reduction in Teva brand domestic sales, we now expect 2012 revenues to increase approximately 14% over 2011 levels compared to our previous expectation of 15%. For the full year, we now expect UGG brand sales to increase by approximately 10% versus our previous guidance of approximately 11% due to a low international wholesale and distributor contribution. Teva brand sales are now expected to grow in the low to mid single-digit range compared to prior guidance of approximately 10%. Combined sales of our other brands are expected to be down approximately 15%. Sanuk brand sales are still expected to be approximately $90 million.  With regard to earnings, we now expect diluted earnings per share to decrease approximately 9% to 10% below 2011 compared to our previous guidance of approximately flat. Our forecast is now based on a full year gross profit margin decline of approximately 250 basis points in 2011 compared to our prior guidance, which assumed a decline of 200 basis points. The additional decline is due to lower international sales and increasing Q1 closeouts.  SG&A as a percentage of sales is expected to be approximately 30% versus the earlier guidance at 29% due to lower sales, where our tax rate is still forecasted to be approximately 31%. As a reminder, SG&A projection includes $13 million or $0.23 per diluted share associated with the amortization and accretion expenses related to the Sanuk acquisition.  For the year, we expect capital expenditures to be around $80 million compared to the prior projection of $90 million with roughly $32 million allocated to the construction of our new headquarters, $26 million for the new store openings, as well as store and showroom remodels, $10 million going to IT and maintenance projects, $4 million to upgrade our retail operating system and the remaining $8 million for additional corporate infrastructure.  For the second quarter of 2012, with the reduction in European distributor sales, we expect revenues to increase approximately 8% over second quarter 2011 levels with a diluted loss per share of approximately $0.60. This guidance assumes a gross margin of approximately 43% and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 63%. Included in our SG&A projection is roughly $3.5 million or $0.06 per diluted share in expenses related to the amortization and accretion expenses related to the Sanuk brand acquisition.  I will now turn the call back over to Angel.
Angel R. Martinez: Thanks, Tom. Well, in light of the many challenges we faced, I'm pleased with how our teams executed during the first quarter. We're managing this business for the long term, and I'm very confident that the growth strategies we've developed for our brand portfolio are intact and will continue to deliver consistent sales and earnings improvement over the years ahead. Operator, we're now ready to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question will come from Bob Drbul with Barclays Capital.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Just the first question I have, Angel, one of the comments that you made around the UGG brand was that you thought that the inventory levels, I think, both at retail and in your business, would be clean by fall. Can you just give us -- elaborate a little bit more in terms of what gives you the confidence around that statement and sort of what you're seeing that we might not be seeing?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, the bulk of the product is -- product that, as Tom said, has been committed to for fall. It is in-line inventory. Our sell-through of that product was impacted most by cold weather, the cold-weather product, some Classic product. Those products don't see seasonal changes in fashion. Those products are consistent year-on-year and we've sold all those products and adjusted our incoming orders accordingly.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay, all right. That helps. And then, I guess, like sort of bigger picture a little bit, when you think about in over the last few months, what would you say would be the biggest positive developments or negative developments that you've seen sort of as you've worked through the current situation?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, the biggest negative is weather, obviously. No one expected that we would take such a swing from 2010 winter to 2011 winter. The 2 things were at opposite extremes. So if you had retailers buying to a sell-through level in 2010 when a -- way until spring, it was still cold and snowing in some places, all the way to the opposite of that. So that's a real swing. The positive has been the way the brand has held its own. Particularly as you look at the sell-through of our spring line, the spring product has been checking extremely well, the men's business has been performing well, the kids business has been performing well. So the only places that we've struggled is really where there's a real seasonal impact to the weather. And if you look at overall, our sales were up 5% without Sanuk, so that's a really good performance company-wide in this environment.
Robert S. Drbul - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then, I guess, the last question I have is, can you just elaborate a little bit more on your own stores in Asia, in terms of their performance there?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, those stores performed well. Weather was an impact in Asia. The same way it was in Europe and the U.S. But generally speaking, our stores in Asia performed quite well. The brand continues to evolve very nicely. The consumer environment for this kind of product continues to develop and we're quite bullish on, as you can see from the acquisition of our -- the JV, that we feel that there's significant growth opportunity in Asia.
Operator: From ISI Group, we'll go to Omar Saad.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: Could you give us a little bit more clarity in the puts and takes in the gross margin shortfall? It sounded like it was primarily due to higher-than-expected closeouts, Teva, other brands and UGG. What was the breakdown? Was it mostly Teva closeouts or UGG closeouts or other brand closeouts? How do we think about that gross margin piece there in the quarter?
Thomas A. George: Yes, it was sort of split fairly equally between Teva and the other brands being down versus UGG. So the 200 basis points decline, it's fairly, fairly evenly. One subset of the UGG gross margin number is that we had a negative impact on margin due to the channel mix. Our eCommerce sales, to a lesser extent, our retail sales, didn't perform relative to expectations, so that had a negative impact on margin as well.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And did that mostly come towards the end of the quarter? So if you think about when you gave your guidance with 5 or 6 weeks left in the quarter, was there a decision made towards the end of the quarter saying, hey, we need to close out some of this product? Is that a fair statement?
Thomas A. George: It sort of evolves over the course of the quarter, right? You look at your inventory levels, you see sort of, as a matter of standard practice, you're in discussions relative to closeouts over the course of the quarter and many of those discussions conclude towards the back half, the third month of the quarter. So this is sort of how that progresses. And we felt given our inventory levels and the manner we were going to close out some of that, it was non-Classics product for the most part. We felt it was appropriate to go ahead and make that decision.
Omar Saad - ISI Group Inc., Research Division: And then, Angel, could you talk about the order book a little bit? It sounds like despite what you described correctly as a really warm winter against last year's a really cold winter, the order book being pretty good, what gives you -- give us some -- can you give us some detail behind what you're hearing from retailers? What gives you confidence in that full year revenue number that you're putting out there?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we're pretty happy with the order book as it stands now. We're just about done with the pre-book, maybe 95% of the way there. All indications are very good and particularly new product. Especially men's, kids, some of the new fashion product has been very well received. So it's an evolving brand. We can see the pattern continuing, less dependence on what we call a traditional Classic product and more evolution of that product. I think we've done a really good job of mitigating the sheepskin impact with the diversity of design and that should allow us to make sure that we're operating at the right price points. So retailers seem to be very satisfied with the price points that we're putting out there for the fashion product. So I'm feeling pretty bullish on the response that we've had to the fall sell-in at this point.
Operator: From Jefferies, we'll go to Taposh Bari.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Can you -- I just wanted to follow up on the fall-winter backlog, you said it was up 15% as of last quarter. Can you tell us what that number is as it stands today?
Thomas A. George: We normally, in terms of reporting backlog, at the end of the first quarter, there's going to be still, obviously, some spring product in there. It's going to have fall product in there as well. So it's a little bit of a mixed bag. It has Sanuk this year, it didn't have Sanuk last year. So we're sort of going to stick to our policy of reporting total backlog just on an annual basis.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. The domestic comp, I appreciate the disclosure there, so up high single digits in the first quarter. Can you give us a sense, so your overall comp was flat in the first quarter. It was up 1% in the fourth quarter. Can you give us a sense of what that domestic business looked like in the fourth quarter so we can get some context around what high single digits means?
Thomas A. George: Taposh, are you referring to the guidance for the total year 2012?
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: No, Tom. I was just curious to know if you're willing to disclose what the domestic same-store sales growth was in the fourth quarter of 2011.
Thomas A. George: No. We're already starting to expand some of our disclosures relative to retail, but we really don't want to get back into the prior quarter and get into the detailed prior quarters right now.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's fair. And then just a final question I had was on the second quarter guidance. So if I recall, last year, the second quarter had a pretty massive, as you went vertical or took over your distributors internationally, there was a pretty massive shift out of 2Q into 3Q and 4Q. So can you just give us a sense of why sales would only be up 8% in the second quarter? And then also, on the second quarter guidance, why -- it seems like your modeling gross margins up, just trying to get a sense of what's driving that? I'm assuming it's probably a lack of sheepskin in the product mix, but anything else to read into that?
Thomas A. George: In the second quarter, we've -- consistent with the total year, we've got some pressures from our European business, and included in that it's pressures from our European distributor business. So those expectations now in the second quarter are lower than originally expected. So that's having some impact on the growth. And on the margin, it is approximately the same as the prior year. But there is less of an impact on the -- from the sheepskin on cost increases in the second quarter than there is in the back half of the year. And there's a little bit of positive impact from Sanuk as well in the second quarter.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I just wanted to ask one final question, kind of holistically as it relates to guidance. So looking back to the fourth quarter, you gave guidance very late in the first quarter, and it seems like, I guess, following up on Omar's question, it sounds like there were some closeouts that were kind of unexpected as of the time of guidance, as we look out now, a lot of this noise is coming from weather presumably. But as we look out now into 2Q through 4Q, where do you see the risk? Is it all kind of macro at this point, but if you could just elaborate on what can go wrong, what can go right from here on out versus your guidance?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, I think it is primarily macro. As Tom mentioned, so we're facing some headwinds in Europe, the U.K. being our biggest market and that market is struggling from a consumer perspective. So we're going to battle very hard in that market. We think that we've gotten ahead of the issues that weather created in the last, this past quarter. We think inventories, as we said earlier, are going to be in fine shape by the end of the year. And we're getting great response to the fall assortment. So it's just managing the business effectively and I think we've proven that we can do that. It's when you get thrown these nature's curveballs that things have a way of going south on you.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Jeff Klinefelter with Piper Jaffray.
Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. Angel, in terms of the international markets, can you give us a sense for, on a wholesale equivalent basis, sort of where the U.K. versus Benelux and the rest of the Western European exposures kind of tracking, or tracked in Q4 on a year-over-year basis, or Q1 rather, on a year-over-year basis? And what are your assumptions for that sort of trend for the balance of the year?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, as I said, the macro environment we can't do much about. So we are looking at, as I think was mentioned in the -- as I mentioned in the script, the Queen's Jubilee and the Olympics should provide a boost to the U.K. economy. And getting consumers into more of a consumption mode, as well as an influx of a million tourists or more, so that should help. Benelux, as compared to the U.K., has been very good at managing the development of the brand. So we see that when the brand was evolved truly across multiple categories of product versus it being more one-dimensional as the U.K. brand evolved, through the recent distributor relationship, that brand has a stronger foundation and can move in a variety of different directions, depending on weather, depending on fashion. The brand is more flexible. The brand is more pliable. So we're aggressively moving toward the evolution of the brand in the U.K. We have rightsized the distribution matrix. And in those retailers that are continuing to do business with us, the goal is to expand the assortment, very consistent with the way you've seen us do that here in the United States, so that we're not as one-dimensional a brand as we've been and so that cold weather, if and when it does or does not occur, is not the primary factor in whether the brand performs at the expected rate. So it's really a function of brand evolution and focused category development in both of those markets.
Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. So would you view it as a -- for a second half year-over-year, is it going to be sort of a neutral environment, look for more of a consolidation of distributions so that it's a decline year-over-year? Just getting a sense for sort of how you're planning that international business year-over-year.
Angel R. Martinez: I see it as a neutral environment with the positive -- with a potential upside based on the Olympics and the Queen's Jubilee. And if we get an improvement in macro environment influences, we're going to benefit even more.
Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then in terms of your kind of overall fall bookings, your second half bookings, and if I missed this, I apologize, but what is sort of the ASP, average selling price, in the fall book year-over-year at this point?
Angel R. Martinez: It will be up probably slightly, and that's primarily due to the price increases that we've taken on product that's primarily sheepskin. So you'll see probably some higher ASPs. We have tried to counterbalance that with, as I mentioned, earlier, some evolution of non-sheepskin and sheepskin that's engineered to be less of the total percentage of the upper on some of the fashion product. But generally speaking, my guess is it'll be up a few ticks.
Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay, up maybe slightly, but not up to the rate it's been up the last couple of years. Is that fair?
Angel R. Martinez: I think it's probably fair, yes.
Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. And just lastly, in terms of spring, you commented about the strength of the spring style sell-throughs versus kind of that boot carryover business. Can you give us a sense for what maybe even this year or maybe a more normalized year, what would the split within the UGG brand be of carryover sales versus new spring product in Q1?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, that's been evolving rapidly, as you know, in the last few years. Let me -- I'm going to take a guess at it, 40% would be spring new product -- I mean 60% will be spring new product, 40% would be carryover, just a rough ballpark guess. And I think as time goes on, you're going to see that move more toward spring-only assortment versus carryover styles.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Diana Katz with Lazard Capital Markets.
Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: My first question is, are you seeing any price resistance on the new -- on the Classic Tall and Triple Bailey that have already hit the stores now?
Angel R. Martinez: No, we're really not, not seeing any indication and we've been doing some consumer research on that front as well. So in addition to any input we're getting from retailers. So no, we've not seen any price resistance from consumers.
Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, Angel, you mentioned that for your pre-book, there's less dependence on traditional Classic product. So have you seen a growth in the percentage contribution of fashion versus core product for the coming season?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, we have. The fashion line has continued to evolve. For many years now, at least the last 4 years, we've been consciously keeping our Classic assortment pretty flat as a percentage of total because that forces us to develop more aggressively some of the fashion products, some of the product that is not as sheepskin-dependent, especially last year when we saw that there'd be a significant potential impact in sheepskin pricing. As you know, last year was 30% increase and followed by 40%. So we've been very aggressive about the evolution of the fashion component of our -- we call it fashion. It's really non-Classic styles for fall. Still some sheepskin, but how we use the sheepskin varies, and that continues to develop. And as I said, the fall '12 assortment for fashion has been very well received.
Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, Tom, as we dig through the model, what's your assumption for retail comps this year, the blended rate as well as the domestic versus international comp? And where do you think eCommerce will shake out this year?
Thomas A. George: The comp assumption, really, for the total year is still really unchanged. It's sort of the mid- to highest single-digit comp for the total year and we really didn't give breakout of domestic versus international. And on the eCommerce side of the business, we're still pretty consistent with our expectations there. In spite of the first quarter, the total year announced a global number. We still think our earlier guidance of roughly 20% to 21% still holds for that.
Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, so the takedown number show is purely -- on the UGG side, it was purely on the international wholesale side?
Thomas A. George: It's not just international wholesale, there's also the international distributor business, and that had a big impact on the second quarter given the distributor sales are a second, third quarter item. So it's both distributor and wholesale, and it was international and it was Europe.
Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Okay. So I guess what gives you the confidence in your comp, in your retail comp assumptions for the back half that there'll be this acceleration?
Thomas A. George: Some of the similar things that we've talked about before in the U.K., we've got the Jubilee, as well as the Olympics. In Asia, we've got some more marketing investment there, and some more management infrastructure investment to drive those sales. We've got a broader product assortment that early indications are it's going to do very, very well. We've mentioned earlier about the new IT system to be able to track our inventory levels. We feel really good about that. In Japan, they had a tough comparison with the earthquake, the tsunami and the nuclear meltdown. And we feel really -- still really strong where we're headed with our retail business and where that's going to end up for the year.
Operator: And next, we'll hear from Mitch Kummetz with Robert W. Baird.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So first, I know you guys don't want to give backlog as of end of Q1; it's not your policy. But I mean, in light of the commentary that you're encouraged by the fall orders, and that, that order book is pretty close to complete. I mean, can you say whether or not UGG fall orders, pre-book orders are up, are they down, are they flat? Can you give us just a general sense as to how that order book has come in?
Angel R. Martinez: All I can say or will say is, we are satisfied with the way the order book's coming in, meeting our expectations. So that's all I can say.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. I guess it's just a little tough because we don't really know what your expectations were, so I can appreciate if...
Angel R. Martinez: I don't go into a season with negative expectations. So just as a general rule of thumb.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful then. And then, Tom, I know -- so you've updated your assumptions, your sales assumptions by brand. And then kind of in response to Diana's question, you talked about it by channel. Could you just tell us kind of what you're thinking by region now? I think, previously, you were talking about international up over 20%, I think, growing to 33% of total sales. I think you were saying that domestic up low double digits. Are those -- I think it sounds like the international piece has come down, right?
Thomas A. George: [indiscernible] piece has come down and the domestic piece has come up some, relative to the prior guidance.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. So does that mean low teens, mid-teens on the domestic and mid-teens on the international? Can you give us maybe some more specifics on that?
Thomas A. George: On the international in total, it's more of a mid-teens now versus the 20% before. And on the domestic side, domestic business should be up sort of in the mid-teens as well, a little bit higher rate than the total international business.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then on the inventory, Tom, when you were running through the buckets on the $90 million increase in UGG, I think you said $40 million was a combination of higher costs and then carryover. I was hoping you could break that out. How much of the $40 million is cost increases versus carryover?
Thomas A. George: Look at that $40 million, whereas at the end of the year, it was more of an equal split. Now as we're bringing in more of the fall '12 inventory at a higher cost, more of that $40 million now is related to product cost increases versus the carryover now.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then maybe just as a last question, as you guys are thinking about the back half of the year, you're going up against, I guess, what I would consider to be a relatively easy Q4 comparison, where last year, reorders were weak, cancellations were up, DTC performance was hurt by weather. Kind of what's assumed in your guidance at this point for Q4 given that easy comparison? And how are you planning to manage the inventory to maybe take advantage of some opportunities in case the weather is more cooperative and the reorders come in, account cancellations come down and the comps in your own stores accelerate off of last year?
Thomas A. George: In terms of -- relative to the back half of the year, there's really, in terms of our guidance, we really haven't seen -- assumed much of a change at all in the current weather. That being said, at the same time, we're managing our inventory to be able to have some opportunity to be able to chase some business in season, and we feel pretty pleased about that. And obviously, if we get better retail comps our eCommerce business picks up, we'll obviously get a mix through reallocated that fall inventory levels to those 2 channels.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. But again, to be clear, in terms of your sales and earnings guidance, you're not assuming some big uptick in Q4 on normal -- on more normal weather. Is that fair?
Thomas A. George: Well, I think I can say relative to third and fourth quarter, I mean, comparing those 2 quarters, there's more growth in the fourth quarter assumed than there is in the third quarter because there's a lot more retail stores in place then. That eCommerce content there in the fourth quarter. The third quarter got hurt by some of the European distributor business, so as we lowered those expectations.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Howard Tubin with RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Looking at the direct distribution model now in the U.K. Other than kind of the macro issues and the weather, is that -- could you say that's on track, it's delivering kind of all the potential and upside and doing everything you wanted from going direct in the U.K.?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, I think the most important thing in going direct is that we have control over the way the brand evolves, not only from the product perspective and the placement of the different categories of product, but also the way in which it's distributed, where you find our product, the mix of shop-in-shop, the mix of our own stores, the shop-in-shop, as well as within key retailers, a much better presentation of the assortment. In addition to that, the marketing. I mean, it's really a brand-building exercise that we've launched in the U.K. and it's working. Keep in mind that we have shed some distribution. And so we're shedding distribution where we didn't feel it was taking the brand where we needed be in the long run and making up for that by getting increased spread and assortment where we do need to be, including our own stores. So it's really the only way in which we can assure the long-term success of the brand is to really take control of where it's placed, how it looks and how it's marketed to consumers.
Operator: Next, we'll hear from Chris Svezia with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I guess, first, I just want to clarify, just on the Teva brand, can you just maybe walk through why the softness in Q1 at U.S. wholesale, just assuming the weather and initial sell-in, et cetera, would've been better? I'm just curious why -- remind me, why was it so soft.
Thomas A. George: Yes, Chris, I mean in the United States, Teva, good amount of its distribution is through channels that also carries cold-weather product. With the unseasonably warm weather, those retailers were carrying a bigger inventory investment than originally thought of. And as a result of that, they had less money available to have reorders in the first quarter. So that's primarily what -- how weather impacted the first quarter Teva.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. I see. I got you. And then just on when you were looking at the domestic, when you look at domestic revenues for the year and it seemed like an answer to your prior question, a slight uptick in your thought process sort of in a mid-teens sort of growth rate from the sort of 11%, 12% growth previously. What's the change? Where is that it coming from? Is it coming from Sanuk? Is it coming from something in UGG? I'm just curious.
Thomas A. George: It's coming from -- or really just, as we've all virtually completed the fall order book, and our confidence level where the order book stands relative to where we were when we reported, the third week of February. It's our increased confidence relative to the wholesale business. Sanuk, we held our total guidance for the year on Sanuk, albeit we feel pretty bullish to where that's headed. But it's just increased confidence relative to the third quarter and the fourth quarter on our domestic UGG wholesale business that drives us to more comfort to elevate that number.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, that's I guess -- that's pretty good to hear. And then just when you're thinking about sort of the back half and what you're anticipating from, and no one can predict the weather, but are you anticipating that you have a normalized winter season? Are you anticipating a continued uncertainty and kind of somewhat an unusually warm winter as you go into the back half? I know it's hard to predict here, but just sort of your thoughts about how you might be thinking about that.
Thomas A. George: I think we're really -- we talked about that on an earlier question. It's tough to predict the weather. We've obviously had a lot of good discussions with our retailers when we formulated the order book. I think if we get some colder weather, relative to what we've -- what the normal weather and pattern would be, there's an opportunity for some upside and we'd have the inventory, especially in our retail and eCommerce business to be able to chase that.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And the very last question I have, I guess for you, Tom, here is just, when you think about the back half and your comment about, obviously, it seems like most of the growth is going to be fourth-quarter-weighted, can we think from an earnings perspective the majority of the growth is going to be fourth-quarter-weighted, just given the cost, given probably some softness on the international side in Q3? Just kind of your -- any thoughts around maybe what the earnings bias could be Q3, Q4, would be helpful.
Thomas A. George: Yes, I think that's a very good question. You all know we're not giving guidance for the individual quarters. But in the back half, there's going to be strong growth in the fourth quarter and relative to the prior year. And because of the cost pressures in the third quarter with sheepskin and then that's a quarter, there's not as much offset from a retail perspective and now those pressures in Europe in the third quarter and international wholesale has better margins than domestic, then you could see the third quarter could be a down quarter relative to the prior year.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Scott Krasik with BB&T Capital.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: First, a housekeeping question. Are you -- have you already been consolidating the results from the China JV? Or are you bringing anything onto the income statement or the guidance from that?
Thomas A. George: We were previously consolidating those results and then we had a minority interest at the bottom that we would take away from net income, so there's really no change in our sales and COGS and operating expenses.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then just help me understand the Asian business a little bit better. Are your distributors better capitalized than in Europe? How much of it is a retail business versus a wholesale business? And how do you view the flat comp? I know you said that the weather was unseasonably warm. What are the other factors there impacting Asia, though?
Zohar Ziv: Scott, this is Zohar. The flat comps, I mean, came from our own stores. Our distributors in -- the bulk of our Asia business is done through direct, which is China and Japan. Our business over there, it's not that big at all in the rest of the countries. So I wouldn't say that they have any different capitalization than our distributors in Europe.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: So then, sort of quantify -- so then within China and Japan, is the majority of business done in your own retail stores? Or you have big wholesale business there as well?
Zohar Ziv: In China, there is no wholesale business. It's all direct. When we talk about the comps, all of our China business is through the UGG retail stores. In Japan, the bulk of the business or a good split is retail and wholesale.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: And the health of the business in Japan right now?
Zohar Ziv: It's improving. We are pleased to see the improvement that we are seeing, especially in the Q2.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then just because a lot of the weakness potential in Europe is out of your hands, it's more macro-driven, did you think about really ratcheting back, your assumptions around that business for the back half of the year if it doesn't turn? What gave you the confidence to take it down just slightly?
Thomas A. George: Well, we've got some good visibility now. They've got a good portion of their third quarter at this point in time pre-booked. The fourth quarter has always been sort of highly dependent on reorders. We had another year under our belt in terms of developing that market. So we took it down a pretty reasonable amount. But at this point in time, we think it's down to a level that we can meet the numbers.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And just last, I'm sorry, on how you said the spring business was up meaningfully. Can you quantify where your UGG spring business is at?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we have had good sell-through of non-Classic styles, the Mini Bailey Button, the fabric-uppered boots, sandals, et cetera and in our own stores, as well as our wholesale. So I'm not going to get into more specifics than that other than we're quite pleased with that kind of growth that we're seeing. And men's particularly has been up significantly. Tom?
Thomas A. George: Yes, looking, Scott, back to the script, we did comment on all of our spring styles. Just look at spring styles what's identified as a spring style, which is an expanding category and those were up close to 20% and we gained some important shelf space. Again, the first quarter is highly dependent on boot product as well. So that strong growth in spring styles was offset by the pressure relative to the colder weather product.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Right. Most of that was probably Sanuk, but you're saying that it was strong across the board.
Thomas A. George: We had a good quarter with Sanuk, at least, where that brand's headed.
Angel R. Martinez: We had a good quarter with UGG spring styles.
Thomas A. George: Right. I was referring to that point in time to UGG spring styles.
Operator: And next, we'll go to Jim Duffy with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: 2 places where I need some clarification. Angel, maybe I heard you wrong, but I think you said in your prepared remarks, retailer open-to-buy for fall down, your share of that the same. That statement seems to imply your UGG U.S. fall bookings are down, yet that's inconsistent what I heard you say during the Q&A portion. Help me get clarification here.
Angel R. Martinez: What I was referring to was that given the warm winter, open-to-buy based on sell-through is down for most retailers, for those categories of product. UGG's proportion of that open-to-buy pool has remained constant from everything we can gather. It might even be up a little bit because what people do is they tend to go to those brands that are proven performers and they tend to be more reticent to bring in brands that are not as proven. So...
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: When you say proportion, you don't mean share, you mean dollars?
Angel R. Martinez: I mean dollars.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then the international markets, you seem to be struggling in some of them. Do you need to take steps backwards in your international markets to go forward? Angel, I thought I heard you say your stores in Asia performed well. Is it a typo in the press release where it says the Asian store comps were negative?
Angel R. Martinez: No. Let me -- I don't believe for a minute that we need to go backwards. I think we've been progressing at a fairly modest rate actually. We've not grown our retail base outside of the United States, anywhere near as aggressively as we could have. We've been building a foundation of operating excellence in each of these regions, and our -- our performance across the board in Asia and in Europe has been extremely consistent and evolving very nicely with the exception of the impact of weather and, as we've mentioned, the macroeconomic impact in Europe. So we, generally speaking, feel very good about the growth in our performance outside the United States.
Zohar Ziv: Jim, as a follow-up to that also, when we talk about the performance, it's a relative performance, and all those stores are still very profitable and contributing nicely to the bottom line, as Angel was saying. And you look at the comp, for example, in Japan, there was only one store in the comp and now we have 12?
Thomas A. George: Oh, you mean total Asia, it's something like 12.
Angel R. Martinez: Right, no but in Japan it's...
Zohar Ziv: So the performance of this, if we look at the overall performance and the same in China.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: I see. Okay. Shifting gears a bit. Zohar, I was very intrigued about what you had to say about sheepskin cost. You lock in, in October. It seems you're seeing better cost now. Would there be opportunity to lock in sooner or is there a structural reason why that's not possible?
Zohar Ziv: No, you can lock sooner, but you might be at a disadvantage because the biggest killing season is in Australia and that starts in Q3. So until then, you don't really know what the prices are going to be. So you're better off waiting and see what the prices, and that's how the suppliers are placing their prices upon.
Operator: And your final question will come from Christian Buss with Crédit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Yes, I was wondering if I can get a little bit more color on the seasonality of the Sanuk business and then I've got a follow-up after that.
Thomas A. George: Yes, the Sanuk business is, historically, has been primarily a spring business, which normally is going to be more than 50% of business. Closer to 60% of their business is going to be in the first half, so we've seen good growth. We can't report out a prior year first quarter number or second quarter number because we didn't own the company at that point in time. So there's some requirements we can't get into that. But the back half, with the new initiatives we have there, we're expecting some strong growth in the back half of the year as well this year.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. I'm trying to understand the second quarter guidance then. It seems to imply that there's some continued struggles in the UGG business in the second quarter. And I'm wondering if you could provide some color into, given that we can't talk about weather as the holdback in the spring/summer season as much, sort of what's leading to that softness and that weakness in the second quarter?
Thomas A. George: The UGG business in the second quarter is more of a -- sort of a reorder, a little bit of sell-in of some spring product. It's about in June, the Nordstrom anniversary sale. So it normally is not that big in the scheme of things. And then on Sanuk, we do have some good growth for sales for Sanuk in the second quarter. And I think one thing to keep in mind is, as I talked about it earlier, our international distributor sales in Europe are down pretty significantly relative to the prior year.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Can you maybe help quantify that?
Thomas A. George: I mean, no, we don't need to get into any -- we've given you guys a decent amount of where we're headed for the second quarter and some of the sort of salient details in terms, from a modeling perspective.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thank you, all, for your attention and participation on the call. Clearly, this quarter was not what we wanted. However, as I mentioned earlier, I'm very confident in our management team's ability to continue to develop our brands and continue to drive sales and earnings growth in the remainder of the year. So that's really our focus and our effort and we're extremely committed to ongoing delivery of high shareholder value for this company. Thank you, all.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We do thank everyone for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-23 04:30:00) =====
Executives: Angel Martinez – President and Chief Executive Officer Zohar Ziv – Chief Operating Officer Tom George – Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray Bob Drbul – Barclays Capital Omar Saad – ISI Group Mitch Kummetz – Robert Baird Camilo Lyon – Canaccord Genuity Diana Katz – Lazard Capital Markets Taposh Bari – Jefferies & Company Christian Buss – Credit Suisse Eric Alexander – Stifel Nicolaus Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group Scott Krasik – BB&T Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2011 Year End Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. (Operator Instructions) I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call regarding the company's expectations, beliefs, and views about future financial performance, brand strategies, and cost structure are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to the company's anticipated revenues, expenses, earnings, gross margin capital expenditures, brand strategies, and cost structure as well as the outlook for the company's markets and the demand for its products. The forward-looking statements made on this call are based on currently available information and because its business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond its control, actual operating results in the future may differ materially from the future financial performance expected at the current time. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including Risk Factors section of its Annual Report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the SEC. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which may speak only as of the date hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly release or update the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn the conference over to the President, Chief Executive Officer, and Chair of the Board of Directors, Angel Martinez. Please go ahead sir.
Angel Martinez – President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, thank you and thank you to everyone for joining us today. With me on the call are Chief Operating Officer, Zohar Ziv and Chief Financial Officer, Tom George. We're very pleased to report fourth quarter sales and earnings that exceed the levels that we outlined back in October. Our performance was driven by higher than expected demand for the UGG brand, primarily in our domestic wholesale channel. Fourth quarter UGG brand sales increased 38% easily pushing the first full year brand sales past $1 billion for the first time ever. This tremendous performance is a testament to the hard work put in by our UGG brand team year-in and year-out. Congratulations to Connie Rishwain and the global UGG brand team. Tom will go through the financials in a moment, but I do want to highlight some of our key achievements. Fourth quarter net sales rose 40% to a record $604 million and diluted earnings per share increased 40% to a record $3.18. It was very gratifying to end 2011 on such a high note. For the year, annual sales were $1.377 billion up 38% over 2010 and full year diluted EPS increased 26% to $5.07. A record financial performance was a result of our global team successfully executing the growth strategies that we have implemented over the past few years. While we regularly fine tune our strategies to adapt to market changes, our central theme has not changed, which includes reinvesting in our business and our brands. And in 2011, this included new product development, marketing, expansion of our consumer direct platform, which consists of our retail stores and eCommerce business and international growth, including the startup of subsidiaries in Europe. 2011 also included the acquisition of the Sanuk brand, a terrific addition to our brand portfolio and a compelling new growth vehicle for the company. Each of these investments contributed to our results while at the same time strengthening our connection with consumers, improving our position with retailers, and enhancing our future prospects. Let's talk about new products. New products and styles, which continued to spearhead growth in 2011. For the UGG brand, we introduced new styles in our classic collection significantly expanded the style count in our women’s fashion, cold weather, clog and casual collections launched our high-end Italian collection, and broadened our men's offering. In aggregate, the response of the 2011 fall and spring lines was very positive and we are confident that the evolution of the UGG brand is creating repeat customers and attracting new customers. The popularity of our classic boots was further enhanced this year by the Sparkles and Triplet Bailey button, which along with selected price increases help drive steady growth of our largest collection. As planned, our non-classic collections were the main growth drivers. Based on the sales mix, it is evident we are gaining share in new categories as we introduced more fashionable, functional, and of course, comfortable boots, comfortable sneakers, sandals and casual footwear for women and men, and continue to create growth in our highly successful slipper category. Importantly, distribution for these new collections is not limited to our own stores, website and select wholesale accounts. Across our department stores, specialty retail, and independent network, more and more shelf space is being dedicated to our growing lifestyle product offering. It was a similar story with the Teva brand, as new products particularly our growing assortment of closed toe footwear fueled the brand's second consecutive year of 20% plus growth. Expansion of our multi-sport product lines was especially critical to the Teva brand success during what was a very cold and wet spring season. In past year, this would have dealt a huge blow to the brand's performance when the line was almost exclusively sandals. So, the transformation of the Teva brand into a more well-rounded year-round outdoor performance brand is also extending its selling season deeper and deeper into the year. On the marketing front, we know that product isn't the only thing evolving at Deckers. Our marketing has also taken a significant step forward. I’ve spoken of this before, but it’s worth repeating. We have made the transition from being an exclusively product-driven company to a product and marketing driven company, which is an important step in altering consumer perception of the UGG brand and putting us on a more even playing field with other global lifestyle brands. Our UGG brand marketing team did a terrific job in 2011, especially with the Tom Brady campaign and the launch of our men’s initiative. Across the brand, print will continue to serve as primary platform, but you will also see us become more aggressive in our use of media and use of mobile and digital technology to reach consumers and creatively educate the audience on our brand's development. In consumer direct, which is another way we are connecting with consumers. We are expanding our company-owned retail stores and the improvement of our eCommerce capabilities. In 2011, we opened 18 new locations, primarily in China and in Japan. We’ll end the year with 45 stores globally. Our consumer direct channels do a great job showcasing from the breadth and depth of each season's product line, while providing us with great insight in the consumer behavior and buying patterns. Important data, that we are now able to mine and incorporate into our decision-making processes. Both consumer direct channels, eCommerce and retail, generates strong operating income margins. And one of the more critical investments we made over the past year was the build-out of a subsidiary infrastructure in Europe. Now, under the leadership of Steve Murray, we have developed the very strong foundation that will serve the company well in the years ahead as we look to penetrate new and existing markets throughout the continent. We are pleased with how the initial transition to wholesale distribution in the U.K. and Benelux progressed, particularly given the total size of the businesses we assumed and the macroeconomic issues facing these markets on their consumers. By working directly with retailers, we have been able to better highlight the long-term benefits of merchandizing a broader selection of the UGG brand and the entire product line, change the way they view the UGG brand and how they think about successfully growing our partnerships with us, which in turn is changing consumer perception of the brand. Now, this will be an ongoing process, but the results from 2011 were encouraging. We are confident that with – that what we are beginning – that we are at the beginning of an exciting new chapter for our international business. One that we believe has great long-term potential given the vast opportunities available for our broader product lines. And I should be clear that these opportunities are not limited to just Europe. In Asia which is now being led by Pete Worley, former Brand President of Teva, sales, particularly in China and Japan, are growing at a quick pace driven by investments and retail stores at a positive consumer response to new products. Now, to the Sanuk brand which turned out to be our largest investment in 2011. This is the brand we are very excited about. It's very authentic in surf and action sports and has very strong lifestyle potential with a devoted customer base beyond core sports. The fact that Sanuk brand has been able to expand as fast as it has past few years, and develop such a passionate fan base, speaks to the success it has had walking that fine line between growth and maintaining the brand's original identity. Now, this will not change going forward. We plan to develop the key retail relationships in department stores, outdoor sporting goods, and specialty footwear channels to increase distribution and shelf space, but we will not use our size and leverage to maximize the brand's opportunities overnight. Growth will be achieved methodically and strategically. And primarily through product line extensions that are more appropriate for broader distribution and do not jeopardize the continued success of the Sanuk brand with the core surf and action sports channel. I'll now turn the call over to Tom. Tom?
Tom George – Chief Financial Officer:  Thanks, Angel. In addition to what Angel discovered, there is a good amount of detail about our fourth quarter and full year sales and earnings results in today's earnings release, including sales by brand channel and geography. So, in an effort to leave more time for Q&A, I am going to limit my discussion primarily to gross margins, operating expenses, the balance sheet, and guidance. Gross margin for the fourth quarter was 51% compared to 54.2% in the fourth quarter of last year. The decline was due to an increase in product cost and a higher close-out sales partially offset by higher margins in our international business as a result of the transition to direct subsidiaries in the UK and Benelux. For the full year, gross margin was 49.3% compared to 50.2%. Total SG&A expense for the quarter was a $131 million or 21.7% of net sales compared to $92.6 million or 21.5% of net sales a year ago. SG&A increased primarily due to operating expenses related to our inversion to a wholesale business model in the UK and Benelux and additional expenses of acquiring and operating the Sanuk brand. In addition, fourth quarter 2011 SG&A includes additional marketing investments of $3.9 million, higher legal spend totaling $2.2 million, and $4.2 million in the amortization of intangible assets and purchase price accounting tied to the Sanuk brand earn-out payment. There are also 8 new retail stores that were not opened during the fourth quarter last year and additional increases in variable expenses for the increased sales. For the year, SG&A expense was $394.2 million or 28.6% in net sales compared to $253.9 million or 25.4% in net sales. Let me summarize some of the identifiable expenses that drove the year-over-year increase in SG&A. There was $9 million of one-time costs related to our transition to a wholesale model in the UK and Benelux, $11 million of additional marketing and advertising spend to support the UGG brands' men's and women's prospect initiatives, $6.7 million of additional legal spend to further fund the protection of our intellectual property and trademarks, $4.1 million of due diligence audit and transaction fees related to the Sanuk brand acquisition, $8.6 million associated with the amortization of intangible assets and purchase price accounting tied to the Sanuk earn-out payment. On top of these, there were additional expenses for opening and operating 18 new stores and increased payroll as a result of running the larger company, particularly with addition of our new subsidiaries in Europe. Now to operating income. For the fourth quarter, operating income was $176.8 million or 29.3% of sales, compared to operating income of $140.7 million or 32.7% of sales last year. For the year, operating income was $284.8 million or 20.7% of sales, compared to operating income of $249.1 million or 24.9% of sales. The decline in operating margin was a result of the slightly lower gross margins and the aforementioned investments in our global operating platform. Our effective income tax rate for the fourth quarter was 28.2% compared to 35.2% in the fourth quarter last year, and for 2011, our effective tax rate was 29.2% compared to 35.9% in 2010. A lower tax rate was driven by the increased mix of international pre-tax profit. Capital expenditures for the full year were approximately $35.8 million, higher by $32.7 million from 2010 driven mainly by the build-out of 80 new retail stores and the land for the new corporate facilities. Turning to the balance sheet at December 31, 2011, inventories increased 102.6% to $253.3 million from $125 million at December 31, 2010. By brand, UGG inventory increased $107.1 million to $201.8 million at December 31, 2011. Teva inventory increased $6.6 million to $29.3 million at December 31, 2011. Our other brands inventory decreased $1.5 million to $6.1 million at December 31, 2011. The newly-acquired Sanuk brand inventories were $16.1 million at December 31, 2011. The increase in inventory from a year ago is fairly equally balanced between the growth and spring orders, inventory for our direct subsidiaries in the UK and Benelux, the addition of the Sanuk brand and growth of our customer direct division, carryover product from the holiday period which will be utilized to fulfill orders during 2012 and an increase in product cost. In addition at December 31, 2011, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $263.6 million compared to $445.2 million at December 31, 2010. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents is primarily attributable to $125.2 million of cash payments associated with the acquisition of the Sanuk brand as well as approximately $20 million of cash payments for land for the – for our new headquarters facility. At December 31, 2011, we had zero borrowings outstanding under our credit facility. Accounts receivable at December 31, 2011 were $193.4 million compared to $116.7 million at December 31, 2010. The increase was attributable to increased sales and the conversions from distributor models to wholesale models in certain European markets. Now moving on to our outlook based on current visibility, we expect 2012 revenues to increased approximately 15% over 2011 level, but the full year, we expect UGG brand sales to increased by approximately 11%, Teva brand sales to increase 10%, Sanuk brand sales to be approximately $90 million, our other brands combined to be flat. Note that Sanuk brand sales were $69 million in 2011, which includes $42 million from the first half of 2011 before we acquired the brand. We currently expect diluted earnings per share be roughly flat with 2011 levels, which assumes a 200 basis point year-over-year decline in gross margin and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 29%. Our effective tax rate is expected to increase to approximately 31% in 2012 driven by the increased mix of domestic profit compared to 2011. With regard to gross margin, we expect cost of goods sold, which comprised about 51% of sales in 2011 would have been up approximately 10% in 2012 over 2011 as the result primarily of higher raw material cost namely sheepskin, which are up approximately 40% over 2011 levels and up approximately 80% versus 2010. The higher sheepskin cost, the higher sheepskin prices are costing us about 500 basis points of gross margin roughly a $1.40 and earnings per share in 2012. However, primarily through selective price increases, the full year addition of Sanuk and a greater contribution from a retail division will be able to offset about 300 basis point of the gross margin decline and fully offset the negative impact to our bottom-line. As we have discussed before, we have also implemented long-term programs to help further mitigate the impact from higher sheepskin and raw material cost. These include increasing the mix of non-sheepskin products, new footwear materials and new production technologies, and taking advantage of lower cost production including the United States where we will begin sourcing product from later this year. Included in our SG&A projection, our non-cash charges of approximately $13 million associated with the amortization of intangible assets and purchase price accounting tied to the Sanuk earn-out payment. We also make additional investments in marketing and European and Asian wholesale and retail infrastructure that we feel are important for the long-term development growth of the company. Our capital expenditures in 2012 were expected to total approximately $90 million, up from 2011 level of $56 million driven mainly by the build-out of 25 new retail stores in corporate facilities. We continue to evaluate the financing of our new corporate headquarters, including securing longer term financing as well as potential sale and leaseback scenario. For the first quarter of 2012, we currently expect revenues to increase approximately 19% and diluted earnings per share to decrease approximately 50% compared to the first quarter of 2011. First quarter guidance includes estimates of approximately $3.5 million or $0.06 per diluted share associated with the amortization and accretion expenses related to the Sanuk acquisition. This guidance also assumes a gross profit margin of approximately 48% and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 43%. As a reminder, a significant amount of our operating expenses were fixed and spread evenly on an absolute dollar basis throughout each quarter. This includes the cost associated with the 15 new stores that were not open until the second half of 2011. Therefore, due to the aforementioned increases in SG&A, we expect our earnings to decline in the first half of 2011 as compared to the first half of 2011, which are typically our lowest volume sales quarters, an increase over 2011 in the back half of the year. With regard to the second quarter which with last year's international wholesale conversions is by far our lowest volume quarter. We expect our loss per share to more than double from the same period last year, as a result of the lower sales growth and the higher expenses I just mentioned. And finally, as we announced in today's earnings release, the Board of Directors has authorized a $100 million stock repurchase program, thanks to our strong operating performance. We have the cash available to fund a program while continuing to invest in our brands and business. Our earnings per share guidance for 2012 does not include the impact of any potential share repurchases. And I'll now turn the call back over to Angel.
Angel Martinez – President and Chief Executive Officer: Well, thanks Tom. Well, we begin this year with more conviction than ever about the long-term growth opportunities that lie ahead for the company. This is reflected in our upwardly revised targets that call for sales of $2.4 billion by 2015, up from our previous estimate of $2 billion that we introduced just last year, which represents the compound annual growth rate of about 15% from 2011. Our new target includes $1.85 billion in UGG brand annual revenue versus $1.2 billion in 2011, the compound annual growth rate of about 11% over the four-year period ahead. A similar exercise for the Teva brand using our target of $250 million in annual revenues versus $125 million from this past year yields the compound annual growth rate of about 19% and based on $200 million for the Sanuk brand compared to approximately $69 million in 2011 that equates to a compound annual growth rate of roughly 30%. Looking at our long-term goal by region, we believe 40% or about $960 million will come from outside the U.S., up from $432 million in 2011, which means the compound annual growth rate of about 22% for the international markets and around 11% for our domestic business. Based on our current momentum, we believe these goals are achievable using a same strategy that generated 38% growth in 2011. Namely, product and category expansion, increased emphasis on marketing and advertising, retail store expansion, and capitalizing on the untapped international opportunities in both existing and new markets. And with regard to the near term, we are equally as optimistic. Despite the mildest winter in recent memory, we still grew UGG brand sales 38% in the fourth quarter. We believe this is a testament to the growing popularity of the brand and the strength of the product collections that we have developed. While we are not immune to weather, especially with our small, but growing line of cold weather boots, we believe that the comfort factor combined with the new fashion products we provide positions us better than the majority of our peers. That said, the fact is when retailers are sitting on excess inventory of winter apparel and footwear, it impacts everyone including us as opening the buy dollars to the following season are reduced. But as we heard from Tom, we are projecting sales to grow 15% in 2012, which again I believe speaks to the power of the UGG brand and it's important to retailers. To breakdown 2012 further, our backlog is up 15.1%. We expect our domestic business grow approximately 12% on top of 24% increase in 2011. This will be driven by increased demand for both spring and fall collections, and increase in shop-in-shops and the addition of four new retail stores including our first ever men’s only store adjacent to our Madison avenue location. We project international sales to increase 20% through steady growth from new products in our subsidiary markets of the U.K., Benelux, China and Japan and our European and Asian distributor market, plus the opening of 21 new stores including locations in Paris, the U.K., the Benelux, China and Japan. International sales are projected to represent approximately 33% of the company’s net sales in 2012 compared to 31% in 2011. Looking at our consumer direct division, 2012 retail sales are projected to grow approximately 49% driven by 25 new store openings and mid single-digit comp increase on top of a 6% increase this past year and eCommerce sales are expected to be up approximately 21%. We believe that the combination of growth I just outlined speaks to the success we have had diversifying our business in terms of distribution channels and geographies and underscore the strategic benefits of the brand portfolio that we put together. In the face of 40% higher sheepskin prices it’s a growth of our retail business and contribution from Sanuk along with selectively raising prices that providing us the opportunity to hold our bottom line flat in 2012. As we continue to diversify our business this year and beyond, we believe that will be well positioned to take advantage of any pullback in material costs, and better absorb other challenges that potentially arrive down the road. I want to close today’s prepared remarks by thanking our entire organization around the world for all the hard work that went into making this past year such a great success and that will carry forward the momentum into 2012 and beyond. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) We will go first to Jeff Klinefelter with Piper Jaffray.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: Thank you, Angel for the detail today. I just wanted to follow-up Angel with a question or a couple on the UGG outlook. You said domestic up 12% is your plan. Could you give us a little bit more of breakdown on that, generally speaking what kind of pricing versus kind of unit growth as I know pricings been an important driver of your business with the mix. And then any further breakdown on actual separating wholesale growth from retail would be helpful. Thank you.
Angel Martinez: Well, generally speaking from a category perspective we expect as we have been doing over the last two years. Managing the classic business as a percentage of total to a modest growth because we feel that we have the distribution we need for those kinds of products. We’ll continue to drive our growth in the new categories of fashion apparel. The men’s category is a growth opportunity. The kids’ category is a growth opportunity. We typically don’t breakout wholesale versus retail growth in this call or actually in any call. But that said we’re being aggressive when it comes to our retail strategy. As you can see we’re opening four more stores there are going to be more aggressive in our eCommerce business. We have historically taken really the tag that eCommerce was as much as service opportunity for our consumers as anything else. But now we’re behaving and strategizing more like an online seller and competing and marketing as effectively as anyone should in this particular area. We’re getting a lot smarter about it made some investments in that area. So, we expect that channel will continue to evolve very nicely, keep pace with the rest of our growth agenda across the other channels.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: Okay and would you say pricing for 2000.
Angel Martinez:  Yeah go ahead Tom.
Tom George: Jeff, if I could just add there in terms of the 12% domestic growth that included all brands it included Sanuk as well. And I think just give you some general direction, its more volume driven relative to price driven and its more retail growth versus wholesale growth just general speaking.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: Okay. And so the UGG specific growth domestically I think you said 11% in total for the year, what would UGG domestics specifically for the year?
Angel Martinez: That is a larger mature business obviously so that 11% is on a global basis that includes retail as well so.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: Okay.
Angel Martinez: We are being cautious with the UGG domestic growth number at this point in time.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: One just last clarification, you said out of your inventory, which no doubt people are watching closely coming out of the season, there is some carry of inventory. It’s a relatively modest component of the current inventory at this point, you know, kind of how you plan to manage it. I know you called this out a year or two ago as well and said you would sell it throughout the year the same strategy, not planning to put in off price, maybe you can give a little color on that?
Angel Martinez: Sure. The majority of the product that’s carrying over is classic type product. Now that product as you know, we sell that year in and year out, that really doesn’t absolute and in the past we have successfully done. We are doing that at this year. As we have evolved to more fashion oriented product, obviously then a bigger part of the mix is going to be product that runs the fashion cycle and then gets closed out. That’s the normal way of doing business in fashion as you know, Jeff.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: Yeah.
Angel Martinez: So, over the next few years you are going to expect to see more close outs from us, not necessarily in the classic front, but certainly on some of the more forward fashion items because they have a lifecycle and at the end of the lifecycle they have to be closed out. And that’s a planned thing. I mean that’s just the way business is done as you know.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: Okay, great. Thank you very much guys.
Angel Martinez: Thank you.
Tom George:  Thanks.
Operator: We will take our next question from next Bob Drbul with Barclays Capital.
Bob Drbul – Barclays Capital: Hi, good afternoon.
Angel Martinez: Hi, good afternoon.
Tom George: Hi, good afternoon.
Bob Drbul – Barclays Capital: Hi guys, couple of questions, on the 2012 outlook with regard to short of the gross margin outlook specifically around pricing. The decisions that you guys have made on price for the line throughout 2012. Do you believe that you have pricing power still or you choosing can you price I guess is the question and are you choosing not to take price as you look at the trends of the business and where we are today.
Tom George: We are comfortable with the pricing targets we now have. We really don’t want to go any higher on some of our classic products. We think that we have always felt that is an accessible brand to consumers. The price gets pushed up too high. I just don’t feel that’s a good strategy. You end up with the risk of putting market share risk and I don’t want to do that. I think we have to remain very competitive in the market. We have a lot of people that imitate our product. They are facing the same sheepskin issue problems that we are and so their prices have gone up as well. So, in relative terms we always want to remain accessible to our consumer, not pushed that edge too far. So, we are pretty comfortable that we are at the pricing that we need to be at.
Bob Drbul – Barclays Capital: Okay. And then if you were to fast forward 12 months from today on 13 when you look at sort of the expectation around cost of pricing. Would you expect to get back all the gross margin in 2013? How would you think about it sort of one year out from where we are?
Angel Martinez: Bob on that the biggest, biggest determining factor again 2013 is going to be where we land on sheepskin. What the sheepskin pricing will be for mostly fall 2013 and we did discuss some of that in that we feel we have come to a high water mark at this point in time that just the biggest determining factor at this point in time. To Angel's point on some of the classic product especially I think we pushed at the sales, the pricing to as far as we can at this point in time.
Bob Drbul – Barclays Capital: Got it and then I guess can you talk a little bit about your retail stores at the comp performance in the fourth quarter and anything that you sort of learned in the different stores or any cards that you would make around different regions for your retail store?
Zohar Ziv: Hi, Bob this is Zohar. The retail store, the comps really followed what we've seen through the macro environment. Overall in the earth, we have a good comp depends on the region, less in where the cold climate, you don't materialize. In the international market, we have been impacted the same way as others especially in Europe in the performance of the stores.
Bob Drbul – Barclays Capital: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator: We'll go next to Omar Saad with ISI Group.
Omar Saad – ISI Group: Thanks, good afternoon. Two questions actually, the first one is on the 500 basis points of the sheepskin impact this year. Could you help us, I mean, we cover a lot of these companies that are dealing with cotton pricing and here cotton is publicly quoted. Could you help us remind us all the different kind of factors going into that sheepskin pricing that inflation there? I know LVMH recently brought a crocodile farm as a way for them to better control the crocodile skin costs for some of their bags. Their strategies on the cost side you can do to deal with the sheepskin inflation and the volatility in that pricing in the marketplace. And then I have another follow-up. Thanks.
Angel Martinez: Let me take that one, sheepskin, it's a little bit different market that you have for cotton and so forth. First of all, you talk about sheepskin you talk about the quality of the sheepskin. For example, we don't source sheepskin from New Zealand because the skins over there, they are not a good fit for our products. We use the premium the highest quality of sheepskin. So the bulk of our sheepskin is coming from Australia. Sheepskin is a by-product of the mid-industry. You don't slaughter a sheep for just for the skin itself. So, the demand for sheepskin and the market for that is really being demand by the demand for red meat. It's also impacted by the weather, the drought. It also depends on wool prices. So what you have seen in the last few years that the supply of sheepskin, mainly in Australia, has been declining while the demand for sheepskin has increased throughout the world and that's why you've seen a compound increase of 80% from 2010 to 2012. What it has done and what we're hearing is, first of all, as Tom said it appears that we are at the top of the market. Earlier indications we are getting we're going to start to see some relief for next year. And hopefully some slight indication of price reduction. We won't know it until Q3. What it has done it pushed a lot of people out of the market while you saw a year ago and couple of years ago, people are coming and using sheepskin products, people are getting out of the market because of the cost of the product. The thing that we have done to counterbalance, and Tom talked about it. There is not a silver bullet that you can compensate for the 80% increase. It's looking through the whole supply chain and making it as efficient and as lean as possible and start all the way from the design of the items, how much product you are using, product innovation sourcing, where you are sourcing, how you are delivering. For example, this year, as Tom indicated this is the first time, we're coming back to the U.S., believe or not. And we are seeing some savings by doing that. So, that's our plan how to address it – it's – as Tom said, it's a long-term. You are not going to see an impact over one season, but that's our plan how to mitigate it and address it for the long-term.
Omar Saad – ISI Group: Thank you. And then I guess my follow-up on another topic, yeah, how are you thinking about, I know you mentioned that you are really focused on the retail, expanding your own retail stores, the stores are very productive. But how you are thinking about your channel mix overall in the types of retailers that are distributing through both in the U.S. on a global basis. There has been a bit of a renaissance in some of the higher-end department store marketplaces, I know you are in some of those. You're not in all those. But at the same time, it seems like there has been leased globally with the kind of specialty type regional and local chains, they seemed to be operating a little bit weaker across lot of categories, I know if you have any updated thoughts on coming your channel distribution mix strategy, thanks.
Angel Martinez: I think over the last few years, you've seen us involve to especially with the shop-in-shop approach that we've taken to retailers who understand brand, have the real estate to devote to brands for the appropriate presentation. Our spread and assortment has grown to the point, where it's a very significant investment for a retailer. So, it represents a very long-term commitment. And so there were people who were not as committed to the brand and the evolution of the brand who over the last few years have fallen a little bit off the pace, and they've been replaced by larger people. They've been in some cases our own stores have been a better draw for consumers. And so it's just the evolution of a brand. I mean, this is what happens to all brands. We remain totally committed to all the retail partners we have and that we have had over the years that have built our business, but the brand is not going to await for people to sort of come around and the brand is growing, has momentum. It is growing across multiple categories. And it requires, I think, a commitment from retailers as well as us giving them the commitment. So, we are ploughing forward.
Omar Saad – ISI Group: Thanks guys. Good luck.
Angel Martinez: Thank you.
Operator: We'll take our next question from Mitch Kummetz with Robert Baird.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert Baird: Yeah, thank you. I've got a few questions. Let me start on pricing on how just you talked a little bit about pricing and I just want to clarify, I guess, I've heard from some retailers you guys were taking up some prices for 2012 including on the classics, but it doesn't sound like that's the case. I mean, could you say exactly what you are doing kind of pricing across the UGG brand for 2012. Is it truly sort of flat or is it up a little bit?
Angel Martinez: We have taken price increases on classic product. We've taken price increases on classic short, classic tall. Yeah, I'd say pretty much, there is an across-the-board increase. Now, it varies. Some products selectively have increased more than others. Certain iconic products, as I said, were pretty careful about not hitting our head against the ceiling with consumers on some of these products. I think, for example, that you don't want to get too far above $200 on a classic tall. I think that could be too exclusive and leaves a lot of consumers out of the mix. So, we try to stay right around $200 and close to that. So, it's really by – it's a combination really by products, by item, where we feel that we have headroom, and in some areas, we choose not to for competitive purposes.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert Baird: Okay. And then couple of things on Q4, first of all, Tom, could you maybe talk about what the impact on gross margin was from the higher close-outs? And then also could you tell us what your own retail comp was on the quarter?
Tom George: Yeah, Mitch, on the impact on the margin for the quarter relative to close-outs was roughly 50 to 100 basis points at the most.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert Baird: Okay. And then the comp on the quarter for your own stores? And maybe while you are looking that up, I was also hoping just you can give us a little more color on kind of the gross margin puts and takes for 2012? You talked about 5 points of pressure from sheepskin and then about a 3 point offset from some benefits, I was hoping maybe you could just speak a little bit more towards those benefits? I mean how much gross margin do you get back from DTC? How much from Sanuk? And are there any other kind of big items gross margin items that benefit you in 2012 that we should be thinking of?
Tom George: Yeah. So, I'll get back to you on the – let me get back to the puts and takes on 2012 and what we talked about the sheepskin cost pressure for 2012 puts 500 basis points relative to that. We are going to recover 300 of that in the form of pricing Sanuk, and mix of retail and all that. And of that $300 million, it's pretty split between half of that roughly being pricing and the other half related to those mix items.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert Baird: Okay.
Tom George: The fourth quarter comp for our own stores was 1%.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert Baird: Okay, alright, thanks guys. Good luck.
Tom George: Alright, thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Camilo Lyon with Canaccord Genuity.
Camilo Lyon – Canaccord Genuity: Thanks and good afternoon everyone. I’ve just had a question. Can you discuss what conversations are with some of your wholesale partners domestically around the shop-in-shop strategy and how that slated to unfold for 2012 and if the fourth quarter had any negative impact on how people want to or customers of yours want to adopt that strategy.
Angel Martinez:  We’ve had no negative impact on that. It’s been an ongoing strategy for us, particularly as the brand evolves to multiple categories of product and multi-season. So the investment of UGG brand is a year-round investment. Shop-in-shops are strong performers on a square foot basis in every single location we’re in they performed in the spring, they performed in the fall. As a matter of fact over the years we’ve been some more reticent to open shop-in-shops. We could have opened a lot more shop-in-shops than we have. We’re very selective about the shop-in-shops. The retailer pays for that build out, that’s not something that we fund. So, it is in a fact a great way of showcasing and evolving brand on a year-round basis.
Camilo Lyon – Canaccord Genuity: And could you remind us where you at right now, where you entered the year at and what that could look like for 2012?
Angel Martinez: Ended the year about 390 shop-in-shops globally and roughly for 2012 we’re looking at another 100 roughly.
Camilo Lyon – Canaccord Genuity: Another 100?
Angel Martinez: Yes.
Camilo Lyon – Canaccord Genuity: Okay. And then my final question Tom, if you could just breakout what the benefit was to the gross margin line in the fourth quarter from the international transition?
Tom George: Yeah that was roughly 300 to 400 basis points positive.
Camilo Lyon – Canaccord Genuity: Great. Thanks and good luck for ’12.
Tom George: Alright thank you.
Operator: We’ll go next to Diana Katz with Lazard Capital Markets.
Diana Katz – Lazard Capital Markets: Hi thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to know if you could talk a little bit more about inventory. How should we think about for the rest of 2012? Do you set to go down on any subsequent quarter and at any point more normalized with sales?
Tom George: Yeah I think the way to look at inventories for the year are in the first half of the year the inventories will be up -- at every quarter inventory will be up relative to 2011 for each quarter. First half of the year higher then the back half of the year and by the end of the year in the fourth quarter, we expect to sort to exit the year at quarterly inventory turn calculations pretty similar to how we exited 2011.
Diana Katz – Lazard Capital Markets:  Okay. And then on the SG&A line outside of the amortization of the accretion expense with Sanuk. Can you help us quantify some of the other SG&A buckets like marketing, legal et cetera?
Tom George:  Is that for 2012?
Diana Katz – Lazard Capital Markets: 2012. Yeah.
Tom George:  I think way to look at that in terms of relative to the guidance in absolute operating expenses in 2011 versus 2012 for the total year. You go to the guidance there is roughly third of the increase that you’d be modeling as it related to Sanuk and that’s going to include Sanuk’s amortization of it’s intangibles as well as it’s purchase price accounting about half of the increase year-over-year is relative to the retail and international infrastructure where investors were trying to grow. And then roughly 20% of the year-over-year increase in SG&A is related to our marketing.
Diana Katz – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. And then can you talk about in terms of your order book how much is comprised of the new men’s business initiative and how orders ended up there?
Angel Martinez: Well, we haven’t generally broken out what the order book looks like. But we had a very healthy increase in our men’s business in 2011 and it was up over 30%. That we felt that was a great performance driven primarily by great new product and the men’s campaign featuring Tom Brady. So, we’re going to continue driving on that path, we know that’s an opportunity for us, we're getting more and more distribution on the men's product for both spring and for fall. So, we are excited about that.
Diana Katz – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: We'll go next queue Taposh Bari with Jefferies & Company.
Taposh Bari – Jefferies & Company:  How are you doing guys? Quick question, I wanted to ask a question I guess on just the fourth quarter and what we're seeing here in the first quarter. I get that UGG is very much a comfort brand, but it seems inevitable that weather is playing a role for a lot of companies here – this past holiday season. So, I'm just hoping you can talk about maybe is there any parts of the country in the U.S. or any geographies globally where weather played lesser role and if you can talk to how those businesses did, just to get a cleaner perspective on how the UGG business performed ex-weather is possible.
Angel Martinez:  I always try to point to California. I always use California as a reference point. Yeah, we're having a warm winter around the country. It's still colder than it is in California. And the consumer in California has from many years now been in replenishment mode with UGG as a comfort product. The minute the evenings cool, and we're not talking 30 degrees if we don’t see that here very much, but 50s. It just time to where UGG and that is the pattern. That’s the pattern that emerges everywhere in the country where you start to see the consumer embrace the brand as a comfort brand and then get into the replenishment of the product, weather its slippers, whether its classic, that’s the pattern. So, I think its vitally important to understand the brand from the perspective, I mean the brand did evolve in Australia which have a climate very similar to California and continues to be down there its iconic. The type of product is iconic. So, we have faith in the power of the brand to do that. And we haven’t seen any example around the world were that’s not the case. And there is common reference to the brand as cold weather etcetera. It is a not a cold weather brand, it is a comfort brand as I said on many occasions. Now as I said in my comments, the warm weather did impact our retailers. There is no doubt about that. And we're not immune from the impact of our retailers. So, they are adjusting their open the buys for fall for next year based on performance of product this year. And it’s the weather is had a lot to do with decision making, the one most important thing of all the brands that they depend on for the fall season and for holiday, UGG performed the best. And that continue to be the highlight for retailers, the UGG brand performance in the fourth quarter.
Taposh Bari – Jefferies & Company: Great, that’s very helpful. And then if I could just ask a follow-up along lines of the iconic stature of where UGG has been historically, now you're entering more as non-classic styles. How do you see that kind of iconic brand positioning translating to some of these more competitive styles and also along those lines? Do you expect, so we expect to see similar types of net product margins on those businesses as move forward to what we've seen historically with the classic product.
Angel Martinez: We'll, what’s iconic about the brand, obviously the brand has a certain look and in terms of classic, but the consumers are where UGG love it for the way it feels. Nothing feels like UGG, I mean that just the fact so as we've successfully infuse the comfort and the feeling of UGG into other products. Consumers have preferred that feeling to similar silhouettes that don’t have – what UGG does, the sheepskin, the premium luxury comfort, nature of it and that’s where we've been very successful, I mean we can take a pattern that's a fairly common pattern in men's for example a certain type of boot, certain style boot, their motorcycle boot and UGG if I as we say that boot. So you can wear with no socks and your feet stay perfect, you're not cold, you're not hot, just right. Find that sort of Goldilocks zone for your feet and that is what makes the brand special. And around that idea, we have continued to evolve product now. As we do more and more fashion product and there is some product in line that does not have much sheepskin. If any I mean we have sandals that have no sheepskin. Those were seasonal items and those represent a small percentage of the product line and those products will be closed out. There will be markdowns on those products. That’s the nature of the beast. That’s what we do, but what it's doing in total is creating a much more powerful lifestyle brand and lifestyle statement for the brand through retailers. And it's a very compelling brand to be associated with as a retailer. I mean, delivers tremendous volume and profit and we'll continue to do that.
Taposh Bari – Jefferies & Company: Okay, thank you very much. Good luck in 2012.
Angel Martinez: Thank you.
Tom George: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Christian Buss with Credit Suisse.
Christian Buss – Credit Suisse: Hello, I was wondering if you might be able to provide some color on how we should think about the margin profile of the business and the more normalized costing environment given the shift to more fashion-oriented styles, the shift to owned retail, how are you guys thinking about that longer term margin profile of the business?
Angel Martinez: Yeah. I mean, Christian what we have talked about there is it's all about the sheepskin and we feel that we have hit a highpoint there and if we can start getting sheepskin prices, then we've got the opportunity to get more leverage into the model and more earnings power. So, that's sort of something that needs to be sorted out and we have more visibility as the year goes on to what the fall '12 sheepskin prices will be then we'll have a better idea to answer that. But that being said still longer term we believe with the Sanuk, the retail expansion of eCommerce, some stabilization of sheepskin, cost, we think longer term we can still – we still are targeting and operating income margin of 20%.
Christian Buss – Credit Suisse: Okay, that's helpful. And then could you provide some color on your strategies to drive eCommerce business and the owned retail business in 2012?
Tom George: Yeah. As Angel mentioned Christian, we have done certain things, we have been building it both from internally and externally using more and more social media methodology and so forth and also upgrade our platform. We last year moved to Demandware, which is a cloud system that allows us to expand internationally. So, in addition to the U.S. now we are operating also in Canada, in the UK, in the Benelux, and we started this year also in Japan and we are looking for next year to be also in China. So, eCommerce is going to continue to be a very strong – both it's a brand building tool for us, but also a consumer direct selling vehicle for us.
Christian Buss – Credit Suisse: Thank you very much and best of luck.
Angel Martinez: Thanks.
Operator: We'll go next to Jim Duffy with Stifel Nicolaus.
Eric Alexander – Stifel Nicolaus: Hi, this is Eric Alexander in for Jim Duffy who is traveling. I just, thanks for all the color on everything, I do appreciate it. Just looking at the Sanuk, the $13 million in charges is that an incremental $8.6 million year-over-year is that, are we looking at that in total?
Tom George: The $13 million is the total number. It's not an incremental number.
Eric Alexander – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. And then in looking at Sanuk, if you guys roughed out what you are looking at from an accretion standpoint that you'd be comfortable providing at this stage?
Tom George: We certainly have roughed that out with the guidance that we gave for the total year and even with the amortization and accretion, the operating margins are greater than the overall. Well, you axe out the accretion and the amortization. The operating margins are greater than the overall company average, and even with the accretion and amortization, the operating margins are real respectable.
Eric Alexander – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay. So you are not – but you can't provide a kind of EPS wise what you are looking from that?
Tom George: Certainly accretive.
Eric Alexander – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, that's helpful. And then on the FX impact, what do you guys have built into your guidance as far as some of the assumptions that you are taking into account?
Angel Martinez: Yeah, what we have built into our assumptions there, I mean, crystal ball especially in today's FX environment, but we are looking at now is our guidance that assumes or the current forward rates which are pretty consistent with the current spot rates. And we actually deal with some of the contracts we have entered into were a while back, the hedging contracts. We've got some small benefit there from those, but that sort of net what our assumption is on FX right now.
Eric Alexander – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, all right, that's helpful. And then if I could sneak one last one in here. On the – I apologize if you already touch on it, on the international wholesale growth, did you break that out as far as what you guys are assuming in 2012 growth wise.
Angel Martinez: No, we've been – we just gave out – gave a total international channel growth which included wholesale and retail.
Eric Alexander – Stifel Nicolaus: Okay, all right, well, thank you very much and best of luck.
Angel Martinez: All right, thanks.
Operator: We'll go to Chris Svezia with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Good afternoon guys.
Angel Martinez: Hi, Chris.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Hi, just on the international side you guys said there was a 20% growth, I know that's retail and wholesale, Tom just mentioned but, could you maybe just talk about what you're seeing in Europe, sort of your thoughts about how the transition unfolded and just sort of thoughts about the U.K. business and generally think about 2012. Is that a growth region if you guys from a wholesale perspective? Maybe add a little more color on the international side is what I'm saying.
Angel Martinez: Yeah, we think the transition as you recall we had a little bumpy road at the very beginning that we smooth that all out, I think when Steve Murray came on board. We were able to provide some leadership into the region. He is done a great job so, that is very stable and we feel it's a platform for growth across the entire European theatre. Now, U.K. is a tough market right now, every brand is struggling in U.K, business is soft. The economy has been pounded there. Yet we still see that as a growth opportunity we see this as a growth environment and brand has had good success for the store that we've open – we're opening another store in Piccadilly just in time to the Olympics. We think the Olympics is going to have a positive impact on the economy in the U.K. and the pricing that we'll be able to benefit from that with our store presence. The rest of Europe looks pretty healthy, I mean, we've had nice solid performance in Benelux will be developing on growing and evolving business in France. We'll be opening a store in Paris relatively soon. We're developing our wholesale business in France, developing wholesale business in Germany through a distributor and then there are some untapped markets in Europe that offering tremendous opportunity, Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic where we feel we have opportunity. Of course, there are markets like Spain that are struggling. Italy has remained fairly solid for us. We have distributor there who does pretty well so, you know, Europe is just – is anybody is guess as to when it's going to turnaround, but the recent improvements in the macro environment via coming together and beginning to address some of the issues has really put us I think in a better mindset about it.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay, and then just on the Tom made some reference to Q2 and you expected, I think the loss – the loss is more than doubled due to lower sales growth. I'm just curious, I think you are up 12% Q2 last year, I mean is the sales growth rate lower than that and just trying to understand what you meant by that comment if I got that correctly.
Tom George: Yeah, sales growth, it did slow, last year Q2 was in spite of the distributor conversion last year with the shift, we still had sales growth, but this year's sales growth in Q2 – there is no distributor conversion impact this year, but it will be growth and it will be growth similar to last year's second quarter growth.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay, I got it. And then just I guess lastly, I guess Angel for you, just I guess on UGG branding sort of question. There is lot of just sort of chatter and thought process. one that, either the UGG brand has lost some momentum coming through 2011 and some camps just saying look, if weather was really the only issue to some degree of that moderated some of the growth and that’s fine. It's just weather did it happens and if the brand still have lot of momentum and demand for it and making people chase as you're going to the back half of the year for open to buy inventory commitment. So, I'm just kind of curious when you speak to wholesalers is that just really strictly the case that it was weather shrinking open to buy or did they make other comments about open to buy converting to other brands, just curious if you can flush out some of the thought process in and around that?
Angel Martinez:
to: And, you know, that's the way it is with brands like UGG. You do get to that place, where the brand has to continue to evolve, you have to keep growing. You have to keep powering forward and what I have found independent of anyone I talked to is that without UGG it’s very tough to make your fourth quarter number. UGG is a brand that delivers results every fourth quarter. It is a must have brand for most of our distribution, virtually all of our distribution. Life without UGG is more difficult. So we're very respectful of all our retailers and we ask those who have taken the opinion that while maybe we're too big for our britches and for whatever reason they want to cast aspersion on the brand by spreading rumors and that’s a lot of what happens. And it’s annoying, a little frustrating, but we look right past it and go right to our consumer and they seem to not more, not less UGG. So, we are pretty confident around the right path.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. Thank you very much and all the best in 2012.
Operator: We will take our next question from Scott Krasik with BB&T.
Scott Krasik – BB&T: Hi, thanks. Just one bigger picture question and then a housekeeping question. Angel, some of your biggest retailers Nordstrom, Dillard's, Journey’s they have seemed to have locked pricing up in the last weeks. The UGG tall is now 200. The Bailey button tall is 220. I’m assuming that’s on carryover a 11 products you guys don’t benefit from that. Are you doing that to test you have consumer react to the pricing and then I think at least what we have heard that there is going to be another step up after June on 12 products. So, if you could comment on that?
Angel Martinez: My guess is that they are people that have taken the price up prematurely and they are looking at the fall price list and raising the prices in advance of fall product hitting the shelves, actually where they see product that is carryover product, all the margin it has some opportunities.
Scott Krasik – BB&T: Exactly.
Angel Martinez: Okay.
Scott Krasik – BB&T: And does that give you testing? Do they tell you, you know, we're seeing elasticity of X and maybe we don't feel as comfortable with the fall pricing, where you change your fall pricing or the falling pricing is set and it is what it is?
Angel Martinez: And we haven't had any comments that there's resistance. Our fall pricing is set and the pricing as it is still great value for money. Yeah, the price went up, but we have never comprised the quality of materials and it’s the price you pay for the quality that we're putting into the product. If we wanted to mitigate, one mitigation efforts that we have not employed, we will not employ with the sheepskin issue is lowering the quality of sheepskin and we are just not going to do that. So, it just a vital part of who we are and quality is most important thing. I think it will differentiate us from the look alike. So, we are going to keep going down this path, the only path, where we don’t have any choice on this front.
Scott Krasik – BB&T: Okay. And then Tom just of the roughly $95 million increase in international sales in Q4. How much of that was just strictly related to the distributor subsidiary conversion.
Tom George: Hang on I’ve got that for you. In the fourth quarter the increase in international sales due to change in model.
Scott Krasik – BB&T: Yeah.
Tom George:
Just:
Scott Krasik – BB&T: Okay, alright. Thank you very much guys. Good luck.
Tom George: Alright thank you.
Angel Martinez: Thanks.
Operator:
with:
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: Thanks guy. Can you just give us a little more clarity on your retail store openings from next year or are any those in the U.S. or they are all on the outside the U.S. maybe a little more detail by location?
Tom George: Yeah, Howard, as we said, out of the 45 about four of them are going to be in the U.S. And the other are going to be broken down probably evenly between Europe and Asia, Asia its maybe China and Japan. In Europe, you will see handful of them in the UK. Angel talked about also France.
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: Got it. And they are U.S.
Tom George: And the Netherlands.
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: Got it and they all kind of full price stores or any outlet stores?
Tom George: The bulk of them are going to be constant store, full price stores.
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: Got it, okay. Maybe just one more question on the closeout product that you have, where does that end up? Does that go to TJ Maxx or Marshall's or does that go to your outlet stores? How does that stuff get sold off?
Angel Martinez: It goes out in proportional supply to DSW to T.J. Maxx, our outlet stores so it’s not enough product to overweight that any part of the market. It never has been and certainly isn't this year. We do a pretty good job of closing out the absolute inventory.
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: Got it that’s great. Thanks.
Angel Martinez – President and Chief Executive Officer: Thank you. Well, thank you all for participating today and really appreciate your support over the last year and look forward to your ongoing support in 2012. And once again thanks to the entire team around the world at Deckers and we look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that does conclude today's conference call. We would like to thank you all for your participation.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-10-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Thomas A. George - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Angel R. Martinez - Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and President
Analysts: Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division Jessica Schoen - Barclays Capital, Research Division Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call regarding our expectations, beliefs and views about our future financial performance are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to the company's anticipated revenues, expenses, earnings, gross margin and capital expenditures and the outlook for the company's markets and the demand for its products. The forward-looking statements made on this call regarding our future financial performance are based on currently available information. And because our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond our control, actual operating results in the future may differ materially from the future financial performance expected at the current time. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the SEC. Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly release or update the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn the conference over to the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors, Mr. Angel Martinez. Please go ahead, sir.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thanks for joining us today. With me on the call as always, are Zohar Ziv and Tom George. I'm going to begin with a review of the main drivers of our record third quarter performance. And then, Tom will go through the numbers and outline our guidance. I'll then return and provide some commentary on the upcoming holiday season and our long-term outlook. And after that, we'll be happy to take questions. As you saw from our press release issued earlier, we had a great quarter. Sales increased 49% to $414 million, and diluted EPS increased 49% to $1.59, both third quarter records for the company. Our recent performance was driven by strong demand for the UGG brand across our multiple distribution channels and geographic regions.  From a product standpoint, sales were very broad-based for the UGG brand, consisting of multiple boot collections and a growing assortment of casual footwear, this year's women's fall line is our most diverse ever. Boots included equestrian, cold weather, fashion, classics led by the Sparkle and the Bailey Button Triplet and wood-buttom styles. Casuals included clogs, slippers and sneakers, which have all sold very well. The introduction of our Italian handcrafted UGG collection was also well received. Our men's business had a strong quarter too. September was highlighted by the debut of our new ad campaign featuring Tom Brady. In addition to the TV spot that first ran during the Patriot season opener on Monday Night Football, we targeted male customers through several mediums including print, billboards, kiosks, digital and the Web. We've recently seen a meaningful pickup in the demand for our expanded line of men's sneakers, casuals, boots and slippers.  Our UGG brand domestic wholesale business increased double-digits for the fourth consecutive quarter. I think it's important to point out that the growth of our U.S. wholesale business continues to come from higher door productivity versus new door growth. Our strategy of keeping distribution tight and going after more shelf space within our account base of better department stores, especially footwear retailers and kid independence is clearly working. Through the ongoing evolution of our UGG line, we've succeeded in significantly increasing the average SKU count per door over the past several years, and now command more retail real estate including more than 350 shop-in-shops. In Europe, we've made good progress growing our wholesale business with distributors and more recently, through our subsidiaries. This quarter marked our first fall season selling directly to retailers in the U.K. Orders were up significantly on both the unit and dollar basis, and were noticeably more diverse than a year ago. The transition to a wholesale model has also -- has allowed us to capitalize on the demand generated by our former distributor, and accelerate the UGG brand evolution beyond its classic roots to establish it as a luxury comfort brand. Much like we've been doing in the U.S., we've identified the right group of retailers to partner with us on this strategy, and made the decision to narrow U.K. distribution. Now this will help ensure that consumers are presented with a broader selection of merchandise, while also educating the population on just how deep the product line has become. In the Benelux, we picked up where our former distributor left off. This market has been selling a diverse selection of product for several years, and the retailers response for this fall's new introductions has been positive.  In our distributor markets, which include Italy, Germany and Russia to name a few, we experienced solid year-over-year growth in the third quarter, driven by demand from multiple collections. Overall, we're pleased with our performance in Europe. We're obviously cognizant of the concerns about Europe due to the economic situations in several countries, and we'll continue to closely monitor sell-through as we head into the holiday period. We've also expanded our business in Asia through direct operations in Japan and our joint venture in China. These are 2 of the largest luxury good markets in the world, and provide compelling long-term opportunities for the UGG brand. This is our third year of direct operations in Japan. And while the retail environment has been soft following the earthquake and tsunami in March, we're moving forward with the right mix of wholesale accounts in each of the major cities. Expanding our company-owned retail locations has also been a key part of our Asia growth strategy, and we've opened 5 stores in Japan and 4 in China year-to-date. These new stores include our first boutiques, which are smaller versions of our full-priced concept stores and average about 1,400 square feet. On a global basis, our Consumer Direct division delivered a very strong third quarter. Retail sales increased 72%, fueled by our aggressive store opening schedule in Asia, coupled with very strong comps. Same-store sales were up 15.4%, which follows a 23.6% increase in the second quarter, and comes on top of the 17.9% comp increase in the third quarter of last year.  Our U.S. stores again, outperformed versus expectations, while our stores in the U.K. have continued to improve after a challenging first quarter. It appears that the U.K. retail environment has stabilized following the implementation of austerity measures earlier in the year, and our outlook for the holiday season remains positive. And finally, our eCommerce business posted its fourth consecutive quarter of double-digit growth, driven by higher UGG brand sales on both our U.S. and U.K. websites. I'll now turn it over to Tom.
Thomas A. George: Thanks, Angel. We had a great quarter in the third quarter of 2011, net sales increased 49.1% to $414.4 million versus $277.9 million in the third quarter of last year. Net sales of UGG products increased 47.3% to $376.7 million versus $255.8 million in the third quarter last year. Net sales of Teva products increased 7.3% to $14.7 million in the third quarter compared to $13.7 million in the same period of 2010. Sanuk brand sales were $15.6 million in the third quarter. We began including the Sanuk brands operations effective July 1, 2011, our acquisition date. Combine that sales of the company's other brands decreased 11.7% to $7.4 million in the third quarter of 2011, compared to $8.4 million a year ago. Included in these numbers are global retail store sales of $34.7 million, up 72.1% from $20.2 million in the third quarter of 2010, driven by 13 new stores at September 2010, and a same-store sales increase of 15.4% for those stores that were opened for the full 3-month period ended September 30, 2010 and 2011.  Sales for eCommerce business, which are included in the brand sales numbers as well, increased 18.3% to $10.3 million in the third quarter, up from $8.7 million in the prior-year period. Also included in the brand sales numbers, domestic sales for all brands increased 26% to $257.9 million compared to $204.7 million in the third quarter of last year. And international sales increased 113.8% to $156.4 million compared to $73.2 million in Q3 2010. International sales were 37.8% of total sales, up from 26.3% last year. Gross margins for the current quarter improved 1.9 percentage points to 49% compared to 47.1% in the third quarter last year. This increase was driven by direct distribution for the UGG brand in the U.K. and Benelux, and increased mix of retail sales, and is partially offset by a roughly 10% increase in product cost. Total SG&A expense for the quarter was $112.2 million or 27.1% of net sales, compared to $64.6 million or 23.3% of net sales a year ago. SG&A increased primarily due to an increase in operating expenses related to our conversion to a wholesale business model in the U.K. and Benelux and additional expenses of acquiring and operating the Sanuk brand. In addition, third quarter 2011 SG&A includes additional marketing investments of $3.8 million, higher legal spend totaling $2.1 million, due diligence audit and transaction fees related to the Sanuk acquisition of $2.7 million, and $4.4 million in the amortization of intangible assets and purchase price accounting tied to the Sanuk earnout payment. The due diligence audit and transaction fees are one-time charges, while the amortization of earnout accounting will be ongoing at decreasing annualized amounts. There were also 13 new retail stores that were not opened during the third quarter last year, and additional increases in variable expenses for the increased sales. Operating income for the quarter was $90.7 million or 21.9% of sales compared to operating income of $66.3 million or 23.9% of sales last year. Net income for the third quarter 2011 increased 48.3% to $62.5 million, compared to net income of $42.1 million in the third quarter of 2010. And diluted earnings per share increased 48.6% to $1.59 versus $1.07 in the third quarter last year. Now turning to the balance sheet. Inventories at September 30, 2011 were $356.9 million compared to $197.3 million a year ago. By segment, UGG inventory increased $143.7 million to $324 million. Teva inventory increased 50.4% to $16.9 million, and our other brands inventory increased by $1 million. Sanuk inventory totaled $9.2 million at September 30, 2011. The increase in inventory at September 30, 2011, is primarily attributable to the growth in fourth quarter orders for the UGG brand, the warehousing of holiday inventory supporting the new wholesale European business, that was previously fulfilled by international distributors and the increase in retail stores compared to a year ago. As of September 30, 2011, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $90.4 million compared to $250.5 million at September 30, 2010. The decrease in cash and cash equivalents versus a year ago was primarily attributable to the cash payment of $126.6 million associated with the acquisition of Sanuk brand in July 1, 2011, combined with the increased inventories and receivables associated with the transition to wholesale operations in Europe. At September 30, 2011, we had $45 million in outstanding borrowings under our credit facility compared to none at the same point last year. Accounts receivable at September 30, 2011, were $227.7 million compared to $142.2 million at September 30, 2010. The increase was attributable to increased sales and the conversions from distributor models to wholesale business models in certain European markets. Now moving on to our outlook. Based on better-than-expected third quarter results, we are raising our fiscal 2011 guidance. We now expect 2011 revenues to increase approximately 33% over 2010 levels, up from our previous guidance of approximately 26% growth. For the full year, we now expect UGG brand sales to increase by approximately 32%, up from our previous expectation of 25%. We expect Teva sales to increase by approximately 20%. For the Sanuk brand, we now expect sales for the second half of the year to be in the high $20 million range versus our previous guidance in the low $20 million range. And sales of our other brands are expected to be down by approximately 10% compared to 2010. We currently expect fiscal 2011 diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 22% over 2010 levels, up from our previous guidance of approximately 17% growth. Our forecast is based on a full year gross profit margin of approximately 50% and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 29%. As a reminder, our SG&A projection includes certain initial charges related to our transition to a wholesale business model in Europe, as well as additional investments in several key areas of the business that we feel are important to the long-term development and growth of the company. These include approximately $9 million of initial costs related to our transition to a wholesale business in the U.K., Benelux and France. Most of these costs were expensed during the first and second quarters are now behind us. Approximately $11.5 million of additional marketing and advertising spend to support the UGG brand's men's and women's prospect initiatives. Approximately $7.2 million of this has been spent year-to-date, with remaining $4.3 million budgeted for the fourth quarter.  A $7 million increase in our legal expenses, to further fund the protection of our intellectual property included in our trademarks, approximately $4.5 million of these costs were incurred during the first 9 months with $2.5 million remaining in the fourth quarter. Lastly, we have approximately $4.1 million in due diligence, audit and transaction fees associated with our acquisition of the Sanuk brand, most of which, has been expensed during the first 3 quarters. The aforementioned investments, due diligence costs and deal fees totaled approximately $0.56 per diluted share. In addition, we have approximately $4.9 million of amortization expense related to Sanuk brand intangible assets and approximately $2.8 million of accretion expense related to contingent payments for the acquisition of the Sanuk brand. Of this total, $4.4 million was expensed in the third quarter, leaving $3.3 million to be expensed in the fourth quarter 2011. Compared to 2010, our effective tax rate is expected to decline to approximately 31% in 2011, driven by the increased mix of international profits. Our capital expenditures in 2011, are expected to be approximately $60 million. For the fourth quarter 2011, we expect revenues to increase approximately 29%, and diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 33% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. This guidance includes approximately $6.9 million or $0.12 per diluted share of incremental investments associated with additional marketing, amortizing spend and increased legal expenses. We're still in the planning stages and budgeting process for next year. Though consistent with past practice, we'll provide more specific 2012 guidance when we report our Q4 results in February. But we want to share with you some initial insights, particularly, as it relates to raw materials. Prices for our primary raw material, sheepskin, have continued to rise, as have leather prices, which often move in correlation with one another. After increasing 30% in 2011 over 2010, our sheepskin cost will be up another 40% in 2012. As we've discussed before, we have implemented programs to help mitigate the impact from higher sheepskin and raw material costs. These include selectively raising prices, increasing the mix of non-sheepskin product; exploring new footwear materials, new production technologies and U.S. production, and supply chain efficiencies such as reduced freight costs and others. We think some of these measures, along with the expected growth of our retail division and higher concentration of international sales, will help partially offset the increase in our cost of goods sold in the near term, while others will take more time before we see meaningful benefit flow through our P&L. With regard to SG&A expenses, we expect to make additional infrastructure investments, primarily personnel, to support our multichannel growth strategies in Europe and Asia next year and beyond, as well as consider additional marketing expenses. In addition, 2012 operating expenses will include the noncash charges for Sanuk, amortization expense and earnout accounting of approximately $12 million. I'll now turn the call back to Angel for closing comments.
Angel R. Martinez: Well, thanks, Tom. As you can see from our guidance, we're anticipating another strong fourth quarter. The recent acceleration and sell-through of the UGG brand at retail, combined with our inventory investments, has us well-positioned for the holiday season in the U.S., and in our direct international markets. Earlier this month, we opened 2 more stores in China, as well as locations in Toronto and Vancouver. We'll soon open our third store in London, followed by another 2 in Japan. This will give us 44 stores worldwide by mid-November, up from 27 at this time a year ago, with 19 in the U.S., 5 in the U.K., 10 in China, 8 in Japan and 2 in Canada. So it's shaping up to be another record year for the company. The UGG brand is on pace to surpass $1 billion in annual sales. The Teva brand is projected to report its second consecutive year of 20-plus percent growth. And our brand portfolio has never been stronger, thanks to the acquisition of the Sanuk brand. At the same time, we're in excellent financial condition with no long-term debt, and a projected yearend cash position of approximately $250 million, with no short-term bank borrowing even after our purchase of the Sanuk brand and approximately $20 million in company stock repurchases. Turning to 2012, the spring 2012 prebook process for the UGG, Teva and Sanuk brands went well. The UGG brand's spring line is expected to have a much greater presence at our domestic wholesale accounts next year, including sandals, espadrilles, boots, clogs and sneakers. The mix of closed toe footwear now comprises approximately 21% of the Teva brand's spring line, and will continue to be the driving force around the brand's continued market share gains in the outdoor space. The Sanuk brand was well into its spring selling period when we acquired it in July. Management has made good progress growing the prebook portion of the business, and this is evident in their backlog at September 30. Overseas, the UGG brand spring line is still under-penetrated. We believe that our newly established subsidiaries provide a stronger platform to go after this large market opportunity. Likewise, our direct operations in the U.K. and Benelux are influencing the Teva brand's strategic direction in those regions, as well as neighboring countries like France. Turning to retail. Our preliminary plans are to open approximately 25 new stores in 2012. The majority will be in international locations, primarily boutiques in Asia, with a store opening cadence similar to this year. Now we're obviously well aware of the potential headwinds that face the global consumer should the economic environment deteriorate further. However, we feel good about our prospects and our growth prospects at this point. The opportunities for our business have never been broader or more diverse, and we're confident that we have the right strategies in place to build on the global momentum that we've created. So operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]  First up is Jeff Klinefelter of Piper Jaffray.
Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: A question for you first, Angel, on the UGG brand and pricing during the quarter and during the second half of the year, impressive gains. And I was just curious, either measured in your own retail doors or measured as you can tell through the wholesale channel, how much of this growth is coming from a positive mix shift, in terms of your ability to deliver higher price point products with in the mix versus just unit velocity? And then, I was also curious, just how much of the UGG growth, the men's product did consider given that it is coming off a small base? The one follow-up question for Tom, would be on the gross margin rate. You talked about some puts and takes to the margin this year and some cost -- incremental cost next year. How should we be thinking initial [Audio Gap] and all those things considered for next year? Are we looking at a down margin, just given that you've already benefited from the integration of the distributors this year?
Angel R. Martinez: Okay, let me take the first part, Jeff. Significant growth has come from the mix shift. We've had great success with the expansions of the brand beyond the classic category, which has been an important component of our strategy. Diversifying the product line. All you have to do is walk in the stores and see the kind of interest we have in non-classic product, that's actually quite extraordinary. Particularly, the cold-weather product, which has been very strong, and the sneakers have continued to perform well even through fall. So it has been, I think, more slanted towards that mix shift, that's where we're seeing a lot of growth. On men's side, we're very happy with the results of the men's initiative. We've had, I'd say, very solid low double-digit sales gains on the men's side, and momentum continues to build. I think we're just now seeing the weather begin to shift, and the season for boots and cold weather boots particularly, is starting to make itself known. So I feel that we're building some nice momentum on the men's side.
Thomas A. George: And Jeff, regarding the margins, one thing we do know is now, we know the increased raw material cost we expect to experience in 2012. And I think another thing we know right now is, which is 2012, which is different than 2011 as we don't -- we will not experience the same one-time lift we experienced in 2011, by going to these U.K. and Benelux markets direct in 2011. That benefit, for example, in the third quarter, was an approximately 5% benefit to the margin by going direct. So it's still early. Another thing is it's still early in our planning process to be able to come up with really, what the margins may be for 2011, because there are a lot of puts and takes. We're still finalizing our pricing. We're still finalizing for next year, what our mix of international versus domestic business will be. We're also evaluating and determining just what the number of retail stores which can help with the margin next year. So a little bit too early, like a sort of consistent with normal process in February, when we report our fourth quarter results, we'll be able to have a better view of margin guidance for next year.
Jeffrey P. Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies, Research Division: Okay. Well, what will your total cost of goods rate increase be this year, Tom?
Thomas A. George: That's a good question. It is real similar to what it was in 2011. In 2011, we hit about 10% with the total cost of goods increase. And for 2012, at this point in time, it looks like it'd be real similar.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mitch Kummetz, Robert Baird.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Let's see, I've got a few questions. I'll start on your Q4 guidance, I mean, obviously, a lot of moving parts of the business this year, especially with Europe but then also, Sanuk and new stores. Is there any way you can say what your organic growth rate assumption is in Q4, if you kind of strip out those incremental businesses?
Thomas A. George: I think you can get to that, Mitch. I mean, we talked about Sanuk being in the high 20s for the back half of the year in the first -- in the third quarter, Sanuk was a little bit over $15 million of sales. So if you strip that out of there from the growth rate that we're giving, then you can sort of back-end with an organic growth rate.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And Tom, on the last call, you talked about a $30 million shift coming out of Q3 to Q4, because of Europe. Is that still the case? And if it is, or even if it isn't, what does that turn into for Q4, based on the conversion from distributors to direct?
Thomas A. George: Yes, I think we -- again, in Europe, the fourth quarter business is very much dependent on reorders as opposed to being prebooked like the U.S. So, we're being cautious relative to our expectations in the fourth quarter in Europe and the U.K. until we get to our first full season and get a better understanding what kind of reorder rates there may be.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then just to follow-up on Jeff's question about gross margin. I mean, You guys are on pace on your international business, I mean, that could be, I don't know, maybe close to $400 million this year, maybe a little less than that. I know at one point you guys talked -- but prior to this conversion, you talked about, I think the U.K. was about 40% of sales, Benelux, 15%. And when it's all said and done today on international, what will those 2 markets represent as a percentage of your overall international sales, do you kind of have an idea of that at this point?
Thomas A. George: Let us get you that. I mean, let me...
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And while you're thinking about that, can you speak a little bit to the growth that you're seeing in Japan and China? And how much of that is contributing to the international? Or is it pretty much all coming out of U.K. and Benelux?
Thomas A. George: I'll give you -- the Japan market as well as the Chinese market are still relatively small. They're -- sort of an estimate for the total year, the Japanese market is about 2% to 3% of sales, while the Chinese market is 2% of sales for the total year.
Mitchel J. Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay. And then maybe lastly, while you're thinking, if you can get those numbers on U.K. and Benelux, that would be great. But let's go on how you refer to the spring prebook, is there any way you could quantify that? It sounds like the prebook is coming in very strong, but is there -- maybe a number you could tie to that or percentage increase?
Angel R. Martinez: No, I'm not ready to do that. At this point, it's been strong, consistent with what we've seen in years past, with more penetration and more stuff. We're going more real state than we've had in the past. So the mix is very good. We're very happy with the mix. But I don't want to disclose any specific numbers at this point.
Thomas A. George: And Mitch, on Europe, let me give you quick number available. It's not just those 2 markets we're direct, but we have a good business in Germany and some of the other countries. So total European region is roughly 20% of total sales.
Operator: And from Barclays Capital, we'll hear from Bob Drubl.
Jessica Schoen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: This is Jessica Schoen on for Bob. I have a question about the inventory, I know you gave a little bit of detail about which brands contributed to the increase, but I was wondering if you could talk about the magnitude of the different buckets as far as, whether it's coming from the Sanuk brand or the increase in demand for UGG, how those contributed to the overall increase.
Thomas A. George: Yes. I can do that. Sanuk we'd put that out -- that's about $9 million. So a year ago, we didn't have that in our numbers. One of the big growth areas is internationally, now that we're direct, and that was about $60 million of the increase. And then another increase is we have more stores, that's $12 million the $15 million. And the balance would be domestic, and then something that really cuts across all that is, there's about a -- for the most part, a 10% increase in sort of the cost of inventory levels relative to a year ago -- cost increases we experienced.
Jessica Schoen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then, as far as comps by region, I know you said that the U.K., which had been trailing the U.S. has improved. Is there any more color you can give us on what comprised the 15.4% comp increase?
Thomas A. George: Generally speaking, the U.S. was stronger than the international markets. And that's probably the level of visibility we want to get right now, give right now. We have some improvement in the U.K. relative to what we saw earlier in the year. But we are seeing in Japan, and even to a certain extent, or lesser extent, China, we've got some impact there, but we still have a good outlook relative to Japan and China, relative to the retail opportunity there.
Jessica Schoen - Barclays Capital, Research Division: Okay. And then just finally on the outerwear and handbag business, if there's any comments you can make on that?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. We really like the direction that we've with both of those businesses, as you may know, we've been incubating both of these, moving away from the original license relationship that we had in both businesses, to managing it and developing it on our own. I think this year, as you may have seen from the initial shipment of the handbags, we've made a dramatic improvement in the handbags. The apparel line, is a lot more focused with I think products that are priced right and make statements about the UGG brand. Clearly, one of the advantages of having these retail stores is that we have a fantastic laboratory for experimentation and development of both the apparel and the accessories line. And our team has been very good about identifying opportunities, putting them in the doors and seeing how they perform and then accelerating the development from there. So, I would say, we're probably still in that sort of early stage development of our apparel and accessories strategy, and you'll see more of that, and more acceleration in that over the next couple of years.
Operator: We'll now go to the Jim Duffy, Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Question, Tom, on the fourth quarter guide. Revenue going from 22% to 29% growth, but EPS growth guidance going the opposite direction from $0.36 to $0.33. Help me understand the disconnect there?
Thomas A. George: Jim, with that -- some of that is, there are some expenses in the third quarter that shifted to the fourth quarter. But most of the change in the earnings guidance is related to that. And there's also, what we're seeing now for the fourth quarter is a little bit of a shift in mix, a little bit more of a movement towards the domestic versus -- business versus the international business. And that has some negative impact on the margin. But net-net, it's mostly due to a shift of expenses.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, Angel, you've -- broaden the offering of UGG in the U.K. and Benelux. Can you comment on the sell through rates that you're seeing for the broadened UGG offering and U.K. and Benelux, and I guess for that matter other international markets?
Angel R. Martinez: Well, we -- and I can comment on sell through rates for spring, I think a little early at the moment to comment on the fall since the weather has been quite warm in the U.K. especially all through Europe. We really haven't seen -- real fall-like weather consistently. We have a ways to go with our spring product in Europe. The brand was known as primarily a classic brand, the UGG classic -- synonymous with winter, and we have some work to do there. I think sellthroughs were good, but they could be better with a little more insight about the product and the assortment, and the flow rate of those products and assortments, and we learned. This is only the first fall season that we've been selling product directly, and that we've gone to school on last spring's product, which we did not sell in. That was sold in by our distributor. So I think you'll see improvement across that front next year. So, we'll it's a little early to comment on the fall. We're getting good signals so far, with response to the initial shipments and -- of product, but it's still too early.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's helpful. And then recognizing that your thoughts on '12 are preliminary, if you were to exercise price increases, what would the timing of those be? Would that be for the second half of the year? Is it too late at this juncture to implement those for the first half?
Angel R. Martinez: It'd be mostly second half of the year. It'd be related to our fall business, which obviously -- it's the lion share of the business.
Operator: Next up is Jefferies' Taposh Bari.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I just wanted to follow-up with you, Tom, on that fourth quarter guidance question. So, I'm still a little, I guess kind of confused about the outset there. So about a $25 million increase in your -- or $20 million increase in your revenue guidance, I get around $0.15 of better EPS, and the expense shift I think is around $0.02. I'm still trying to understand how you guys are guiding fourth quarter down versus your prior guide, if you can kind of help bridge the gap a little better.
Thomas A. George: May have been, in terms of your model and some of your expectations, but our prior guidance was more like a $3.09 kind of guidance, and we're coming in now, of course if you apply the percentages at roughly $3.02, and then $0.04 of that is relative to the expense shifts. So it's primarily due to the expense shift. And then, the other thing is when you have a change in mix, relative to what's international versus domestic, then you also get somewhat -- you get some pressures on the margin relative to the prior guidance, so...
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Got you. Sorry, so I guess the composition of those $555 million changes pretty meaningfully then?
Thomas A. George: You may be looking...
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Sorry.
Thomas A. George: Go ahead.
Angel R. Martinez: It's all right.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to ask also about the Sanuk charges. So it sounds like last quarter, you outlined about $4.9 million of transaction costs, which I believe were primarily in the third and second quarters. And now, it sounds like there are an additional $10.5 million worth of various charges. So were those originally in your third and fourth quarter guidance or are those new? Can you, I guess answer that first?
Angel R. Martinez: Those were originally in the third and fourth quarter guidance, and at about those full amounts, just a little bit lower than in original guidance than what we estimate those to be right now, and those are still being evaluated at this point in time as well. But that's sort of where we're at now, and what I talked about for 2012, or the approximate numbers we expect at this point in time.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And just final question that I had was just the cadence of your store openings this year. I believe last quarter, you said 12 in the third quarter and then -- I'm sorry, 2 in the third quarter, 12 in the fourth. It sounds like that's become more balanced. Is that accurate observation?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. In terms of the fourth quarter of this year, we expect about 7 of the 17 for the total year. So we have balanced it out somewhere. But more of the store openings are coming sooner, so we can capitalize more on the full fall season as opposed to just the fourth quarter.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just a final point on the -- on these new international stores that you're opening, are they all -- are the majority of them going to be these boutique kind of smaller square foot footprints types? Or are they going to kind of vary? I believe your U.S. stores are closer to that 3,000, 4,000 square foot prototype.
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. The boutique is more of an international concept, more of an Asian concept, but it won't be the majority.
Operator: And our next question will come from Chris Svezia, Susquehanna Financial Group.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: I have a question, just, Tom for you. In terms of -- I'll take a stab at all of the assumptions you're making for fourth quarter comp, by any chance, you're assuming it slows in your guidance for the fourth quarter, just given the comparison and given your typical conservative stance?
Thomas A. George: Well, yes. In the fourth quarter, and especially -- not only do we have new stores, but our stores -- the comp base is still relatively small when you compare it to another larger retailer. So we -- and the macro backdrop we see around the world, we still try to be cautious from that point of view on what kind of assumptions we put in for comps.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. So, kind of the low to mid single-digit assumption, is that fair, for the fourth quarter?
Thomas A. George: You go ahead -- whatever assumption you want in there. But -- another thing to keep in mind is now we have, for instance in New York, we have 3 stores there now, relative to earlier years. So you need to -- like especially with the macro backdrop, you need to be cautious where you take the comps.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay, fair enough. I think on -- you mentioned $250 million in cash at year end. Did I catch that correctly?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes.
Thomas A. George: Yes.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. All right. And then, I'm curious just, Angel -- if you can just maybe elaborate a little bit. In the U.K., when you talk about, kind of looking at your existing door count, where you are, consolidating that door count, I guess how do we think about growth, I guess more importantly as you go into spring, because I guess most of it is -- is kind of in the bag at this point for the fall. But how do we think about that? Is it mostly coming from units? Is it coming from expanding the breadth of products, improved productivity of existing doors? I mean, do you actually expect to increase door count at all going to the first half of next year in the U.K.?
Angel R. Martinez: No, actually, we do not expect to increase door count. We think growth will come from all of the above. It just depends on the channel. There are some doors that are very heavily, strictly classic and very limited beyond that, which is not appropriate representation of the UGG brand. So it's kind of a one-dimensional view of the UGG brand. So therefore clearly, we want to expand beyond classic, we want to expand into the spring, we want to expand into men's and kids. So that's -- those are some doors. Some other doors, there's a relatively decent assortment, but there's been, inconsistency in continuing to evolve the categories of the products. So there's only a spot representation of the classification of the product versus other areas. So to give you an example, slippers. Slippers is a big growth opportunity in the U.K. starting to catch on. But we have not enough penetration of doors in the slipper business, and that's coming -- you'll see more of that. Men's is another area, where we're just starting to see some acceptance and development of our men's casual and casual boots and cold-weather product in the northern parts of Europe. And there, we have a lot of room to grow. So I'd say, if nothing else, what we have in the U.K. is probably a few too many doors, frankly. And there might be more consolidation, and an underdevelopment of the assortments in those doors. And so our team over there has got their work cutout for them, and they will be driving those growth objectives in the next 12 months pretty aggressively.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: Okay. And then on Sanuk, I know in the last call, you talked about, it's a -- on an annualized basis 25% operating margin business. Any reason to think as you go into spring of next year, which I assume seasonally, it's strong operating margin in the annualized margin, that, that would change dramatically even if you make some investments in the business?
Thomas A. George: No, it shouldn't change dramatically even making investments in the business. And you're right, 1/2 of the year is going to have stronger operating margins than the back half for Sanuk.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP, Research Division: That's great to hear. And then the last thing I just have here is, when you talk about 2012, and you touched on some investments that you plan on making in, staffing and marketing, I guess all in -- everyone is looking at the level of expenses and sort of one-time breakout, legal, marketing et cetera. It's $0.56, is there any way to maybe think about it, that the expenses and the acceleration next year, is it going to be anything close to that magnitude as we go into next year? Or is things like expanding sales staff more normalized with the growth of the business?
Angel R. Martinez: I think, the best way to look at this point in time, it's still early in our planning process, as we evaluate the number of retail stores we'll open, we continue to evaluate what kind of personnel we need to be able scale the company internationally and both Europe and Asia. When we continue to our planning process and get a better idea of what the requirements are going to be, we'll be able to share that in February.
Operator: Our next is Christian Buss, Credit Suisse.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: I was wondering if you could provide some perspective on the newly opened retail doors, maybe you open their productivity right now, how are you feeling relative to the historical model?
Angel R. Martinez: Sure. We're very happy. I think the doors that we've opened recently in the U.S. particularly in Europe have been performing as to the plan. Obviously, in Japan, they had a meltdown, tsunami, and that has been problematic. Curiously, we're getting great performance from the outlet store we opened this. And it's -- and the original store we had, which is a little hole in the wall, has been performing exceptionally well. But tourism has been away down in the Ginza district, and curiously as well, tourism from China is just now starting to bounce back. The Chinese consumer in Japan is very powerful driver of shopping in those districts. So we expect to see some improvement in the fourth quarter. We're not immune to the macroeconomic situation across any part of the world. Wherever you see a slowdown in general retail -- the odds are we're going to experience some less than stellar performance. But having said that, I'm constantly amazed at how well our stores perform because of the loyalty we have from consumers who really love the brand. And so, we expect that to continue -- with innovative product and more aggressive marketing in those retail locations.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Could you also provide some perspective on your comfort with your inventory levels?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. We're really comfortable with our inventory levels. We had the complicated business, now we're direct internationally, and we feel really good with our inventory levels, and the level of reserves we've put relative to the inventories and our ability to manage it.
Operator: Our next question today comes from Howard Tubin, RBC.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Maybe just a follow up on inventory. Any sense of where you'll be at the end of the year in terms of percentage increase versus last year.
Angel R. Martinez: It will be, I think, if you look at it in terms of absolute numbers, I mean a year ago, our inventory was about $125 million all in. This year, we've got the cost increase in Sanuk. It's probably going to be about 60% increase year-over-year is sort of our expectation right now.
Christian Buss - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Got it. Okay. And then, sorry if I missed it, but did you say what the domestic UGG wholesale business in the third quarter was, how much that was up?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. In the third quarter, the domestic UGG wholesale business was up 17.5%.
Operator: Next up, we'll hear from Diana Katz, Lazard Capital Markets.
Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: I was wondering if you could talk a little bit about the UGG's kid product and any initial copyrights there? And then also if you could discuss Teva in the quarter and then what you're seeing in terms of spring bookings?
Angel R. Martinez: Spring bookings for Teva or...
Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: Yes, for the Teva.
Angel R. Martinez: Okay. Well, UGG Kids, I think if there's any breaks that are being put on adult kids are being put on by us, I mean, we could sell a lot kids product, a lot of more kids products than frankly we feel is healthy. So, we're keeping the kid assortment very fresh, very directed, very focused, and being careful about our distribution. As well, it's expensive product for kids, so we're conscious of that, and conscious that families are struggling, and we don't want to get ahead of ourselves in the kids businesses. Remember, it cost the same practically because the cost of sheepskin to produce a kid's boot as in adult boot. On the Teva business, we're very happy with the sell-through of the closed-toe product, and that has proven to be very important, very powerful driver for the brand. Once again, we're anticipating 20-plus-percent increases around Teva brand for this year. And we feel it's on a nice trajectory. Spring bookings, were just exceptional, very happy with that. We anticipate a lot of fresh new product, a lot more spread and assortment of Teva and a significant amount of closed-toe in the spring, which is for Teva, really a first. So, breaking new ground with Teva every single season.
Diana Katz - Lazard Capital Markets LLC, Research Division: That's great. And then just with UGGs, in terms of all these new categories you've branched out, and so you've mentioned strong sellthrough rates in sneakers and in cold-weather product, are any of the categories that you've run into not working or are you happy with all the categories right now?
Angel R. Martinez: We're pretty happy with all the categories. The way we operate, it's always -- there's always something exiting the line and something new replacing it. So, where we don't feel we get the successes, that product doesn't really progress very far. And we're also careful initially when we make a decision and put something in line. We do test it. We get a read before we go all in. We don't bank -- bet the farm on any particular new style. It's a very systematic approach. Our stores are very helpful in this respect, cause we're able to get a good read and get a read early. So it's -- I'd say right now, we're getting good sellthrough across the board. There's few items here and there, but they're not of any significant volume and inventory commitment. And there are items where we consciously know that because of the price point, that they're more less exclusive items. They're limited distribution, limited production and those items are actually selling quite well. And when we run out, we run out.
Operator: We have time for one more question today. It comes from Scott Krasik, BB&T Capital Markets.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Just a couple around cost and prices. So the 40% increase, Tom, is that locked in now for the full year all of your sheepskin needs for next year?
Thomas A. George: Yes, it is.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And then, just remind me, because I know you're at 10% cost of goods increases, overall, what was your total average price increase this year, and are you considering something similar for next year, greater or less?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes. I mean, we're still evaluating what pricing we're going to do for fall of '12. At this point in time, we are going to raise prices on selected styles, but we need to finalize that as part of our process here, as far as the planning process. This year, again, we raised it on selected styles, some of the newer products, we raised it, but for example, this year, with the 40% increase in sheepskin cost, that's going to be difficult from a pricing point of view. You really can't offset that kind of a cost increase.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Right. And I'm also concerned, I mean, you said that you got, was it 500 basis points from the subsidiary switch positive into the third quarter?
Angel R. Martinez: Yes, that's the benefit we had in the third quarter for that switch, which will not recur next year.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then, Angel, we had head from some domestic customers, both department stores and retailers, that they were taking shipments later, they are breaking up their shipments into the fourth quarter to space themselves out to keep the floor fresh, did that move the needle in terms of your business and is that in fact what you saw? .
Angel R. Martinez: No, not really. If anything, I think what's -- what people are reacting to as well as the weather. And so that's having an impact on when they might want to take deliveries. Some people want to shift their deliveries a little bit later because we really haven't had the cold weather. They don't want to sit on too much an inventory. It's just now -- it's now starting -- this happens every single year. Every year, we have a warm spell in October, and people somehow believe there's not going to be a winter. And then last coldest winter ever, and they were scrambling for product in November, December and January, so it's just impossible to predict, and we feel we have a pretty good flow chart for our customer's needs and demands on inventory and product, so and a good historical reference for all that. So it's just the normal part of running the business.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: Okay. And I guess, just last Tom. How much if any U.K. reorder business do you use to ship to the distributor is considered in the fourth quarter guidance now?
Angel R. Martinez: Just skip back to the concept, to the $30 million turns into $50 million kind of concept. And last year, in the third quarter, there was $30 million of distributor business, and that converts to about $50 million, that was in fact, that was a second -- the second moving into the third. We had $30 million of distributor business that was on a distributor base, that would $50 million, but with -- and with the change in model, it was $70 million. So that's in the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, we've got really -- again like I said were really a cautious estimate on what kind of reorder business we'll have in the fourth quarter in these 2 markets at this point in time. We want to get though our first winter season in these 2 markets on a direct basis, then we'll have some experience there.
Scott D. Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets, Research Division: So there is a chance that, that could come in that's not incorporated into the guidance?
Angel R. Martinez: Right. Thank you all very much. Really appreciate your attention and the questions. I'd like to also thank the team, the Deckers team worldwide, and we've, I think, demonstrated an ability to react to changing economic conditions and keep evolving these brands and anticipate some nice growth in 2012, and we'll see you in February.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's conference. Thank you all for your participation, and have a great day.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-07-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Angel Martinez - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Thomas George - Chief Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer Zohar Ziv - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc. Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc. Mitchel Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies Kelly Halsor - BB&T Capital Markets Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation Second Quarter Fiscal 2011 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor policy. Please note that certain statements made on this call regarding our expectations, beliefs and views about our future financial performance are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the Safe Harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements relate to the company's anticipated revenues, expenses, earnings, gross margin and capital expenditures and the outlook for the company's markets and the demand for its products.  The forward-looking statements made on this call regarding our future financial performance are based on currently available information. And because our business is subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond our control, actual operating results in the future may be -- may differ materially from the future financial performance expected at the current time. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the SEC.  Listeners are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. The company undertakes no obligation to publicly release or update the results of any revisions to forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn the conference over to the President, Chief Executive Officer and Chair of the Board of Directors, Angel Martinez. Please go ahead, sir.
Angel Martinez: Well, thank you, operator, and thank you, everyone, for joining us today. With me on the call are Chief Operating Officer, Zohar Ziv; and Chief Financial Officer, Tom George.  We're pleased with our overall results for the second quarter, particularly given the recent changes to our business model overseas. As a reminder, Q2 has historically been our lowest volume sales quarter. And this year, it was even more pronounced with our conversion to wholesale operations in our 2 largest international markets, the U.K. and Benelux.  We've also added 11 more company-owned stores during the past 12 months as we accelerate the expansion of our retail division. Therefore, as we carry -- as we are carrying a lot of inventory, a lot of additional subsidiary and store expenses this quarter without the full sales benefit, which should come during the back half of the year.  While Tom will review the financials in more detail, our second quarter sales growth of 12.5% reflect the impact from approximately $30 million in UGG brand sales to our U.K. and Benelux distributors last year that will ship out and be recognized as wholesale sales in the third quarter of this year.  Second quarter sales of $154 million were approximately $11 million above planned, which helped to offset some of the additional expenses and reported loss per share that was better than projected. We witnessed growth in our domestic and international wholesale and consumer-direct channels driven by demand for the UGG and Teva brands.  It's important to highlight that a good deal of the growth we experienced in the second quarter and year-to-date has come from new products introduced in 2011 or within the past few years.  For the Teva brand, growth included a much larger collection of closed-toe footwear. The expansion of closed-toe footwear has been a key initiative as we have worked to move the brand beyond its roots in sports sandals and capture a larger share of the much broader outdoor market.  Consumer adoption of our new styles continues to be very encouraging, underscoring our belief that the Teva brand has the strength and consumer loyalty to extend itself into other categories such as light hiking and multisport footwear.  The percentage of this year's -- of this spring's sales. Closed-toe footwear made up 12% versus just 6% for the same period in 2010. These results indicate that we have the product and position to successfully compete against some of the more established players in the space. In addition to creating new growth opportunities, the expansion of our closed-toe offering has further reduced the Teva brand's dependence on weather. Now that was certainly evident this year as wet and cold conditions across much of the U.S. during April and May delayed the start of sandals season and significantly impacted the level of reorders that we typically experience later in the quarter.  Despite this shortfall on our open-toe business, Teva sales still increased 29.1% in the second quarter compared to the same period last year, primarily due to an increase in the number of non-sandal pairs sold as well as an increase in the average wholesale price per pair.  Outside the U.S., the Teva brand is in the process of graduating from a traditional sandal brand to an open- and closed-toe action outdoor brand, with increased appeal to younger outdoor adrenaline sports enthusiasts. This spring, distributors purchased a greater percentage of new styles than a year ago. And retailers in the U.K., Benelux and France, to whom we now sell directly, are dedicating more shelf space to the brand.  So overall, we're very pleased with the Teva brand's first half performance. The business is now more balanced from a product standpoint, and we anticipate that the geographic mix will also become a more -- more balanced over the next few years as we further benefit from our new international wholesale operations, see growth through our current distributors and open new markets in Europe, Asia, South and Central America. The UGG brand's performance during the second quarter was driven by a 29.4% sales increase in our domestic wholesale business, increased shipments of fall product to our international distributors in regions where we continue with the distributor model and same-store sales increase of 23.6% from our retail division and the addition of 11 new stores since a year ago.  This was our sixth season selling a true spring line for the UGG brand. In a relatively short period of time, our team has introduced some very compelling footwear collections, which now -- which initially were complementary to our spring boot business, but they're now representing a meaningful portion of spring sales. These collections, which includes sandals, clogs and sneakers, helped push UGG brand second quarter sales above $100 million for the second consecutive year. This was particularly rewarding in light of the shift to our wholesale operations in Europe.  The past several months have been very productive periods. We've successfully executed our spring plan and have been busy preparing for the second half of the year, when we expect to generate more than 90% of our profits. Specifically, we completed a very solid fall pre-book process, shift initial fall orders to our international distributors and select domestic accounts, solidified our wholesale infrastructure in the U.K., Benelux and France, strengthened our international management team and prepared for our busiest store opening period ever.  We also added an exciting new growth vehicle with our acquisition of substantially all of the net assets of the Sanuk brand, which closed on July 1, and we'll discuss shortly.  For the second half of the year, we currently project sales to increase 28% and diluted earnings per share to be up 32%. While a portion of this growth is aided by our transition to wholesale operations in the U.K., Benelux and France plus the addition of the Sanuk brand, the majority is organic growth that is being fueled by the selling, marketing and product strategies that we put in place to support our brands.  The UGG brand is poised for an exceptionally strong second half. Our broadest product assortment ever pre-booked very well, led by several non-traditional collections, including equestrian, wood bottom, cold-weather and sneakers. We also received a positive response to the UGG collection, our first solo step into the world of high fashion. Handcrafted in Italy, the UGG collection embodies the essence of rugged luxury and offers existing customers the ability to go deeper into the product while giving prospects an entirely new pathway into the brand.  At the same time, we've brought depth to the men's line, providing male consumers more options than ever before. In support of our new sneakers, rugged and cold-weather boots and slippers, we've developed a strategic men's-only marketing campaign headlined by Tom Brady. This multifaceted campaign, which kicks off September 1, includes digital video, digital display, print, television, billboards, social media marketing and dedicated PR.  The next few months will be an exciting period in the U.K. and Europe. Beyond the immediate financial benefit from transitioning to a wholesale business, it is also a big opportunity to grow the business by moving the UGG brand beyond its position as primarily a boot brand and establishing it as a year-round luxury comfort brand. Our strategy will mirror what we've done in the U.S. We'll work closely with key wholesale partners to carry and merchandise a much broader product assortment and utilize compelling imagery in our marketing campaigns, in our stores and on our websites to highlight the lifestyle nature of the brand.  The initial results have been encouraging, with retailers taking a more diverse offering for fall 2011, focusing more on fashion, including our wood bottom collection, equestrian, metropolitan, knit and cold-weather as well as classics and slippers.  And as we previously announced, Steve Murray came on board June 1 as President of Europe, Middle East and Africa. Steve brings invaluable experience and critical leadership to our international operations, and I'm very confident that he and his team are well prepared to successfully execute our plans in those regions.  Another integral component of our current growth strategy is retail expansion. We ended 2010 with 27 company-owned stores and opened an additional 3 stores earlier this year. In the second half of this year, we plan to add 14 more locations, including 4 in China, 5 in Japan, 1 in the U.K. and the remaining 4 in North America, specifically Vancouver, Toronto, Boston and Santa Monica. The final piece I'll touch on, and this is more related to 2012 and beyond, is our acquisition of the Sanuk brand. The Sanuk brand has tremendous potential, and it's a great fit with our organization from a strategic, financial, cultural and operational point of view.  First, excluding deal fees, the acquisition is slightly accretive in year one even with the seasonality of the brand's business. The following figures related to the Sanuk brand are unaudited.  In 2010, the Sanuk brand reported sales of approximately $48 million, gross margins of approximately 54% and operating margins of approximately 25%. The Sanuk brand generated about 56% of its sales in the first half of the year. For 2011, Sanuk brand sales for the first half were approximately $43 million, a 57% increase over 2010.  Tom will discuss the financial impact on the back half of the year, but this gives you a sense of the contribution the Sanuk brand will provide in the future and why we're so excited to own this business.  Secondly, the Sanuk brand is complementary with our current portfolio. While there was some overlap with the Simple brand, and this played a small part in our decision to shut down that brand, it does not compete directly with any of our other brands. It has established a unique market position through the combination of original and innovative product designs and authentic and irreverent marketing campaigns. Most importantly, we think the Sanuk brand has the potential to develop into a true lifestyle brand.  Next, the Sanuk brand brings with it a management team that shares our philosophy, our vision, our approach and discipline. We look forward to working together and with our new team to build on the momentum they have created.  This deal is also about diversification: diversification in terms of distribution, seasonality and consumers. With this acquisition, we gain entry into the action sport channel in a meaningful way as the Sanuk brand enjoys significant market share among and loyalty from hundreds of independent specialty surf and skate shops across the U.S. We'll look to leverage these retail relationships in order to create new opportunities for some of our current brands while taking advantage of our size and resources to selectively penetrate our diverse account base of department stores, outdoor retailers, specialty stores and independent shops.  With the product offering that is primarily lightweight casual footwear and sandals, the majority of Sanuk's brand sales and earnings are generated in the first half of the year. So this acquisition, along with the resurgence of our Teva brand and the evolution of the UGG brand spring line will help to further reduce the seasonality of our business. And in terms of consumers, the Sanuk brand has a loyal following of young action sports enthusiasts, and that's a market that we haven't really been able to go after until now.  And lastly, this acquisition is about creating long-term growth. We believe the potential exists to expand the Sanuk brand's business by first, leveraging key wholesale relationships to expand shelf space; extending product lines and introducing additional categories to attract new consumers; developing existing and opening new international markets; developing retail stores; and increasing marketing and advertising to build awareness and generate demand.  Regarding input cost, we continue to work closely with our manufacturers and suppliers to address the continued rise in commodity cost, which for Deckers is primarily sheepskin. At the same time, we're focused on additional cost savings in our supply chain as well as continuing our product diversification efforts.  I'll now turn over the call to Tom George, our CFO.
Thomas George: Thanks, Angel. In the second quarter of 2011, net sales increased 12.5% to $154.2 million from $137.1 million in the second quarter of last year. Net sales of UGG brand products increased 8% to $108.3 million from $100.2 million in the second quarter last year. As a reminder, approximately $30 million of UGG distributor sales to the U.K. and Benelux from the second quarter of 2010 will shift out and be recognized as wholesale sales in the third quarter this year.  Net sales of Teva brand products increased 29.1% to $40.3 million in the second quarter from $31.2 million in the same period of 2010. Combined net sales of the company's other brands were $5.7 million in the second quarter of 2011 compared to $5.6 million a year ago. Included in these brands, sales numbers were global retail store sales of $20.1 million, up 102.2% from $10 million in the second quarter of 2010. This was driven by 11 new stores and a same-store sales increase of 23.6% with those stores that we're opened for the full 3-month period ending June 30, 2010 and 2011. Sales for our global eCommerce business, which are included in the brand sales numbers as well, increased 10.3% to $5.7 million in the second quarter, up $5.2 million in the prior year. Also, included in the brand's sales numbers, domestic sales for all brands increased 26.9% to $82.8 million from $65.2 million in the second quarter of last year. And international sales were $71.5 million, flat with a year ago in spite of the aforementioned shift in UGG revenues, underscoring the growth we experienced in our other European countries.  Gross margin for the second quarter of 2011 was 42.7% compared to 44.3% in the year ago period. The decline was attributable to large duty refunds in the second quarter of 2010 as well as the approximate 10% increase in product cost as a result of higher production and commodity prices for all brands that we outlined at the start of the year and increased closeouts and inventory provisions for the Simple brand in the current year. This was partially offset by increased margins associated with a higher mix of retail sales in the second quarter of this year.  Regarding SG&A. SG&A expense for the quarter was $76.7 million or 49.7% of net sales compared to $47.5 million or 34.7% of net sales a year ago. SG&A increased primarily due to the initial transition costs and ongoing operating expenses related to our conversion to a wholesale business model in the U.K. and Benelux of $3.7 million, the additional market investments we outlined on our year end call of $3.4 million and legal investments of $1.3 million. There were also the 11 new retail stores that were not opened during the second quarter last year and additional increases in variable expenses for the increased sales. In addition, we incurred approximately $600,000 and approximately $800,000 of transaction cost for the Sanuk transaction in Q1 and Q2, respectively.  Our operating loss for the quarter was $10.8 million, $3 million less than our prior expected loss compared to operating income of $13.2 million last year. Due to the loss, we recognized an income tax benefit of $3.2 million compared to income tax expense of $4.8 million in the second quarter of 2010. Net loss for the second quarter 2011 was $7.3 million compared to net income of $8.9 million in the second quarter of 2010. And diluted loss per share was $0.19 versus diluted earnings per share of $0.23 on the second quarter of last year. Turning to the balance sheet. Inventories at June 30, 2011, were $210 million compared to $120.5 million at June 30, 2010. By segment, UGG increased $74.9 million to $178.7 million. Teva inventory increased $11 million to $22.3 million, and our other brand inventory increased $3.6 million to $9 million at June 30, 2011.  The increase in inventory at June 30, 2011, was primarily attributable to the growth in the fall orders for the UGG brand, the warehousing of fall 2011 inventory supporting the new wholesale European business that was previously fulfilled by international distributors and the increase in retail stores compared to a year ago.  The increases in inventory support our forecasted increase in sales. For example, global sales in the back half of 2011 are expected to increase over $160 million or approximately 24% over 2010. Regarding Teva and other brands inventory, factory capacity constraints requires stores to key styles early which carryover to future seasons.  As of June 30, 2011, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $325.2 million compared to $333.7 million at June 30, 2010. Our cash position at the end of the year's second quarter does not reflect cash payments of $126.6 million associated with the acquisition of substantially all assets related to the Sanuk brand that closed on July 1, 2011. This slight decrease in cash and cash equivalents versus a year ago was primarily attributable to the increased inventories and receivables associated with the transition to wholesale operations in Europe.  Accounts receivable at June 30, 2011 were $107 million compared to $81.6 million at June 30, 2010. The increase was attributable to increased sales, lower reserves for bad debts, lower reserves for discounts and the conversions from distributor models to wholesale business models in certain European markets.  During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 245,000 shares Deckers' common stock for approximately $20 million under our share repurchase program which completes this program.  Now moving on to our outlook. Based on better than expected second quarter results and an improved outlook, we are raising our fiscal 2011 guidance. And please note that this guidance takes into account our acquisition of the Sanuk brand that closed on July 1, 2011.  We now expect 2011 revenues to increase approximately 26% over 2010 levels, up from our previous guidance of approximately 21% growth. For the full year, we now expect UGG brand sales to increase by approximately 25%, up from our previous expectation of 21%. We still expect Teva sales to increase in the low 20% range and sales of our other brands to be flat to 2010. And for the Sanuk brand, we expect sales for the second half of the year to be in the low $20 million range.  We currently expect fiscal 2011 diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 17% over 2010 levels, up from our previous guidance of approximately 13% growth. Our forecast is based on a full year gross profit margin between 50% and 51% compared to our prior guidance of approximately 51%. We are taking a slightly more cautious approach to full year gross margins due to the Q2 margin results and the new variables that are associated with our international wholesale operations. Our forecast is also based on SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 29% compared to 2010. Our effective tax rate is expected to decline to approximately 31% in 2011 driven by the increased mix of international profits. Our capital expenditures in 2011 are still expected to be approximately $55 million to $60 million.  As a reminder, SG&A projection includes certain initial charges related to our transition to a wholesale business model in Europe as well as additional investments in several key areas of the business that we feel are important to the long-term development and growth of the company. These include approximately $9 million of initial costs related to our transition to a wholesale business model in the U.K., Benelux and France. Most of these costs were expensed during the first and second quarters and are now behind us.  Approximately $11 million of additional marketing and advertising spend to support the UGG brand's men's and women's prospect initiatives. About $3.5 million of this was spent in the first half of the year, and the remaining $7.5 million will be split between Q3 and Q4.  A $10 million increase on our legal expenses to further fund the protection of our intellectual property, including our trademarks. Approximately $2.4 million of these costs were incurred in the first half of the year, and approximately $7.6 million are expected for the second half of the year.  And in addition, we now have approximately $4.5 million in due diligence audit and transaction fees associated with our acquisition of the Sanuk brand. The aforementioned investments, due diligence cost and deal fees total approximately $0.60 or $0.28 for the first half and $0.32 for the second half of the year per diluted share.  For the third quarter of 2011, we currently expect revenues to increase approximately 38% and diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 22% compared to the third quarter of last year.  To reiterate, we expect that approximately $30 million of UGG brand sales to distributors in the U.K. and Benelux in the second quarter of last year will ship out and be recognized as wholesale sales in the third quarter this year.  Wholesale sales in the U.K., Benelux and France in the third quarter are projected to be approximately $70 million to $75 million, which is equivalent of approximately $50 million on a distributive basis. It's also important to note that approximately $30 million of UGG brand sales to distributors in the third quarter last year will ship out this year and be recognized as wholesale sales in the fourth quarter.  Third quarter diluted earnings per share guidance includes approximately $10 million or $0.18 per share of incremental investments associated with additional marketing and advertising spend, the increase in our legal expenses as well as due diligence, audit and transaction fees for the Sanuk transaction.  For the fourth quarter 2011, we currently expect revenues to increase approximately 22% and diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 36% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. The guidance includes approximately $8 million or $0.14 per diluted share of incremental investments associated with the additional marketing and advertising spend and increase in our legal expenses.  All right. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from Bob Drbul with Barclays Capital.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: The -- I guess the first question I have is on the gross margin guidance, can you elaborate a little bit more in terms of the more conservative posture on the -- especially on the direct side? Just trying to understand where the increased risk stems from at this point.
Thomas George: Bob, that -- what we're considering there is it's new markets, new direct markets, large amount of revenue growth we expect in the back half of the year, and you have to address new customer relationships. You have to address currencies. You're throwing estimates relative to discounts, return rates, reorder rates and all that. And we think at this point in time, it'd be appropriate to just be a little bit more cautious there relative to where we were. I mean, we were really -- the approximate 51%, we were within the bounds of reason, really, at the 51% anyway, and it really boils down to really just basis points difference there. And in the second quarter, that albeit a small quarter, not a significant quarter, it does impact the total year. And when -- we can get into some more detail on that, but one of the things that brought down the second quarter gross margin was the Simple brand, where we did some write-downs in some inventories and prepared that, and that's probably one other thing. I can get to more detail in the second quarter. I don't know if you want me to get into that right now, Bob.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: I mean, it'd be -- I mean, yes. I'll definitely be interested in that.
Thomas George: In the second quarter, there were a lot of puts and takes as well. But one of the other things that -- and to remind everybody, we did have cost increases this year that we outlined at the start of the year. So, that put some pressure not only in the total year guidance but also the -- which we knew at the start of the year. But relative to 2010, the cost increase pressure is like 130 basis points relative to 2010 in the second quarter. On the other side, we've got a big lift relative to more retail sales. That's about 140 basis points. The Simple -- preparing Simple that was about 60 basis points and then remember, we had a real tough comparison to the second quarter last year, where we had about 230 basis points of lift relative to duties. And then one more thing to consider for all the puts and takes is now that we're direct internationally, we do have a lift in the U.K. and the Benelux. It was about 120 basis points. So if you track all those through, that explains the pressure in the second quarter of about 160 basis points.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: Got it. Okay. And just a couple more questions. On the comps this quarter, can you give us the U.K. comp and sort of where the delta was? When you look at the nice acceleration on the comps from Q1 to Q2, any call outs that you would highlight?
Thomas George: Yes, I think we did see some significant improvement in the U.K. comps, and we saw a really strong improvement, really, in the U.S. comps as well. And so that's pretty much what drove that. Obviously, very, very pleased when we ended up at 23.6% comps for the quarter, up from just about 3% in the first quarter. So we're really pleased to what turnaround we're seeing there, especially on the U.K. side.
Robert Drbul - Barclays Capital: Right. And then just one last question that I have, Tom, is on the UGG business for the fall, in terms of the order book, how did you guys end up with the outerwear and accessories category for the UGG business?
Thomas George: I'll turn that one over to Angel.
Angel Martinez: Yes. One thing to understand about our outerwear and accessories business, first of all, our accessories business, the hats and gloves and the licensed business, and they've had some nice gains. We've been performing very well, but it's a licensee, you can see from the distribution we have penetrating more top-end retailers and a great assortment of product. On the outerwear, that's been product that is primarily driven to balance out the mix in our stores, and we're really focusing on that entire concept at the moment to make sure we understand what a consumer wants from UGG in terms of apparel, including outerwear. The best place to discover that is in our stores. We have some limited wholesale distribution of that product, which is performing quite well, but I don't feel it's a complete line yet. I don't feel that we have learned everything we need to learn about the appropriate seasonality and the weights of the sheepskin for outerwear, et cetera. So that's a work in progress. You'll see more of that as our stores evolve, and more of the mix in the store is apparel.
Operator: And we'll go next to Jeff Klinefelter with Piper Jaffray.
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies: Yes. Just a few questions for you. First of all, Tom maybe we just clarify this shift math for the UGG business. You think about $30 million of distributor shipments come out of Q2 and into Q3 and then you talk about that being approximately $50 million truing up to $70 million or $75 million in traditional wholesale shipments. Are we suggesting that on a year-over-year basis, you're seeing -- you're seeing growth off of what would have been $30 million, and it's an equivalent of $50 million today?
Thomas George: Yes, Jim. That's right. That $30 million has moved to $50 million with some organic growth there and then that converts on a -- at a wholesale basis to $70 million to $75 million. So yes, we are. We're really pleased so far where we're at there.
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay. So that -- and that's very meaningful year-over-year growth for that market. Is that coming from an expansion of some doors? Is that an expansion of floor space? Can you just give a little bit more color on that?
Angel Martinez: Yes. Jeff, it's Angel. I think what you'll see as time goes on is the same type of improved spread and assortment of styles that we had here in the U.S. A few years ago, as you may remember, we were primarily -- we were classics and slipper driven for the bulk of our business. As we took over the U.K. business, it appears that the focus was a little too dominant on classic in that market as well. So the team has done a great job in balancing the spread and assortment of stores. We're starting to see a much better representation of the brand across the multiple styles that we have, and I think that that's certainly leading to an improved sell in and a more interested and enthusiastic consumer.
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay, that's great.
Angel Martinez: So we expect UGG to be improved by that too.
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies: That's great. Just a couple of quick things. Sanuk, up 57% year-over-year in the first half, anything you could add to that? What's driving that again? Is it distribution? Is it expanded assortment? I mean, that's a pretty impressive growth year-over-year.
Angel Martinez: Well, now you know why we wanted to buy the brand.
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies: I'm not sure why you wanted to sell it.
Angel Martinez: No. You know what? It’s a brand that's really on the launching pad. Growth for them is just enthusiasm, excitement over the product line. They've expanded into some nice categories. The balance is 50-50, men's to women's. There is really a great momentum and an energy around that brand in the action sports and surf markets. So we anticipate that with we bring to the party, we should be able to help them achieve up to a 40 year -- a 40% full year growth, which is, yes, it's a nice round number. And that's a good indicator of the kind of momentum that they have.
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay. So that -- just to clarify, that's not necessarily pure organic growth in the same doors. There has been some expansion of assortment to get to that kind of a growth rate.
Angel Martinez: Oh, yes. They have been doing that. They're getting demand in independent specialty. They're getting demand from department stores. The dealers are doing a great job with them. And so yes, they've already begun the process, but obviously, we're going to add some gasoline to the fire, so to speak.
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay. Just one last thing quickly. On Teva, I know you mentioned closed-toe, I think you said for this last period was 12% versus 6% the prior year of the sales, so essentially doubling the penetration of closed-toe. What's your objective there? Where do you see that going on a seasonal basis and an annual basis?
Angel Martinez: I don't really see any reason why closed-toe can't represent 50% of our seasonal -- our spring business and it really, over time, should be at least 40% of our total annual business. Now if you throw in the mix of products from Europe, you're going to see, in Europe, probably a bigger mix of closed-toe to sandalized product in a typical year only because of the seasonal needs for waterproofing and weather product in Northern Europe. And we are addressing that with insulated product and waterproofed product and that kind of thing, and obviously, that product is at a higher price point. So what we're seeing is the evolution of Teva exactly in the right direction as a lifestyle brand, and I expect this type of shift to continue.
Jeffrey Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Companies: Okay. Do you have a general characteristic of the price difference percentage-wise closed-toe versus the non-?
Angel Martinez: Well, I mean, I'd say on average, you're looking at probably a $20 at retail, more expensive products than sandalized products, performance sandalized products. So you take a good-performance sandal at 75, you're going to see it closed to a product at about 95. It's about the norm.
Operator: From Sterne Agee, we'll go next to Sam Poser.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: With the Sanuk acquisition, Tom, you mentioned that the -- there's the charge in the third quarter. How much was that that you said it was going to be in Q3 for the Sanuk number?
Angel Martinez: Sam, that's about $3 million, $3.5 million is in the third quarter.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: And there was how much of that? And it was $4.5 million so it's $1 million.
Angel Martinez: We're in -- within the first half of the year.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: And you had -- okay, that makes sense. And then -- so that's really the only -- that's a true -- those 2 were true onetime charges. Correct?
Angel Martinez: Right. The ones we outlined, the first 2 quarters and the third quarter, yes. Those are true onetime charges associated with the doing to deal.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. And then could you break out what the Sanuk sales were by quarter in Q1 and 2?
Angel Martinez: No, we're not doing that. Again, they're unaudited numbers at this point in time. We gave you the frame of reference of the growth for the full 6 months. But I think giving you the -- it's still at this point in time primarily the spring business. You really want to look at the spring season, the first 2 quarters added together and compare that to the prior number, and...
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: I mean, is it pretty even between quarters? Or is it more weighted to the second quarter just given the like -- given the kind of product it is?
Angel Martinez: There's -- it's fairly, fairly even. Fairly even a little -- it depends -- again, it depends on the reorder rate, right? But it's a fairly even mix, a little bit skewed to the second quarter.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: Okay. And then lastly, when you're looking at the overall business right now and the retail specifically, you added 2 more stores to your mix. So you're opening 17 this year instead of the prior plan of 15 that I understand. What -- are you thinking of a -- I mean, what -- are you thinking that you can sort of sustain that kind of 20% growth? And could you also talk about the timing of the other store openings for the balance of '14 that are going to still open?
Angel Martinez: Yes. The balance of '14 will be in the fourth quarter, mostly the fourth pretty much.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: So like 2 in Q3 and the balance in Q4 kind of thing?
Angel Martinez: Yes, yes. In terms of sustaining that kind of growth, it's really determined by locations where we -- which particular locations are available in the context of other appropriate brands for the UGG brand. As I've always said, we are not in the business of replacing our wholesale business with retail stores. These stores are an enhancement in environments where we feel the brand has enough momentum and energy and that a store would create some buzz around the new products, and that's exactly what happened. People see our new products and the spread and assortment in our retail stores, and it creates a real demand for that product at wholesale. So we're being very selective. I think we could -- really, if we wanted to, we could accelerate the store rate, the store growth rate more, but we're being pretty methodical about that. I'm going to continue on that path. You also have to appreciate that operating stores is difficult, and we are improving and perfecting our operating model. It's gotten so much better than it was, and I'm glad we didn't put pressure on ourselves by overly exhilarating the store opening. And then you take a look at the same idea and spread it out over the whole world, you really need to have people capable in each region to operate the stores at the right level. We're being...
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: All right. One last -- oh, I'm sorry.
Angel Martinez: As I said, we're just being methodical and probably a little bit cautious, but I think that's okay.
Sam Poser - Sterne Agee & Leach Inc.: And store openings over the next like 5 years, how do you look at that? I mean, are you talking about having 150 stores globally, you think?
Angel Martinez: Yes. Well, we're thinking about 25 per year. That's about the right number once we hit our stride.
Operator: We'll go next to Taposh Bari with Jefferies & Company.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: I was hoping, Angel, you can talk about the backlog and how that looks particularly for your classics business as you enter the second half.
Angel Martinez: Okay. Well, I mean generally, and you may know this, the last few years, we really have been holding classics growth flat as a percentage of the total. And we've done that because that's really been the way in which we've been able to innovate around classics and create more spread and assortment of not only core classics styles and colorways but products that we don't classify as classics but appeal to the same consumer and allow us to broaden the appeal even to younger customers as well. So classics will continue with that same strategy. For example, you don't see us marketing classics, actually, which is a very interesting thing that we do. We market the new stuff, and it creates demand for classic. And so classic is our core assortment. It's the initial reason that retailers got excited about the UGG brand. But what keeps them excited and what keeps consumers motivated about all of our new stuff is the styling, the innovation and the function of the new product. And that's -- we'll keep doing that.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. That's helpful. And then I just -- I also wanted to ask if you can kind of give us some more color. I appreciate the kind of U.S. wholesale business data point earlier in the call. So it sounds like your U.S. wholesale business has been up about 20% so far for the first half. Can you give us a sense of how you're kind of -- or planning that business for the second half?
Thomas George: Yes. I mean, we have some big comparisons in the second half for the year. We have a lot of new initiatives and good marketing programs in place. But we're -- again, it's a big -- a lot bigger numbers to compare against in the second half of the year. So that obviously -- and not the same order of magnitude of growth that occurs in the first half and then other things going on in the second half. We've got a big international business as well as a lot more retail stores. So that's sort of some color on the second half of the year.
Angel Martinez: And also, we have put the marketing initiatives we talked about, particularly in the men's side. We expect to see a nice blip in men's sell-through this -- in the fourth quarter, especially with Tom Brady and the marketing kicking off September 1, as I said. New colorways, new styles, a whole new product that's really going to -- well, it's kind of hitting retail now and will over the next month represent, in some cases, quite an expansion of the assortment. So we've had expectations for sell-through on those new products and new customers coming into the fold.
Taposh Bari - Jefferies & Company, Inc.: Okay. And just a final question that I'd add was, Tom, I was hoping you can give us some more color around kind of the gross margin and SG&A seasonality between the third quarter and the fourth quarter. Because it looks like there's some pretty meaningful margin headwinds in the third order and then some kind of the relief into the fourth. I was hoping you could just give us some more additional color on that.
Thomas George: Gross margin for the third and the fourth quarter, we're really, at this point in time, looking at gross margin similar to the prior year. Granted this year relative to the prior year, we've got the cost headwinds. At the same time, we've got the direct model in Europe as well as some more retail stores. So net-net, it should be similar to the third quarter and the fourth quarter of last year. And in terms of G&A growth, a lot more growth in the third quarter as we get prepared those. Albeit most of the stores open in the fourth quarter, there is the startup cost, so to speak, of preparing stores for the fourth quarter as well as the cost in the third quarter. There's also the Sanuk cost that are included in the third quarter we talked about earlier in the call. And so in terms of growth, year-over-year, the just G&A is going to grow a lot higher percentage wise in the third quarter than it will in the fourth quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes up from Mitch Kummetz with Robert Baird.
Mitchel Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Tom, just to follow up on that last question. I want to be clear. So on the gross margin side, Q3 4, you're basically saying kind of flattish gross margin the last year and then SG&A, more growth in Q3 than Q4. But can you say specifically how much of the SG&A growth in Q3 -- I mean, maybe if you could give it as a percentage of sales or a dollar increase or maybe if you can tell us what the impact is from the European transition. Because I would imagine, with the sales increase that you're expecting, there'll be some variable SG&A in terms of dollars that's tied to that.
Thomas George: Yes, Mitch. I mean, to give you a little bit more color what's going on in the third quarter compared to the prior year, there's obviously the retail stores we talked about there. On international, there's similar growth in SG&A in international when you consider the transaction cost. Those were in the first half for the year, but we consider some international marketing. We have now a direct -- we have operating expenses in 2 large markets over there. So in total -- and we have Japan and Asia Pacific. We've been building up infrastructure there. So that growth is going to be similar to the retail stores. And like you said, you've got some expenses and then there's the IP expenses we have in the third quarter and in the fourth quarter as well. And then the deal cost for Sanuk, close to $3.5 million, $4 million. Those are in the third quarter as well. So hope that gives you some clarity on -- a little bit more color on the third quarter.
Mitchel Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Yes, that does. And then maybe on that last piece, segue to Sanuk, because you guys are -- your guidance on the year includes the acquisition cost on Sanuk, right?
Thomas George: Yes, that's right. I mean, we've got -- we only have the back half of the year Sanuk revenues and the operating expenses, their lowest half of the year, right, because they're primarily a spring business. But we've got 4 quarters worth of cost, because we've been working on this for a while.
Mitchel Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: So what is the impact on earnings from -- so it's dilutive to earnings as you're guiding, right? And what is that dilution? And then -- and what -- and so then, what's the accretion if you take out the acquisition costs?
Thomas George: Yes. I mean, when you include to the deal cost for the year, it's like $0.04 to $0.05 of dilution, really, in the third quarter. When you back out the deal cost, really just the back half deal cost even, when you back that out, you've got -- you're modestly accretive, in the slowest time of the year for them, a couple of cents.
Mitchel Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then on the inventory, I know you kind of went through by brand. But could you say how much of the inventory increase is related to the European transition? And then could you also say if there's any excess in the inventory? I know, Angel, you talked about some softness on the sandal side with Teva given the weather. And I'm wondering if you guys were able to move inventory in the second quarter, if there's anything that gets carried over into Q3 that might be considered excess.
Thomas George: Mitch, on the inventory, yes, I can give you that. On the international side, they're close to -- it's roughly a $50 million to $55 million increase, relative to the prior year on the international side, because we're on a distributor model and had very little inventory a year ago. Some of the increases, the retail stores, I think another thing to point out is the average unit cost throughout, closer to 10% year-over-year. So -- and you've got a good close to $20 billion of the increase year-over-year is relative to the average unit cost. And I think another -- a couple of other points on inventory. Teva, you know all of you, it's a good-sized brand. In this day and age, in terms of factory capacity, you've got to order key styles early on and bring those in early, which we have. And those key styles carry, do carryover to future periods. And I think another key point is if you look at what the inventory requirements that are implied given our guidance for the back half of the year, you can see we're going to have to bring in more inventory to be able to handle the growth in UGG sales we've seen in the back half.
Mitchel Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Okay. But there's no existing on Teva side in inventory, spring excess?
Thomas George: Really no more than normally one would normally expect. Back and then you find we're really sensitive to making sure what we put in the line can carry over as well.
Mitchel Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Got it. And then last question. On Simple, I know you guys -- where are you in the process of shutting that down? I assume you built inventory for the back half. Maybe I'm wrong about that. And then given that you are shutting that brand down, what would that mean in terms of earnings impact next year? I assume that business was losing money for you guys.
Zohar Ziv: Yes. Mitch, this is so Zohar. As of the process that we indicated, we're going to trade it out by the end of the year. So we are not selling spring '12. Basically, we're doing -- we're liquidating the inventory that we have and selling the book. And as to the second part of your question?
Mitchel Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: The impact on...
Zohar Ziv: The impact on earnings. I mean, that should be positive, because you are right. It has been dilutive to earnings.
Mitchel Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: But can you say how positive? I mean, how negative is it on your guidance for this year?
Thomas George: Yes. I mean when you look at our forecast for this year, I mean it -- albeit small, but it's close to a couple of million.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jim Duffy with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Believe it or not, I still have a few questions. Related to Bob's question about the U.K. comps, did you indeed see a normalization of inventory flow in the U.K. and the Benelux during 2Q?
Thomas George: Jim, is that -- your question there, is that relative to the wholesale business there?
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Correct. With some of the delivery issues you reported in the first quarter, did you indeed resolve those and see smooth operations during the second quarter?
Thomas George: Yes, we did. We're pleased with how that turned in the second quarter. So we're really pleased how that went.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great to hear. And then a little more detail on the shift dynamic. With the shift of $30 million from 3Q into 4Q, could we expect a similar growth rate and gross up into 4Q that you saw with the balance of the 2Q, $30 million?
Thomas George: One thing you need to keep in mind there on that, Jim, is the fourth q -- Q4 business is a heavy -- heavily dependent on reorder kind of business. So you have to be more cautious from an expectation and planning point of view there. So we haven't given any specific guidance on that. It's still a little too early to tell. On that, I think net-net, I think it's safe to assume it's going to be lower than the third quarter impact.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. So you'll see -- just to be clear, you'll see a gross up from the conversion of elimination of the distributor discount and you're not yet comfortable predicting what the growth rate of that would be.
Thomas George: I think that's the way to look at it. There's a change in model, so you'll see a gross up, everything being equal, but we're -- not at this point in time. Given it's so dependent on reorders, we're not ready to go into detail what the magnitude of the volume increase may be.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. That makes a lot of sense. And then with respect to the fourth quarter, is there anything that's going to be anniversary-ed in the fourth quarter from the U.K., Benelux distributor business? Is -- my point being is the shift from 3Q a pure shift to 4Q over a clean balance? Or is there something else that goes away from fourth -- 4Q a year ago?
Thomas George: Net-net, there could be some more reorders to the compared distributor versus wholesale, but that is all in the magnitude of things. It's not -- nothing to really to get wrapped up about.
Jim Duffy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. And then last question. You mentioned completing the buyback program. What's the thought process on re-upping that? When would the next opportunity for that be?
Thomas George: We're working -- we're continuing to valuate that. When we're prepared to talk about that some more, we'll talk about that.
Operator: And we'll go next to Chris Svezia with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: I guess, Tom, just to go back to just the prior question here. Just on the fourth quarter potential shift, you are obviously assuming in your guidance that there is some shift of that revenue, some modest gross up but not obviously expecting anything significant at this point. Is that just a fair assessment?
Thomas George: I think a better way to look at it is that where, obviously, there is a change in model, there's going to be some growth from a unit point of view but because of the reorder -- so dependent on reorders and it's still early at this point in time. We were new to those markets on a direct basis. We just want to be more cautious. I think an added point I made is net-net, at this point in time, we're presuming it's going to be lower than the third quarter.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Right. Okay. All right. On inventory you went through a lot of moving parts there, very helpful. But I'm just curious, as you go into the back half, just any thoughts when you look at third quarter. Could it still be up a similar amount? And I'm assuming, coming out of the second quarter, when you guys reported these numbers, you hadn't shipped a lot of products to your subsidiaries. So that was obviously down the books as well, correct?
Thomas George: So on -- let me get one at a time. On the third quarter, we do still -- given the sales projections we talked about earlier, there's still some more inventory to be brought in here. And then we also have 11 -- by the end of the year, 11 more stores -- at least 11 more stores in play by the end of the year. So we're going to have some good inventory levels again by the end of the third quarter. I'd say from a percentage wise, it's probably -- it could be percentage wise, close to the same kind of growth as we saw in the second quarter, a little less.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay. Okay. And then on something you guys haven't talked about a little bit. What -- just give an update on your shop-in-shops in terms of how many you have, how many you expect to grow this year. And I think, historically, there's been, I don't know, about 30% or so pop when you guys put these in place. I mean could you just give us some update on where you are with those?
Thomas George: The shop-in-shops, we're really still tracking where we thought we'll be within the last quarter. But we currently have about 250 of those, and by the end of the year, we think we'll have around 370 shop-in-shops.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay. And then lastly, I guess Angel for you. When you think about what's going on with the UGG brand in U.K. and Benelux and just sort of what you're seeing in the back half of this year, any way to characterize how much of that is just coming from growing in existing doors, how much is just possibly new doors. I know you mentioned some new SKUs that are obviously getting placed. I guess just try to draw a parallel as to where you think that business is relative to maybe, I don't know, 7 years ago or so here in the U.S. Is that sort of where you are right now with that business?
Angel Martinez: I'd say it's more like 5 or 6 years ago here. Keep in mind, we really just got the sales team together there. There -- this is really the first season that they're selling in the way that we sell here. With the approach of spread and assortment, we've refined our distribution mix there. There have been some people that we're no longer going to be selling to, because we really didn't like the direction the brand was taking in some of those stores. So they've got a long way to go. I really feel that across the board, men's, women's and kids', we've got a lot of work to do in the entire selling environment. So I mean, I would correlate it to UGG here when it was really hot as a classic boot. They don't have slippers there, for example. That's one of the big categories. I mean, that's really not been a developed category there. Cold-weather has not been a developed category there. Surf which is another big category here, so we got -- we have a long way to go there. I'm really anticipating a very robust selling effort in the ensuing next couple of seasons.
Christopher Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group, LLLP: Okay, helpful. And then if I can ask just one thing. Just any -- I know Geiger [ph] is a pretty important customer for you guys. Any thoughts about just kind of the change in ownership. They're looking to probably maybe grow the chain in terms of what's going on there. Any -- could this just be a pretty solid relationship for you guys.
Angel Martinez: Yes. It's an excellent relationship. And I think what this does is it allows us to do some more top-to-top planning with their management team and really leverage some resources that we both have toward building the brand. And so we're pretty excited about it. We think it's a great move, and we already have a great relationship. I anticipate it's just going to be more focused. And now, everybody's got a lot to gain from the UGG brand's success.
Operator: And our final question comes from Kelly Halsor with BB&T Capital.
Kelly Halsor - BB&T Capital Markets: This is Kelly calling in for Scott. Just a question about your strategic leave with the Sanuk acquisition and your plans to expand to other retailers and internationally. Could you just give a little color around timing and like how well you could see some of these initiatives kind of playing out? Could it be as early as spring '12?
Angel Martinez: Well, the initiatives that -- when you want to expand in different channels, a lot of times, it requires a different product mix. So, fall '12 is probably the most realistic opportunity for upgrading product. It addresses the need of a certain channel. In terms of leveraging and expanding relationships we already have, we can begin that with spring '12. We also see that there is an opportunity in expanding their women's business into department stores where we already have relationships. They already have an excellent product line for women. We think that it just needs to get in front of more buyers and as well as the independent specialty stores. I think that Sanuk is a brand that there's a lot of curiosity about. And since they've been focused on action, sports and surf, those sales calls have not been made at the level and in the quantity that I think you'll start to see. So there's a lot of hanging fruit in what I call the spring season. And then as we have to develop product to address some of the new channels, that will extend to fall '12 and spring '13.
Kelly Halsor - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. And then in terms of new product or different distribution channels, do you see -- what are you looking at in terms of gross margin? Do you see any pressure there? Or just any color on that.
Angel Martinez: Well, I think one of the things they're very good at is being innovative and inventive about how to make shoes. They've got a great construction. It's not a shoe. It's a sandal, as they say. And what's make it -- from a production point of view, it's made like a sandal, and therefore, it has some advantages from a cost and production basis. We want to learn from them. So my goal would be to keep gross margins where they are with Sanuk. I think that they've learned some things as entrepreneurs and innovators that we can certainly benefit from. And not to say that they won't also make some other product that might be at slightly lower margins because it's more conventional construction. That's part of the mix. But as we all know, sandal brands typically have a higher margin than closed-toe brands. And even their closed-toe product is made like sandals, so there's a big advantage there. Well, thank you all very much for joining us. We are very satisfied with our results in the second quarter, and we anticipate that the year will continue on the same positive trend and look forward to talking to you on next quarter's call. I appreciate it.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude today's presentation. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q3  (2010-10-30 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Angel Martinez - President, Chairman and CEO Tom George - CFO Zohar Ziv - COO
Analysts: Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Shawn Nodden - Piper Jaffray Chris Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group Steven Gregory - Mandalay Research Scott Krasik - BB&T Omar Saad - Credit Suisse Group Jim Duffy - Stifel Nicolaus Bill Fazilem - Titan Capital Management John Hurshtrip - Sheffield Management
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentleman and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal 2010 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up the questions. (Operator Instructions) I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor language. Please note that some of the information provided in this call will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These statements concern Deckers plans, expectations and objectives for future operations. The company cautions you that a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which maybe beyond its control, could cause Deckers actual results to differ materially from those described in this call. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its annual report on the Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the SEC. Among these risks is the fact that the company’s sales are highly sensitive to consumer preference, general economic conditions, the weather and the choice of its retailers to carry and promote its products. Deckers intends that all of its forward-looking statements in this call will be protected by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the Securities Act of 1933 as amended. Deckers is not obligated to update its forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of future events. I will now turn the conference over to President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer, Angel Martinez. Please go ahead, sir.
Angel Martinez: Thank you everyone for joining us to discuss our third quarter 2010 financial results. With me on today’s call are Chief Operating Officer, Zohar Ziv and Chief Financial Officer, Tom George. I will begin with the review of our recent performance including the key drivers of the business. Then Tom will review our financials in greater detail and outline our upwardly revised guidance for the full year. Then I will return with some brief closing comments about the future plans and strategies. Our third quarter was better than expected across the broad, with sales, gross margin and earning all coming in ahead of projections. The upside was primarily driven by better than expected sell through of the UGG fall line and our company-owned retail stores coupled with higher than anticipated international demand for the brand. Teva sales also contributed nicely with growth across all channels and regions leading to the brand’s strongest third quarter in several years From a product prospective, our business continues to diversify. The UGG brand’s fall collection is the most complete line of footwear we have ever developed including classic, knit, cold weather, casual and fashion boots along with a broad assortment of slippers, wood bottom clogs, and sneakers. I encourage everyone to stop by one of our stores including our newest locations in Miami, Georgetown, and New York on Madison Avenue, or visit our e-commerce site to get a full appreciation of the breadth and depth of this season’s line. You will find that we have products, which can be worn for almost any occasion in and around the house, to work, in warm or cold weather, and out for the evening, and this has allowed us to capture greater share of the women’s market. Consumers who were introduced to the brand through their first pair of classics follow that up with a pair of slippers. Those same consumers are now buying our cold weather product and replacing their traditional calf high leather boots with a pair from our fashion collection. Looking at the fall line, you get a sense of brand diversity and broadening appeal to an increasingly sophisticated consumer audience. As a matter of fact, our market research indicates that 77% of UGG brand female consumers are 18 to 54 years old. Of that 47% are 18 to 34, and 30% are 35 to 54. New for this year is our collaboration with Jimmy Choo on a special line of limited edited boots. These just began selling last week at selected retailers or UGG Australia concept stores and our web site and Jimmie Choo’s stores worldwide and their web site. Jimmy Choo sold the collection into their distribution so, it is being carried by high end retailers like Bergdorf Goodman, [Sax Worth Avenue], Nordstrom Parris and Galeries Lafayett in Paris in addition to [Salon Independence] all over the world. You may have seen the global ad campaign around this collection including prints in fall and fashion magazine in the US, Italy, UK and Japan as well as billboards and window displays in Paris, New York, London, Japan, San Francisco, and Chicago. This partnership with Jimmy Choo further validates the UGG brand of the category creator as we are seeing more and more premium brands like Burberry and Channel utilizing sheep skin in their footwear and a pair of collections. Looking at our distribution channels compared to this time last year, we have expanded our presence across our national base of better department stores, specialty chains, and key independents. As we previously detailed, we have increased our domestic shop-in-shops to approximately 100, up from 74 last fall. Our retail business continued to experience strong growth. Same store sales for the quarter were up 17.9% for those stores that were open for the full three-month period ending September 30, 2009 and 2010 and our new stores continue to perform at high levels with strong four-wall contributions and quick paybacks. Teva’s Q3 business was also much more diversified than previous years. Thanks for the growth and evolution of the brand’s open and closed toe footwear. Our collection of light hikers and technical sandals helped fuel our strongest spring season in more than a decade and have generated positive moment and was moving into the second half of the year. For fall, we supplemented our closed toe offering with additional multi-sport products at a $100 plus price points that are selling very well. Our women’s lifestyle products most notably boots are also off to a very good start at retail. What we are seeing speaks to the success that we have had in targeting a younger, more active consumer and repositioning to have a brand as a year round brand. Our overseas business continues to gain pace. In Europe, the UGG brand is experiencing its best season ever. Our distributors in UK and Benelux are supporting very diverse assortments for the fall including greater percentage of new styles. Based on the feedback we are receiving, the response from the consumers have been very favorable. We are also seeing this trend in our UK retail stores where the sales data indicate that the consumers there are buying all styles of the brand’s new looks. We are also experiencing similar results with the UGG brand in Japan. In switching to a wholesale model at the start of 2009, we got an experience team that is selectively adding new retailers, improving productivity and existing accounts and delivering an enhanced brand message to consumers. Given the strong performance of other luxury brands in Japan, we believe that we will continue to grow the UGG business in Japan from where it is today. In China, we recently opened three new UGG retail stores with two of this quarter in Shanghai at Plaza 66 and Hong Kong Place and the other in late June in Shenyang Place 66. We are also very encouraged by consumer’s reaction to our stores and product line and were highly optimistic about the UGG brand future in the China market. Tom will now go through the financial in more details. Tom?
Tom George: In the third quarter of 2010, net sales increased 21.7% to $277.9 million compared to $228.4 million in the third quarter of last year. Net sales of UGG products increased 20.2% to $255.8 million versus $212.8 million in the third quarter last year. Net sales of Teva products increased 51.7% to $13.7 million in the third quarter compared to $9 million in the same period of 2009. Combined net sales to the companies other brands increased 26.5% to $8.4 million in the third quarter of 2010 compared to $6.6 million a year ago. Included in these numbers of global retail store sales of $20.2 million, up 63.3% from $12.3 million in the third quarter of 2009, driven by eight new stores and a same store sales increases to 17.9%, for those stores that were opened for the full three-month period end in September 30, 2009 and 2010.
.:  Also included in the brand sales numbers, domestic sales brands increased 14.2% to $204.7 million compared to $179 million in the third quarter last year. International sale increased 48.2% to $73.2 million compared to $49.4 million in Q3 2009. International sales were 26.3% of total sales up from 21.6% last year. Gross margin for the current quarter improved 420 basis points to 47.1% compared to 42.9% in the third quarter of last year. This increase was driven by an increased mix to retail sales, direct distribution for the Teva brand in the Benelux, duty refunds, reduced closed out revenue and overall improved margins for all brands. Total SG&A expense for the quarter was $64.6 million or 23.3% of net sales compared to $44.9 million or 19.6% of net sales a year ago. SG&A increased primarily due to increases in payroll expenses due to costs associated with eight new retail stores that were not open during the third quarter last year, operating expenses for our direct Teva operation in Benelux international distribution startup expenses, as well as additional increases in variable expenses for the increased sales. Operating income for the quarter was $66.3 million or 23.9% sales compared to operating income of $53.1 million or 23.2% of sales last year. The improved operating income was attributable to the aforementioned increases in sales and gross margins. Net income for the third quarter of 2010 increased almost 25% of $42.1 million compared to net income of $33.8 million in the third quarter of 2009 and diluted earnings per share increased 24.4% to $1.7 versus diluted earnings per share of $0.86 in the third quarter of last year. Please note that all share and diluted earnings per share amount discussed in the call including the amounts for prior period taken into account 3 for 1 stock split that was distributed in July 2010. Now turning to the balance sheet, at September 30, 2010, our overall inventories increased 5% to $197.3 million versus $187.8 million a year ago. By division, UGG inventory rose 3.1% to $180.3 million, Teva inventory increased 61.5% to $11.2 million and our brands inventory decreased by $0.1 million. The increase in the UGG and Teva brands inventory was required to support our expected increase in Q4 sales. In addition at September 30, 2010, we had cash and cash equivalence totalling $250.5 million up almost 100% compared to cash and cash equivalence and short-term investments of $125.6 million a year ago. Accounts receivable at September 30, 2010 were $142.2 million compared to $112.9 million at September 30, 2009. During the quarter, we repurchased approximately 170,000 shares of our stock for $7.4 million at an average price of 43.89 per share. We have approximately 20 million remaining authorized in our current share repurchase program. Moving on to our outlook. Based on our better than expected third quarter results, we are raising our 2010 guidance. We now expect 2010 revenues to increase approximately 16% over 2009 levels up from our previous guidance of approximately 14%. For the full year, we now expect UGG brand sales to increase by approximately 15%, up from our previous expectation of 13% and Teva sales to increase approximately 30%, up from our previous expectation for growth in the high 20% range. This will bring Teva sales to over $100 million for the first time ever. Our other brands combined are still expected the increase of approximately 15%, consistent with the previous guidance of 15%. We currently expect diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 22% over a split adjusted ‘09 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $2.98 per share, which excluded a noncash impairment on intangible assets of $1 million as discussed in our associated earnings release. This is up from our previous guidance of approximately 16% growth. Our forecast is based on a full year gross margin of approximately 49% and SG&A as a percentage sales of approximately 25%. As a reminder in preparation for the change from a distributor model to wholesale model for the UGG, Teva and Simple brands in the UK and the UGG and Simple brands in the Benelux region in 2011 as well as Teva brand Benelux and France transition this year, we will incur additional expenses in 2010 for the new initiative to establish the infrastructure necessary to support broader wholesale operations beginning in 2011. Also because of these transitions approximately $10 million of sales will shift to 2011 under a wholesale model that would have previously been recognized at international sales in November and December of 2010 under the former distributing model. In total, these incremental expenses in the profit shift of $8 million will have an estimated diluted earnings per share impact of $0.13 of which approximately 65% is a one time impact. Excluding these costs, we expect diluted earnings per share growth to 26% over 2009 levels. Furthermore, due to the impact of our international pretax income from the aforementioned expenses in 2010, our effective tax rate is expected to increase slightly to 36.8% from 36.2% in 2009. Our capital expenditures in 2010 are expected to a total approximately $25 million, a $10 million increase from our 2009 level to $15 million. This has driven mainly by the build out a new retail stores as well as the new e-commerce platform and PLM software. For the fourth quarter 2010, we still expect both revenues and diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 88% compared to fourth quarter ‘09 levels. Fourth quarter guidance includes approximately $5 million or $0.08 per diluted share of incremental investments associated with the international distribution transition as well as the aforementioned higher level to fix overhead. I now turn the call back to Angel for some closing comments.
Angel Martinez: There is a lot to be exited about as we approach the holiday selling season and look forward the next year. We believe that we are developing great products and compelling lifestyle messaging to create strong global momentum from the UGG brand and now the Teva as well. We are seeing in our markets worldwide retailers are hungry for our brands. Zohar and I recently returned from Asia and it was clear during our visit to Japan that consumers have developed a true affinity for the UGG brand. Our new team has done a great job of re-igniting interest in the brand and they are making great headway building the right wholesale distribution and searching out potential new store locations. We saw similar trends in China, which is now the second largest luxury market, thanks to a growing population of consumers who want the brand name like UGG and Teva, now cheap imitations are knock offs. The sell through results from our four UGG stores in China speaks to this new wave of demand, which we believe will continue to grow for sometime. As I mentioned earlier, our European business is doing very well as awareness of our expanded product assortment continues to spread across the continent. We are very excited about bringing all our distribution in the UK and Benelux in-house and we’re confident that the UGG and Teva brands are ideally positioned to attract new consumers in these region as well as other key countries suggest France, Germany, Russia and Italy to name a few. Here in the US, newness is driving our business and so we believe that this will continue in spring 2011 as we further diversity the UGG line with additional non-boot style such as sneaker and sandals. Next month, we will begin pre-lining fall 2011 with our major accounts and we’re confident that we can build on the positive story line from this season. This is also true for the Teva brand as a light hikers and multi-sport collection become more meaningful to the spring line. In fact, more multi sport product is sold in spring versus fall. There is a true opportunity for us to increase our share of the key outdoor category. For 2011, the financial benefit we expect from our upcoming conversion to subsidiary models in Europe is very timely. In that for 2011, we now anticipate input cost increases will be toward the high end of the 5 to 10% range that we discussed in our second quarter callback in July due mainly to rise in commodity prices. In addition, based on the global trends our businesses are experiencing and our growing cash position, we believe 2011 is the opportunity time to make select strategic investments in our business that will accelerate market share gains in 2012 and beyond. Areas that we are looking at include an accelerated retail expansion, increasing the number of annual store openings beyond the nine planned additions that we have this year. New marketing and sales initiatives to accelerate the Teva brand’s growth and increasing awareness for our TSUBO brand. On a larger scale, we believe there are significant growth opportunities to the UGG men’s line, and our recent market research for UGG product indicates that we still has significant growth opportunities with women. Therefore, we plan to increase our investment in UGG brand to bring our brand’s spend as a percentage of sales up to be more in line with premium global brands. This should help us capitalize on the global opportunities we believe this for the UGG brand in both men’s and women’s category. Lastly, we will be investing in additional advertising and point of sale materials to support our transition of the wholesale sales in the UK and Benelux. We are still in the planning process for the next year and continue to evaluate the most effective ways to deploy our capital. We will lay out our investments and the benefits when we discuss our 2011 guidance in our next call in February 2011. In addition, we continue to evaluate potential acquisition opportunities and we remained very optimistic about the long-term potential of the UGG and, Teva brands and are becoming more excited about the prospects of the Simple, Tsubo and Ahnu brand. Everyone at Deckers is energized about the business, and our global organization is focused on successfully executing our growth strategies to return significant long-term value to our shareholders. Operator, we are now ready to open the call up for questions.
Operator: We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. We ask that you limit questions to one and one follow up to accommodate as many questions as possible. If we have time, we will repoll additional questions. (Operator Instructions). Our first question come from comes from Sam Poser from Sterne, Agee.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee:  Can you just give us a breakout of the operating income by segments just to help us?
Tom George: Yes, Sam, I can do that for you. We had strong operating income for the quarter, so UGG is obviously the biggest driver there and then Teva and other brands are lower numbers more at the break even kind of level for the third quarter in the retail stores. Keep in mind on the retail stores, we charge them you know cost of goods sold at wholesale. They have lower operating margins compared to total vertical margin when you include the brand margin, which is included in UGG.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee: Do you have the number or we have to wait for the queue?
Tom George: I will go ahead and so for UGG wholesale which includes the brand margin on the retail store was approximately $96 million, Teva and the other brands is close to a break-even, e-commerce was approximately $1 million of operating income, retail stores close to $2 million, and then there is an unallocated corporate type overhead cost that go the other direction of approximately $30 million and $66 million of operating income.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee: Angel, when you are looking at next year, I mean can you give us some read through as to you talked about your additional investments, can you give us some idea of how you are looking at the impact to gross margin next year with those with the Benelux and UK and France switching over?
Angel Martinez: We anticipate gross margin remain consistent with what they’ve been. Our fundamental focus is to drive the business in those markets where we feel we have market share gain opportunities. Certainly in UK and Benelux where we put together very strong sales force, we have established the brand across a wholesale spectrum as well as our retail operations. It is to that point now where the brand would benefit from more aggressive competitive approach to the market for us meaning that more rollout of our shop-and-shop program, more spread and assortment of across wholesale channels, we’ll be developing our e-commerce platform to really grow up to the market and we anticipate as we roll forward that the Benelux will be moving in similar directions.
Operator: Our next question comes from Todd Slater from Lazard Capital.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital: It sounds like you are going after the retail store opportunity even outside of the US maybe more aggressive than US. I am just wondering if you could talk a little bit about how that strategy is now evolving, you’ve been into it for several years both inside and outside of the US? The other question was, if you could talk about where you stand on evolving the UGG brand into more of a lifestyle brand in terms of apparel and accessories and licensing and all the other parts of the equation there? Thanks.
Angel Martinez: Todd, as far as retail goes, it is a very difficult thing to ignore the consumer’s love for the brand when they are exposed to the total breadth and assortment of the brand and in an environment that reflects the brand vision. We have been seeing that as we have been refining our approach around the world. As I have mentioned, Zohar and I were just in Asia and compared to what we see in Europe, we see the same thing happening in Asia with consumers responding in exactly the same way. The opportunity that exists around the world for us to solidify the category leadership of is very important and one that retail does better than anything else. Particularly in markets like Asia rather like China was there is no wholesale business. Brands are built on a retail foundation and so for us to dawdle too slowly into that market, it puts at risk the category of leadership opportunity that the brand is known for and the brand has established. We are going to keep moving on that front and will move aggressively for us. It doesn’t mean we’re just not going to open retail doors willy nilly but we take this seriously. I have said from day one that our stores need to make money; they are not marketing expenses, and we are running very profitable stores. When it comes to the apparel and accessories, we have been refining that approach. As you know, we’ve had cold weather accessories through our licensees at hats and gloves and scarves. That is doing very, very well. We have now begun the process of developing our own handbags and our own outerwear. By the way, we are doing knitwear for the fall as well. That business is very important as we round out a retail assortment. It is critical to have a complete brand story at retail. We are now developing to a base number of stores that allow us to be small runs of outwear, small runs of knitwear, small runs of handbag, and that creates a well rounded assortment of retail, which when our wholesale customers see that, it creates demand for that product in the wholesale environment. We are building it, in that sense, very methodically obviously tying in the shop-and-shops as we have developed them around the curious retailers as well as the Internet. That is really the approach we take.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital: You have got some great Jimmy Choo windows here in the flagship Saks store in New York.
Angel Martinez: They are beautiful. Thank you.
Operator: Our next questions comes from Shawn Nodden from Piper Jaffray.
Shawn Nodden - Piper Jaffray:  On the gross margin front, Tom, you gave us some of the breakdowns of the gross margin improvement of 420 basis points. Just wondering if you could codify some of those numbers for us? Secondly, obviously talking about sourcing costs being toward the higher end of that 5% to 10% range, but Angel, you mentioned you were looking to hold gross margins relatively consistent to this year for next year. That’s kind of the goal right now it sounded like. Just wondering how that’s going to work. Should we expect a combination of potential ASP or mix between retail and international? Just how should we think about that for the next five quarters here or next year?
Tom George: This is Tom. I will go ahead and respond to the 2009 and 2010 comparison. We are up 420 basis point. The lion’s share of that was really almost 200 basis points. That was just improved initial margins on the UGG brand, especially on the UGG brand as well as the other brands including Teva and some of the other items that I mentioned reduced closeouts and marked downs was about 40 basis point improvement year-over-year. We had a small amount rather residual amount that duty drawback, duty refund that only about 30 basis points, so higher content at retail. Retail sales this year compared to a year ago at about 50 basis points and the fact that we’re direct in Europe with Teva it’s a smaller Teva quarter but that is about 10 to 20 basis points of improvement.
Zohar Ziv:
 :
Shawn Nodden - Piper Jaffray: Just on the marketing maybe you just elaborate a little bit more on some of the things that you could potentially be embarking on in terms of new marking initiatives on particular demographics you may be going after more aggressively? Any way you could quantify the amounts of that additional marketing spend that you could potentially see next year?
Angel Martinez: Yes, for example, I mentioned the female consumers and 77% of them reports between the ages of 18 and 54. There is a very large percentage of population that we call prospect. These are people who have expressed an interest and an affinity for the brand and have just not have the exposure to it or not had the opportunity to purchase it having the purchase intent. That is an opportunity for us to add to the following we have for the brand in the core audience of female consumer. The men’s market is the market that we feel we have a very good opportunity in given the success we’ve had traditionally with cold weather products and our success with slippers and recent success with some casual products we’ve made in sneakers. From a brand perspective, if you really sort of look at us historically the UGG brand has spent about 2 to 2.5% of sales on marketing. Other brands of this caliber, for example, a Ralph Lauren, brands that you know world wide or very successful lifestyle brands and fashion brands spend 3.5 to 4%. The delta between the 2% and the 4% is an opportunity for us to very selectively and very methodically put marketing dollar at work to grow our brand franchise and solidify a larger consumer share. You’ll see us doing that. You’ll see a mix of marketing activities from social networking base to more conventional media to certainly in-store presence and a variety of things like that.
Angel Martinez: (inaudible) time is still coming together as you know, and we will be able to talk more about that in the February call. Lastly, sounds like Teva, lot of gains being made there; it sounds very promising. Can you remind us just how big you think that business could ultimately be just based on what your expectation is right now and when you could hope to achieve your long-term goals or near long-term goals with that brand? Thanks
Angel Martinez: Sure. It is not unreasonable to see the Teva brand doubling size over the next few years, particularly with the momentum that we’re gaining outside the United States. The brand is actually very famous and authentic in Asia especially in China. We are really just scratching the surface of what we could do in China. Without getting too far out on the horizon, if you look at a Teva brand of $100 million, could you see a $200 million Teva brand in the next three or four years, it is very, very reasonable, it is very durable and now that the product line comes together as a year round brand, male and female and kids that makes that potential much more realistic and everybody’s pretty excited about that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chris Svezia from Susquehanna Financial Group.
Chris Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group: First, I just want to go back to the input cost question, high end to the 5 to 10% increase. Everything is what you guys are doing with regards to sourcing in China and moving more inland, something you have done already and obviously looking in to Vietnam. How much of that potentially offsets that or mitigates that pricing pressure to a degree? I am just trying to get you sense there and can you just give me an idea how much is Vietnamese sourcing versus sourcing in mainland China?
Angel Martinez: Chris, the main impact for the increase of the cost towards the upper end of the five to the ten is really from the commodity which is really the sheepskin for us. As you said, we have moved the operation from southern China to northern China to Vietnam. You do get some benefits but the driving force was really the commodity cost. Vietnam, even the pricing is a little but lower than China. What you do get is the productivity is lower. You are not getting a significant benefit but what you are getting is your holding increases because of the pricing crisis in China. Also you are getting a stable labor force where the challenge in southern China has been the labor force with the migrant type of lever force. In Vietnam, the people live around the factories.
Tom George: One thing Chris that we refuse to do, we won’t do is to lower the quality of the sheepskin that we select for our production. Almost without exception, you will see the people doing a knock off brand and obviously the counterfeit folks they’re buying the lower they reports buying the lower end of the sheep skin available and probably getting that a little bit cheaper price than what we were paying but we just refused to go there. We think our customer deserves a lot more than that.
Chris Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group: I’m curious, two questions quickly for you, Angel. Your thoughts about this holiday in terms of any -- obviously, you were off to a good start. It seems like you made some comment about you’ve seen some incremental acceleration in the business and sell through as you’ve go into the fourth quarter. It seems like you feel very confident about holiday and how it will unfold. Secondarily, any thoughts about pre-books for spring. Obviously, you have that put to bed it seems at this point. Can you give color or commentary on what you’re seeing? Obviously, Teva is pretty strong. I would assume you’re pretty happy with what you’re seeing there. Any thoughts about how the UGG pre-book looks for spring thus far? Any color you can add to that would be certainly helpful.
Angel Martinez: It is obviously difficult to talk about the spring at this point. Put it this way, we are not disappointed. We feel that the brand memorandum continues across all channels for distribution and there has been a lot of excitement as we have seen it for the new line. A lot of excitement, I am sure, will also merge for the follow line that will begin queue line in the next three to four weeks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Chi Lee from Morgan Stanley Smith Barney.
Steven Gregory - Mandalay Research:  Actually this is Steven Gregory of Mandalay Research. Couple of things, you guys mentioned that e-commerce sales increased 3.8% $8.7 million but is kind of due to the last year close out. Can you provide some color on the call today? What is your e-commerce vision going forward for next couple of years and how do you plan to get there, initially with the relaunch of your platform?
Angel Martinez:  Can you clarify that question a little bit please?
Steven Gregory - Mandalay Research: What is your e-commerce vision going forward? You are re launching in a different sites doing a new platform. What is your e-commerce going forward and how you plan to expand your sales online?
Angel Martinez: One of the things we’re seeing is that e-commerce were they may have started out of the selling vehicle, if you will. In other words, brands almost by default found themselves developing an e-commerce platform just to do complete a transaction perhaps enhance some customer service that consumer is going to make it easier to get to that. We think now that e-commerce is an intrinsic part of the brand experience. We feel that e-commerce is by some consumers the way they educate themselves about products and then they of to a retail environment or in many ways e-commerce completes a relationship with consumers. They feel that they are being invited in to the brand itself and are able to have a special relationship with the brand.  E-commerce is evolving as a very core component of the marketing strategy. Social networking is another core component of the marketing strategy. When all of it is looked at you cannot separate what is happening at retail environment with a shop-and-shop environment with an e-commerce, the social network environment and the media environment. Our platform what we are developing is going to allow that kind of flexibility, that kind of technical capability to allow a consistent message and a timely message almost a real time message for consumers who value the brand and want to be a part of the brand experience. Obviously, that is not easy but that’s the future. Certainly, the future of marketing and certainly the future of brand developing.
Steven Gregory - Mandalay Research: Then a follow-up to that. What are you guys doing to in turn bring more people to the site? Obviously, social networking etc. How are you going about capturing new customers? Are you building any type of apps for the mobile phones to allow customers to download to their cell phones, allow them to purchase products on your website?
Angel Martinez: Yes, we’re looking at all of those things. Right now, if you look at the fan base. UGG has 440,000 Facebook fans, which is a crazy number with especially when you consider that we really have not done much to enhance that list building capacity or fan building capacity. We have so many fans coming to the brand just out of enthusiasm. What we do with those fans and how we react with them, that’s what is emerging. I wish I could be more specific than that. Those plans of developing and we’re doing quite a bit of research right now and we have employed very capable outside resources to help us refine this strategy. By the way, it’s a moving target. It is something at the emerging as we speak with new platforms like the iPad, with the new technologies that allow from a barcode scanning and instant messaging on your iPhone, on and on. It is something you must get plugged in to and stay on top of and that’s what we are doing.
Zohar Ziv: This is Zohar. As a follow-up in addition to t very social marketing method are there that we are already doing and using outside consultant to help us with that. We are also upgrading the technical capability of the site. We are implementing a whole new platform that is going to be in operation next year and would allow us also to expand and take equal commerce overseas. We are expanding our e-commerce operation overseas. As to the potentials, for example I know that the e commerce sales for the quarter was slightly over 3% but the UGG e-commerce this quarter grew up 16.5% domestically. That is greater than what we have done in the domestic wholesale. It was a nice uplift from e-commerce.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Scott Krasik from BB&T.
Scott Krasik - BB&T:  Just wanted to parse through some of your comments on how the business accelerating, is that across the board? I know there have been a lot of reports that the Classic business lagged in August and September, so are you specifically referring to that fashion. What are you talking about?
Angel Martinez:  In august n September generally speaking especially when you have heat waves in various parts of the country, our business obviously kicks off when the weather cools off in terms of classics. Every year around this time we hear lots of comments about the classic business slowing down and every year round this time about a week or two from now you have a little cold snap and suddenly there is a rush to retail for the product. We feel that and what we have seen, seen strong evidence of this, that HUG has created a category and the category is led by our sheep skin foot wear in one form or other as seen in every brand from Prada and Gucci, all the way through the line is here to say. It’s such a comfort component of foot wear. We feel that we interpret this idea better than any one. We intent to continue the love affair that consumers have with the brand as the authentic and mostly legitimate brand out there. That said the market any market will always grow, mature, develop and evolve. We have to stay ahead of it with innovation, with technology, with great design and that’s where we’re making investments into. We have been doing that since I came here and before. It is just an ongoing part of trying to lead a market and every year the challenge is to be our own best competitor.
Scott Krasik - BB&T: That leads me to my follow-up. It’s a good problem to have, but retailers that we spoke with have said that the fashion product has sold great, but they don’t have enough of it and you guys didn’t invest in inventory to back it up to support them. Do you think you’re aggressive enough in terms of moving the brand forward?
Angel Martinez: Yes. We do. We feel that certainly with our retail distribution and the quality stores we work very closer with them to keep developing UGG brand in those stores. You can see the penetration of spread and assortment. We plan very aggressively the increases in the classic business, we have every year and what’s happening what you are seeing is classic is not very narrowly defined by us any more. The classic category is a fairly large category is a fairly large category includes a lot of difference types of products. When you talk to your retailer about how is classic doing, it is their defining classic as chestnut sand and black Classic Short and not including in the definition of classic all the other products that are emerging from we’ve done the Cardy boots and variety of other things I mean those are all classic and those have been accelerating very nicely.
Scott Krasik - BB&T: Yes. I was thinking more along the lines of the riding boots and the wooden bottom clogs, and those sort of things?
Angel Martinez: Yes, we would not call those classic. That is more new product. That’s some of the diversified product line that you’re now seeing, which you mentioned it and that is growing significantly and it is dimensionalizing the brand at retail, it’s very exciting to see that happen. The consumer is seeing much more than what they originally came in to the brand experience and that is a good thing for everyone.
Operator: Our next question comes from Omar Saad from Credit Suisse Group.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse Group: I apologize if you’ve already said this, but was wondering if you guys could share, just focusing on the UGG brand, what the US wholesale number looked like, and maybe give us an update on your channel strategy for UGG in the US? Are you guys thinking about expanding in the new distribution or staying tight on existing distributions? I’m sure there’s a lot of retailers out there knocking on your door dying to get the brand in-house. Then I have a follow-up question on some of the new brand initiatives you have.
Tom George:  Omar, this is Tom. I’ll go ahead and give you the growth and our UGG US wholesale business. For the quarter, it is up around 10% year-to-date it’s up round 10% as well. We are pleased with that. I’ll turn it back over to Angel.
Angel Martinez: As far as our distribution, there are still segments of the country sections of the country where we can develop a brand further in south east primarily just open a store in Miami which is doing quite well in first two weeks of operation. The market has continued to evolve, as I mentioned, from original chestnut sand black and classic tall and short and ultra and in some markets now to the very diverse product assortment. We feel that we have a broad enough diversity of quality retailer that can take the brand through growth by category, in other words, category growth of brand in women’s, men’s and kids for the very near term. Beyond the current core of customers, we see obviously opportunity with our e-commerce platform, we see opportunity with expansion of doors by our current customers and also for example opening more doors key independents who may open doors and of course our own store retail operations. We also feel it’s very important for retailers to be profitable with our brand. They have been and will continue to be because We are very careful in how we manage our distribution and we intend to continue that.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse Group: On the brand (inaudible) very encouraging to hear that, you’re trying to really build it into a global brand and put the resources behind it. Do you or have you considered working with agencies around the world, or at least in the US to think about different marketing platforms? Are you going to stick with what’s worked from a marketing standpoint so far?
Angel Martinez: Well, marketing is one of those things that it has to keep revolving; you have to talk to the consumer in a language they understand in each market. When I say the language, I mean the marketing language. The platform we have been using which have been more traditional, the more traditional lifestyle and fashion orientation. We’ve been building the brand through very important fashion magazines, we’ve used outdoor signage, billboards etcetera in key cities, we’ve used retail presence and what we call VSM which is the in-store presentation. We will augment all of that stuff. We have just talked about social network, social networking as a vehicle. That has been a ramp up. You will see the brands showing up in what I would consider more opportunistic environments like events that may be happening in key cities. We’ve done some things around that world that have been very exciting over the years. We will continue to do those in key markets around the world. When you have a retail platform that allows you to bring consumers into a location that creates buzz and opportunity for your PR efforts. It is really a total mix of marketing. Our job is to figure out what the return on investment is with each of these categories of spending and marketing and drive obviously more money for those things that have proven to work. The good news is that you now have the capability to measure that our way, whereas in the past, as the old adage, on in 50% of advertising work, but just do not know which 50%. Here in this case we have gotten an opportunity to be much more precise with how we are spending our money.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jim Duffy from Stifel Nicolaus.
Jim Duffy - Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks, nice quarter everyone. Good afternoon. Most of my questions have been answered. I did have one question on the sneaker line. Can you talk about where you’re hoping to take that? That’s been a nice contributor for you this year. Should be a four season contributor, and seems to have a lot of potential. Where do you see this going next year and in future periods?
Angel Martinez: Well, what’s great about the sneaker business, well, I am using that term loosely, because in a sense these are casual shoes that are designed to look like sneaker. You’re not going to go out and play any sports in them. The opportunity of color is fantastic. When you start developing sneakers, you can mix and match materials and fabrications in ways that you traditionally do not do and more contemporary, classic styles of casual shoes. It obviously appeals to younger consumer. It allows you to freshen up the brand presentation with a lot of color and materials differentiation by channel of distribution because obviously some of your retailers might have an older consumer, might have, some might have a younger. It offers a lot of opportunity to keep that consumer, that consumer excited about coming in to retail. It is just fun, it is fun product, fun to wear and fun to buy.
Jim Duffy - Stifel Nicolaus: My sense is this could become a meaningful contributor. Am I off base there? I know it was small this year, but does it become meaningful in future periods?
Angel Martinez: I have a very good idea of how meaningfully contributory sneakers can be, having participated in that world for a long time. Yes, this is a big opportunity for us. We are trying to look at it with a different eye. It is, it is, you kind of ask yourself the what if question, if I wear a sneaker, what kind of sneaker would it be. We have been asking ourselves and we keep coming up with surprising answers that consumer keep validating. We’ll keep doing that exercise.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bill Fazilem from Trade In Capital Management.
Bill Fazilem - Titan Capital Management: Thank you. That is Titan Capital Management. You had mentioned in your opening remarks that you had increasing enthusiasm for the Tsubo, Simple and Ahnu brands. Would you please discuss what’s leading to that increased enthusiasm, please?
Angel Martinez: My enthusiasm is always really taken from the retailers enthusiasm and my measure of success for an upstart brand is how willing are retailers to give you more real estate broad and spread and assortment, may be push something off the shelves and replace with one of your items from a small brand. That is a very difficult to do today. I mean if I could snap my fingers and say, we’ll we just, we are just going to use the power we have in the market to force product into the distribution. We do not operate that way. We feel every brand has to stand on its own merits and excite the consumer. Retailers seemed to be agreeing that these brands are gaining momentum. There is some great styles and great designs, great price points and we are gaining markets share, we are gaining shelf space. That is where my enthusiasm comes from and it’s coming from when I am seeing all over the world. It is not just the US, of course these are still small brands, but we really do have to start somewhere. We had a lot of fixing to do across the board with these brands and to get them properly defined and envision and really build that brand platform for growth. We are getting there very quickly. I’m looking forward to significant things in the next few years in the smaller brands.
Bill Fazilem - Titan Capital Management: Following up on that, of the three brands, which of the three, if you had to choose, would you be finding the most enthusiasm by retailers or maybe said another way, which one could hit $50 million the first of the three of them?
Angel Martinez: You are asking me which of my kids is the best looking. It’s really a tough question to answer. I do not think I can answer. I’m not going to get myself in huge trouble. It just, part of it depends on how you want to define. Like for example if you take the Simple brand and the product that made Simple famous for so many years a shoe called the old school and the woman’s shoe called the sugar. Those items were in a sense of backburner for a few years and now they are being brought back to the front. What we are finding out is retailers love those items. Those are great items. They just wanted more color, more excitement, more assortment, more freshness. When we are showing Simple in the more, what I would say the back to basic Simple that we have been talking about with retailers in the last few months, there is a heck of a lot of excitement about that and guess what that is a very big category of product, so, and was a very big pipeline to fill. Vans sells a lot of shoes, Converse sells a lot of shoes. I would not mind being the number three brand in vulcanized canvas products of Vans and Converse. That is a big opportunity. Maybe Simple could be of all of them, but when it gets to the bigger number quicker because it has got a bigger pipeline opportunity. That said Tsubo is a brand almost at the other end of the spectrum which is very exciting from a design point of view, the leadership brand and design. It breaks a lot of moulds if you will in terms of what is contemporary and how do you find that intersection of style and comfort. We do not expect that brand has a giant pipeline to fill, but if we could be with Tsubo in every key footwear boutique that we need to being in the US and the rest of the world. That is actually a pretty significant objective and a very important thing to do. It is kind of a different brand for a different purpose, you know what I mean
Operator: Thank you. We have time for one further question and our last question comes from John Hurshtrip from Sheffield Management.
John Hurshtrip - Sheffield Management: Hi. How are you? I was wondering, you commented on how important it is that the weather always breaks sometime around this year. Are you finding any problems in terms of just customers getting nervous or wholesalers getting nervous with the weather staying warm across the country through November? I thought if we looked back into last year, you know, you really would have already seen it break at this point. Obviously no one can control the weather, but curious at what one point you would actually get concerned?
Angel Martinez: Well, I mean if it’s 85 degrees on January 15 in New York City that could be a problem. In the end, obviously the weather is pretty cyclical. If you look at California as an example, middle of winter here in Southern California it’s about 70 degrees, and 65 on a cold day and we saw a lot of in that environment. Is there a chill in the morning, is there a chill in the evening, it’s weather. It is about a time of the year as much as it is the actual temperature outside now is functionally staying warm? Sure. That is very important and when the weather gets cold, the UGG product does not come off the feet at all. I mean, so, it is almost like at the time of year that has emerged for UGG as much as it is they are an actual temperature. Every year there are different cycles. A few years ago it was pretty warm all the way through October, all the way through the beginning of November and then what happens is that we got pretty crunch for demand and the weather just got a little colder; it did not get really cold. It just depends. It is a brand that consumers have a love affair with for a whole lot of reasons; cold weather is just one of the reasons.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Martinez for any closing comments.
Angel Martinez: Well, thank you very much for all of your questions and for participating on this call. Clearly it has been an excellent quarter. We anticipate that we continue on our trend. We are very much looking forward to the February call where we can give you more detail on what we are planning. It is important for us to really thank our entire team around the world, specifically our newly emerging team in Japan, our new emerging team in the UK, in Benelux as well as all of our retailers around the world. We really appreciate your support and look forward of being able to continue to develop your the businesses together. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q2  (2010-07-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives:  Angel Martinez – President, Chairman and CEO Tom George – CFO Zohar Ziv – COO
Analysts:  Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird Sam Poser – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group Jim Duffy – Stifel Nicolaus Chi Lee – Morgan Stanley Scott Krasik – BB&T Capital Markets Maggie Gilliam – Gilliam & Co. Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets Sean Naughton – Piper Jaffray 
Presentation: 
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation's second quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) I would like to remind everyone this conference call is being recorded.   Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company's Safe Harbor language. Please note that some of the information provided in this call will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These statements concern Deckers plans, expectations and objectives for future operations. The company cautions you that a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which maybe beyond its control, could cause Deckers actual results to differ materially from those described in this call.   Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the SEC. Among these risks is the fact that the company's sales are highly sensitive to consumer preference, to general economic conditions, the weather and the choice of its retailers to carry and promote its products.   Deckers intends that all of its forward-looking statements in this call will be protected by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the Securities Act of 1933 as amended. Deckers is not obligated to update its forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of future events.   I would now turn this conference over to the President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Angel Martinez. Please go ahead, sir.  
Angel Martinez: Thank you operator and welcome to everyone joining us on the call today and listening via web cast. With me are Zohar Ziv, Chief Operating Officer; and Tom George, our Chief Financial Officer.   We reported another great quarter with financial results that once again exceeded our projections. I'm going through the numbers in a moment. But before that, let me highlight a few key themes. As you know several years ago, we detailed our long-term sales goals for the company and since that time we've been executing growth strategies that have us moving towards successfully achieving those objectives. If you look at the evolution of our business, I think it's clear that our sustained efforts to build a balance business in terms of seasonality, distribution channels, geographies and brands are working. First seasonality, with the growth of the UGG spring line and thus launch in 2005 combined with the resurgence of the Teva brand, we now have a much more meaningful business in the first half of the year. Sales of our products have achieved the compound annual growth rate of approximately 20% for the last five years and represent roughly 30 of our total revenues, which is close to our goal of having our spring season make up roughly 35% of the business in the next few years. Second, looking at sales by channel. We have become much more diverse in terms of wholesale, retail and eCommerce. Wholesale, our largest channel has continued to grow steadily and was up in the first half of the year driven by strong sell in and sell through for both our UGG and Teva spring lines. For the UGG brand this was true across our account base, of better department stores, specialty chains and key independents, all of which carried a much broader assortment of spring product this year. Similarly, Teva brand sales were consistently higher at key retailers such as REI, Dicks, EMS and Sports Tula (ph). While at the same time, the brand has generated renewed interest from some non-traditional accounts such as Nordstrom, Dillard's, Von Maur and Zappos, as we have broaden the product line. Entering the back half of the year, we're well positioned to capitalize on this momentum with 140 additional UGG brand Shop-in-Shops for a total of approximately 290 worldwide and much more complete offering of fall product from the Teva brand. Our retail business has been performing exceptionally well. Same store sales were up 19.2% in the second quarter and have increased 25.6% year-to-date over last year, this combined with the five new stores we opened last year, fueled strong double digit growth for our retail segment during the first half of 2010. We're very excited about these results, particularly if we prepare for our most aggressive period of expansion by opening nine stores this year. After opening our store in Shenyang, China in late June, we will open eight additional stores over the next five months. Six of the eight new stores will be in the U.S. with locations in Miami, Washington D.C., Los Angeles, Las Vegas and Orlando. We'll be opening our third New York City store, which would be located on Madison Avenue at 58th Street and finally, the remaining two stores will be in Shanghai, China. All stores except for Orlando will be full price retail stores. Finally, with our eCommerce business UGG brand sales were up double digit in the second quarter driven by heightened demand for the spring line. However, this was offset by lower sales from our other brands, which were up against difficult comparisons because of high close out level in the prior year, which we didn't have this year. Third, let's talk about geographies. The spread between our domestic and international sales has also become more balance in recent years and we're tracking to achieve our goal for 2012 of having approximately 30% of our annual sales come from outside the United States. In the second quarter, international sales were up 55% and rose 41% for the first half of the year, due to a number of growth drivers. First, we're seeing more distributors achieving success with a greater selection of product from the spring and fall lines. As retailers in our foreign markets are seeing the benefit of supporting broader width of collections rather than relying on a small number of (inaudible). Now, this has allowed us to gain valuable shell space and increase our retail presence in several key countries such as the U.K., the Benelux region, Italy, Germany, Korea and Canada. We're continuing to evaluate the new markets and we're working with our partners to secure the right distribution, establish a (inaudible) of lifestyle position and attract our target consumers. For example in Russia, our partners are taking off the brand by opening an UGG Australia store in one of the most notable locations in Moscow, Red Square. We believe the Russian market, with its long winters and quality and fashion conscious consumers present a great opportunity for the UGG brand. And we're also benefiting from our decision to convert from a distributor to a wholesale business model, the UGG brand in Japan at the start of 2009 and a Teva brand in the Benelux region earlier this year. Japan is a large market for luxury goods and presents another great growth opportunity that wasn't fully realized by our previous distribution partner. Under our storage ship, the UGG brand has added key points of distribution within the country's retail network, increase shell space in the country's finest department stores and begun delivering a consistent, cohesive brand message to the consumers. Situation with the Teva brand is different in the Benelux region. As this market for many years has been one of Teva's strongest markets. That said, in addition to the incremental sales and margins that Going Direct brings with it. We're finding opportunities to expand that business within the region and next door in France especially as we develop more year round product lines. The next six months will be a very busy period in our international division as we continue to assemble the personnel and build out an infrastructure to support wholesale distribution for UGG, Teva and Simple brands in the U.K. and get ready to add the UGG and Simple brands for our current wholesale platform in the Benelux region. These regions represent our two largest markets behind the United States. Domestically, sales are up 15% year-to-date, driven by demands in the UGG and Teva brands in the wholesale channel as well as the rapid growth experience in our U.S. retail stores. While we expect the international markets will grow at a faster pace in the coming years, we still see a lot of opportunity here in the U.S. based on recent studies that indicate that the UGG brand is still under penetrated from a demographic standpoint as well as from a geographic standpoint most notably in the Southeast region. At the same time, we continue to evolve the Teva product line to include more multifunctional footwear. We're confident we can capture an important share of this much larger segment of the outdoor market. The Teva brand has one of its best spring season's ever. As our efforts to develop a more comprehensive line of open and closed toe footwear is resonating with consumers. The 2010 product line included some of our most innovative and commercially appealing styles including the Sunkosi 2, the Itunda, the Tirra, the Tanza (ph) and the lighted flip-flop, the Illum. We've taken our technical expertise and leadership position in sports (inaudible) and are successfully establishing the Teva brand within the broader outdoor performance oriented category. As a result, we're much less dependent on whether than we were just a few years ago and we're now closer to having more meaningful year round presence at retail. The UGG brand also had a very strong first half, highlighted by sales surpassing a $100 million for the first time in both Q1 and Q2. This was achieved by a very positive reaction to our spring line, which featured expanded assortment of sandals, casuals, spring boots and a sneaker collection and all of which performed very well. Growth of our spring business is evidence that the retailers are comfortable with the UGG brand as a year round brand and we're confident that consumers demand for the spring line (inaudible) greater interest in our expanded fall assortments as well. We're seeing a much greater diversity in the ordering patterns for our wholesale accounts with the majority taking a much wider selection of boots across our multiple collections, classic knit, casual fashion and cold weather, in addition to more slippers and sneakers for fall 2010. So, as you can see our UGG business is about so much more than one category, one season or one market. With the turnaround of the Teva business, we're about more than just one brand. As we get into the fall season and move in to 2011, we expect this growth trends to continue and our business to become even more diversified. This diversity along with the expansion of our consumer direct division, plus the upcoming conversion to a wholesale model in the U.K. and Benelux region should put us in a better position to address rising manufacturing and materials cost, which for 2011 appear to be in the 5 to 10% range consistent with others in the footwear industry.  Tom will now go through the financials in more detail, Tom?
Tom George: Thanks, Angel. For the second quarter of 2010 net sales increased 33.7% to $137.1 million versus $102.5 million for the second quarter of last year. Net sales of UGG products from the worldwide wholesale division as well as the distributor retail and eCommerce increased 34.6% to $100 million versus $74.4 million for the second quarter last year.   Net sales of Teva products increased 38.4% to $31.2 million in the second quarter compared to $22.6 million in the same period of 2009.   Combined net sales of the company's other brands were $5.6 million for the second quarter of 2010 flat with the year ago period. Included in these numbers are global retail store sales of $10 million up 63.1% from $6.1 million in the second quarter of 2009, driven by five new stores and the same-stores sales increase of 19.2%.   Sales of our eCommerce business, which are included in the brand sales numbers, were $5.2 million for the second quarter flat with the same period a year ago. The eCommerce business face difficult comparisons to 2009 as prior to your sales included larger close outs for the other brands. The UGG brand eCommerce sales increase 19% for the quarter. Also included in the brand sales numbers, domestic sales for all brands increased 16.2% to $65.2 million compared to $56.1 million in the second quarter of last year and international sales increased 54.8% to $71.8 million compared to $46.4 million in Q2 2009. International sales were 52.4% of total sales up from 45.3% last year. Gross margin for the current quarter improved 450 basis points to 44.3% compared to 39.8% in the second quarter of last year. This increase was driven by improve margins for Teva and the other brands and lower close outs and some write downs for the other brands. We also experienced gross margin improvement from Teva, being a direct subsidiary in the Benelux. In addition, we received $3.1 million in duty refunds during the second of 2010, which we don't expect to recur at these levels in the future.   Total SG&A expenses for the quarter was $47.5 million or 34.7% of net sales compared to $36.6 million or 35.7% of net sales a year ago. We had planned SG&A to increase in absolute dollars due to several factors including cost associated with five new retail stores that were not open the full second quarter of last year. Operating expenses for our direct Teva operation in the Benelux, international distribution started up expenses, increase payroll, and variable expenses for the increase sales. Operating income for the quarter was $13.2 million or 9.6% of sales compared to operating income of $3.3 million or 3.1% of sales last year. The improved operating income was attributable to the aforementioned increases in sales and gross margins. Net income for the second quarter of 2010 increased 156.2% to $9 million from non-GAAP net income at $3.5 million, and second quarter diluted EPS increased 155.6% to $0.23 from non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.09 in the second of last year. Please note that all share and diluted earnings per share, amounts discussed in this call, including the amounts for the second quarter of 2010 and 2009 take in account the three-for-one stock split in the form of a stock dividend, which took effect in July 2010. Now, turning to the balance sheet, at June 30, 2010, our overall inventories decreased 17.3% to a $120.5 million versus $145.6 million a year ago. By division, UGG inventory decreased 20.3% to $103.9 million, Teva inventory increased 42.7% to $11.2 million, and the other brand inventory decreased by $2.1 million. In addition, at June 30, 2010, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $333.7 million, up 90.4% compared to cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of a $175.3 million at June 30, 2009.  Accounts receivable at June 30, 2010 were $81.6 million, compared to $61.2 million at June 30, 2009. During the quarter, we repurchase a split adjusted 61,000 shares for an average price of $43 per share. We have $27.4 million remaining in our current share repurchase program. Now, moving to our guidance, based on our better than expected second quarter results coupled with an improved outlook, including increased sales projections for the UGG and Teva brands, we are raising our 2010 guidance. We now expect 2010 revenues to increase approximately 14% over 2009 levels, up from our previous guidance of approximately 13% growth. For the full year, we now expect UGG brand sales to increase by approximately 13%, up from our previous expectation of 11%, and Teva brand sales to increase in the high-20% level, up from our previous expectation for growth in the mid-20% range. Our other brands combined are now expected to increase approximately 15% down from previous guidance of 20%.   We currently expect diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 16% over a split '09 diluted earnings per share at $2.98 per share, which excluded a non-cash impairment on intangible assets of $1 million, as discussed in our associated earnings release. This is up from our previous guidance of approximately 11% growth.   Our forecast is based on a full year gross margin of approximately 49% and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 26%. As a reminder, in preparation for assuming distribution control of the UGG, Teva and Simple brands in the U.K. and the UGG and Simple brands in the Benelux region in 2011, as well as Teva Benelux in France transition this year, we will incur additional expenses in 2010 for the new initiatives to establish the infrastructure necessary to support broader wholesale operations beginning in 2011.   Also because of the transition, sales of approximately $10 million will shift to 2011 under our wholesale model that would have been recognized as international sales in November and December of 2010 under the former distributor model. Total these incremental expenses and profit shift of $8 million will have an estimated diluted earnings per share impact of $0.13 of which approximately 65% is a one-time impact. Excluding its cost, we're guiding diluted earnings per share growth to 20%.  Furthermore, due to the impact on our international pre-tax income from the aforementioned expenses in 2010, our effective tax rate is expected to increase slightly to 36.5% from 36.2% in 2009.  Our capital expenditures for 2010 are expected to total approximately $25 million to $30 million, a $10 to 15 million increase from our 2009 level of $15 million, driven mainly by the build out of new retail stores as well as the new eCommerce platform and PLM software.   For the third quarter of 2010, we currently expect revenues to increase approximately 15% diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 4% compared to the third quarter 2009.   Third quarter guidance includes approximately $1 million or $0.02 per diluted share of incremental investments associated with the distribution transition, as well as startup cost and higher levels of fixed overhead for the new retail stores, international infrastructure and other general and administrative costs. For the fourth quarter of 2010, we currently expect revenues to increase approximately 8% in diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 8% compared to the fourth quarter of '09. Fourth quarter guidance includes approximately $5 million or $0.08 per diluted share of incremental investments associated with the distribution transitions as well as the aforementioned higher levels of fix overhead. Operator, we're now ready to take questions. Question-and-Answer Session 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting a question and answer session. (Operator instructions) Our first question is from the line of Todd Slater with Lazard Capital. Please go ahead.
Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks very much and congratulations to everyone.
Angel Martinez: Thank you, Todd.
Tom George: Thank you.
Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: I was wondering if you guys could comment a little bit on your strategy to offset the 5 to 10% cost increases on the easy coming down the road, if there are – I would think some margin mix benefits from the retail expansion, the distribution, aversion internationally. I'm wondering what you're also thinking in terms of ASPs. And then secondly just curious about what you're thinking at all is change on your own direct to consumer, the retail stores, given the success there, if you might be thinking longer term about what that footprint might look like globally, has that change? And I guess I'll just stop there with those questions.
Angel Martinez: Okay, Todd. To the first question, in terms of our strategy, you really hit on a lot of the major levers so to speak on what we have to work with. I mean we're addressing global pricing, we're addressing the fact that we're direct now in the U.K. and there's been a luck spur for UGG that that will provide an opportunity as well to improve our margin as well as the reevaluate our strategy in terms of the pace and amount of our retail store expansion. So, those are all the things that we're addressing. In this point in time, it's still in process. It's still early in our 2011 planning process, so that's about all I can talk about now relative to that until we get further along that process and see the impact.
Zohar Ziv: Todd, this is Zohar. Also in addition to that we are looking in our – we're sourcing is coming from. Until now the majority of our sourcing comes from Southern China. Next year, we'll start a sourcing some from Vietnam and we expect that next year, less than 50% of our products are going to come from Southern China. Our factories are moving more to Central China, some of them already have done so and by doing that they're offsetting some of the cost pressure that it's mainly in Southern China.
Angel Martinez: Let me add to that, we have been sourcing Vietnam for several years now, obviously, to some pretty spectacular results in terms of product quality and delivery. So, it's an ongoing evolution. I would strategically add that over the next few years you'll see a diversity of manufacturing across the globe as facilities become available in addition from a design and development point of view will be developing products that offer a better opportunity to diversify manufacturing, in many cases more simplified constructions, product innovation and design innovation are going to become very important in assuring that we're still able to hit the price lines better appropriate for the consumers.
Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: Should we be thinking about 2011 as a year in which we begin to leverage some of the infrastructure investments that are being made in 2010 or should we think of it as another year in which as you take over more of the distribution, there is still the potential for de-leveraging.
Angel Martinez: So, I think – we are continuing to evaluate let other markets we can look at going forward, Todd, from a going direct point of view. I think it's still a little bit early in the process as we walk to some of those levers we talked about earlier relative to the gross margin before we get down that path. That's sort of a little bit early in our process to be sort of a kin to giving some guides for 2011 because we're really not prepared to do that at this point in time.
Tom George: I will add that if you look at, and you ask the other question about retail as you look at the success of our retail operation, we can see that we have successful formula there. We've develop a pretty solid operating capability. We're in a good position as a brand that's in demand around the world and we're able to secure locations and premium locations inside cities, et cetera. We've still been, I would probably say cautious on the evolution of our retail business justifiably so in this economy but it continues to perform us and with continued performance, you'll see more aggressiveness from us as we move through 2011 on this front.
Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: That's great and well, good luck and all the best.
Zohar Ziv: Thank you.
Angel Martinez: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Mitch Kummetz with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird: Yes, thank you and let me have my congratulations as well.
Angel Martinez: Thank you.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird: Few questions on maybe, Tom, on your Q2 gross margin, which was up 450 basis points. It looks like about half of that was due to the 3.1 million in duty refunds. Can you talk about the other half? Could you be maybe quantify the impact of, that Teva going direct and the few are closed outs and were there any other sort of puts and take within that number that are worth calling out maybe quantifying as well.
Tom George: Yes. Those are the bigger items really. They're not that many other puts and takes. Teva being direct, that Teva the second quarter is a lower quarter for Teva so that was, but still roughly 70 to 100 basis points.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird: Okay.
Tom George: You hit on the duties that's about the right number there. The closeouts and the markdowns for the other brands that that's about 40 to 50 basis points and just improve wholesale margins at full price for the other brands is about 150 to 200 basis points.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird: Okay. With your retail business being up 64 percent in the quarter, I know that's a relatively small quarter for retail, did that have much impact on the gross margin of the quarter?
Tom George: Not as much as you think because we were up a little bit higher relative to expectations but as a percentage of sales compared to a year ago, it's about constant.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird: Okay. And then on your SG&A guidance for Q3 and 4, I look at SG&A in dollar terms. I think it was up around 11 million in Q2 year-over-year. Based on your sales and SG&A guidance the percentage of sales, it looks like that's going to ramp up to somewhere in the 21 million range in Q3 before dropping back down to 11 million in Q4. I don't know if I did my math correct or not. But can you talk a little bit of, a bit why the big bump in Q3? I'm assuming that has something to do with your transition in Europe.
Tom George: Some relative to the transition in Europe, but really more there's not just Europe. We've been direct in Japan for awhile. We've got some ramping up in Japan. We've got some expansions and international marketing. The stores, there is five more stores. There is six more stores operating this year relative to year ago, but there's also the startup cost relative to getting eight more stores …
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird: Yes.
Tom George: To open up in the fourth quarter. And then there's, now that we're direct with Teva and the Benelux, there's some additional cost there. There's also some volume driven cost. Those are the main drivers that are driving that.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird: Okay, that's helpful. And then on the UGG business, you mentioned in your comments, 100 million plus in each of the first two quarters that's new for the company. Q2 really stands out for me, I think up 35%. Could you talk a little bit about what really drove that's a pretty big sequential improvement from what you saw in the first quarter.
Tom George: I think a variety of factors. I've always said that's product, product and then followed by product. The sneaker line has been very successful. We continued to achieve great result with not only sandals but wedges and it has I think from a product presentation point of view at retail, we've got a much better and more diverse assortment in just about every single point of distribution and we have a broad cross section of products that are turning and checking (inaudible) very well. So, I think what you're seeing is a brand that's diversifying in its appeal. Our kid's business remains a real opportunity for us. Our men's business remains a very big opportunity for us as we move in the next couple of years. But the most impressive thing that I've seen is the exciting new product that the UGG team continues to put on the table and the way in which the retailers are responding to it and willing to give us the shelf space and real estate necessary to display it. So, I mean it's a real highlight in the retail environment right now.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird: Did you do bunch in a way of reorders in that business in the quarter? Is that still pretty much a pre-book business?
Tom George: It's pretty much a pre-book business with the exception of some very core styles, but generally speaking it's a pre-book business.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird: Got it. Okay. Thanks, good luck.
Tom George: Thanks.
Angel Martinez: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question from the line of Sam Poser with Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: Good afternoon. Thank you for taking my call. A couple of things. Number one, what was the wholesale gross for UGGs in the U.S. and internationally? Can you give it to us?
Tom George: Yes, Sam. Hi. This is Tom. Quickly, the total wholesale growth for domestic and international combined is about 32% for the quarter. The international growth was higher than the domestic growth. So, the domestic growth was more in the mid-single digit kind of domestic growth, loading at single digit.
Sam Poser – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: And then, okay, thank you. And then in the guidance that you gave in regards to the – was that – are you giving us GAAP or non-GAAP guidance?
Tom George: Non-GAAP guidance, but for this year, so far non-GAAP and GAAP are one of the same. But I give you percentage increases over the prior year non-GAAP.
Sam Poser – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: Okay. But you had some one-time charge? Did you have some one-time charge? What was the one-time charges in the last quarter? You mentioned that there's going to be $5 million or 5.5 million in Q4.
Tom George: So, that's the international transition.
Sam Poser – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: Right.
Tom George: Reference for making for the fourth quarter or approximately $5 million.
Sam Poser – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: And was there any of that in this quarter or in Q? Is there any of that in this current quarter or in Q3, do you expect?
Tom George: Yes. So, the current quarter was sort of a rounded $1 million roughly and the same for the third quarter, this immediate third quarter coming up.
Sam Poser – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: And that's pre-tax correct?
Tom George: Correct.
Sam Poser – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: Okay, perfect. And then lastly, can you give us – to things. Number one, I mean (inaudible) questions about it because when you're inventories are high, everyone why your inventory is so high. Now, people are going to start asking if you're inventories are very low and arguably very good shape, but what have you done differently to allow yourself to continue the growth momentum with inventories down 17% going into the busiest time of the year?
Tom George: Well, it's a lot of planning and effort related to our product life cycle management initiatives there. IE inventory, want to get it in, you don't want to carry too much of it, you want to get it in closer to when you're going to deliver it to your retailers. So, it's been a lot of efforts by a lot of people within the organization, you time inventory closer to when you shift the retailers. With our growth, you bring in too much inventory too early, you start running in against warehouse capacity constraints, so which can add cost that can cost some leverage issues. So, we've again then really put a lot of effort and to time the inventory better.
Sam Poser – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: And then lastly, can you give us what the operating income is by segment?
Tom George: Yes. I got it right here. So, for the quarter by segment, UGG wholesale was obviously the strongest one at 33.6 million. Teva was close to 7 million. The other brands were just a little bit below zero, good improvement relative to the prior year. eCommerce is relatively flat. Keep in mind, eCommerce and I'm going to give you a retail number as well, assumes that most of the cost is the wholesale cost that does include the vertical margin. The vertical margin was with that UGG wholesale number. So, the eCommerce was relatively breakeven. The retail store second quarter is the worst quarter for retail stores. On a wholesale basis, it's slightly below breakeven and then we got the other corporate overhead cost or whatnot that you plug in there that takeaway from the rest of the income at operating segments.
Sam Poser – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: Thank you very much and continued success.
Tom George: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Svezia with Susquehanna. Please go ahead.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Good afternoon, everyone and congratulations. Going off of Sam's question here, as we think about inventory, how should we think about as we go through the balance of the year? Does that start to move up slightly as you start to fill in orders or just kind of how we should think about that as we move through the second half of the year?
Tom George: Yes. Relative to the euro over year comparisons, there shouldn't be as much of a down relative to the prior years of moving to the third quarter and the fourth quarter, this should be. But at the same time, we expect the continued to manage inventories well for the third quarter; it should be down some probably not down as much as it was in the second quarter. And then the fourth quarter, that's all the function and how reorders go and how retail stores go as well. So, that's a tough for one to call.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: And on Angel for you, I guess what you're sort of view of the sort of consumer environment, what we tell is – they've been telling you is they kind of think about the second half in their commitment to inventory and buys and any, I guess sort of initial blush thought as you think about spring, particularly for the UGG business as you continue to evolve the spring line just in terms of the maybe some color into the commentary you're getting from retailers.
Angel Martinez: Well, I mean I think it's a very interesting environment. It's very segmented in many ways. You have some pockets of the retail environment for example, a footwear, athletic footwear, particularly running is doing well, other specialty (ph) seems to be doing pretty well. I think people are foregoing the extent of vacation, et cetera and they're maybe running some road races on weekend, maybe taking advantage of some car tamping and outdoor activities. On the department store front, we're a major highlight given what's going on, I think the best scenario I could use is cautiously optimistic from some retailers and then just plain cautious and pessimistic from others. So, the focus on brand that turn and perform and retail is very important, continues to be. There are still somewhat of a consolidation going on. I think peripheral brands are going to have a very hard time. It is a still a nervous environment with a lot of talk about a double dip recession, et cetera. I think brands like us performing and to have a performing as they are in this environment bodes well for the future when we see a better economic upturn.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: So, it's fair to see you continue to take (inaudible) buy?
Angel Martinez: Yes. I think so.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: And then the last question, I just want to ask is just of the cash for one second. I know in the past you've talked about looking acquisitions, $100 million to 200 million. Just curious about your updates that I've thought and I guess is there a timing? Do that ceases if you don't find anything whether it for price or it just doesn't come along? Is there a point in what you say, “Okay, that's enough let's move forward and think about something else or just your thoughts there?
Tom George: Yes, Chris. This is Tom. We're still evaluating on acquisition opportunities and being very patient there, so there is directly there's always a time that if something doesn't come along we switch gears. But we're just going to be patient there, we've done – we're doing obviously very well. We get great returns on capital with our current business. So, we're going to be cautious from that point of view. At some point in time, if something doesn't come along we continue to build the large cash balances that we have and we will have to consider some other uses of that cash that which may include further share repurchases or dividends or some other kind of returns to shareholders.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. Thank you very much and good luck.
Tom George: Thanks.
Angel Martinez: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Jim Duffy (ph) with Stifel Nicolaus. Please go ahead.
Jim Duffy – Stifel Nicolaus: Thanks. Hello, everyone and nice quarter. Tom, improving the inventory management would focus is really impressive. As you look to the supply chain are there other kinds of standout opportunities for cross savings that you hope to realize in the coming periods?
Tom George: Yes. As part of that overall strategy, we're looking at materials, trying to find common materials we can across all brands and therefore you get better quantities and therefore lower unit cost and we've been constantly looking at ways to control the cost of our distribution space and monitoring how quickly we add distribution space. There's constantly evaluating given our growth, what we're paying for our freight and what not, trying to make sure we're very competitive from that point of view. And then just one other thing is going to drive profits as we work on trying to reduce our cycle times, we'll be able to order products or to close or consume the preferences for models, which that in turn at the end results and lower markdowns, fewer closeouts and higher margins.
Jim Duffy – Stifel Nicolaus: Is it fair to say that for years, you've been focus on managing the growth and maybe there's opportunity to dedicate more management time towards the cost side of the equation, which could benefit the margins on a go forward basis?
Angel Martinez: Let me address that. I think that as (inaudible) really has done part and partial with managing cost as well that's why we've maintained the operating margins at the level we have. I've benefited from having experience in a (inaudible) environment in my previous business career and learn the hard way that you have to pay attention to both at the same time. In this environment, it is very difficult to just drive growth and then expect that you'll e able to go back and fix all of the overlooked problems and overlooked opportunities because your organization at that point and the structure you've built may not even allow you that opportunity by then. So, you've got to sort of build it. It's a purpose built kind of structure that we have here, where cost is always a consideration and a major factor in how we're driving growth versus just blindly driving growth for growth sake.
Jim Duffy – Stifel Nicolaus: That makes a lot of sense. And then Angel, in the past, you've always highlighted that geographic opportunities within the U.S. for the UGG brand, how are you progressing towards executing on that opportunity? Do you have some proof points that that's working and have you found those marks to be receptive to the brand and embracing it?
Angel Martinez: Yes. Yes, I think a big part of it will have to be with diversity of the product line. We had initially a product that was more heavily perceived as a fall/winter product and (inaudible) so was driven by classic for the most part. We now have a much more diversified product offering. We knew when we had that, that we could diversify the geographic penetration, but we've had retailers across a variety of regions that Dillard's, for example, is one significant presence in the South of Southeast. They've step up with excellent presentation of UGG product and retail. And we've proven that the product sells through year round in those environments. So, that's been very, very helpful and the more success say at Dillard's has the more that influences the local independent specialty retailer as well as other department store competitor. So, it's been a well-orchestrated expansion geographically combined with very strategic expansion of the product line to facilitate that.
Jim Duffy – Stifel Nicolaus: Great. Thanks very much for taking my questions and best of luck into the second half.
Angel Martinez: Thank you.
Tom George: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Chi Lee with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Chi Lee – Morgan Stanley: Hi. Good afternoon, guys. Congratulations. Follow-up question on the 5 to 10% sort of cost outlook for the full year, how do you expect the cadence of those cost increases to go presumably right on decent visibility into the first of the year? But should we be expecting those cost increases to decline as we progress to the back half?
Angel Martinez: Yes just relative to that for next year. So just to confirm it for 2010 we're locked in, for spring of 2011 we're further locked in for the most part. For the back half of the year we are – that's the season, so that's where you're looking at some cost increases.
Chi Lee – Morgan Stanley: Okay, specific for the spring 2011 period, are we looking towards the higher end of that 5% to 10% range?
Angel Martinez: That 5% to 10% number was more different models, some higher volume models, but still you have to be determined really as we're finishing our 2011 planning process just what the next would be. So I'd like to sort of stick with the range.
Chi Lee – Morgan Stanley: Just a follow-up question to the tone of customers, are you seeing any differences between the toning of domestic retail partners versus your international distribution partners and domestically what you're seeing from some of the more independent specialty retailers.
Angel Martinez: Yes, from domestic versus international everything that I've read, our domestic retailers are a little more nervous than the international retailer has been. I think that we're starting to see expansion of that sort of nervousness in Europe but a brand like us is considered fairly – it's fairly premium, somewhat exclusive, not a lot of competition for price, it's a very desirable brand for retailers outside the United States. We're following the same method we followed here with selected distribution. So we've worked very hard to try to put a plan together and offer a product line that protects the margins for the retailers who want them to make money obviously. The other thing is that we're still relatively speaking up very penetrated in Europe and certainly in Japan. So we are something new something very different and there's one thing I hear from every retailer at every level we need new, we need fresh, we got to excite the consumer, you're giving us that and if you're giving us that we'll continue to grow with you and that's really been the exciting story of this spring and we think based on the lead we're getting for our line for the fall, we're going to get the same kind of enthusiasm.
Chi Lee – Morgan Stanley: My last question pertains to just e-commerce. It seems though e-commerce margins have seen about – it seems about five quarters of pressure. If it's about (flattish) profitability I think it's about six quarters. Can you talk about what the underlying drivers are of that pressure and when that could actually start to reverse?
Angel Martinez: Let me address part of it and then Tom can jump in. I think one of the things that we philosophically have always wanted to do with our e-commerce business is first of all provide an opportunity for consumers to educate themselves about the brands, all the brands and all the product lines. We've never looked at our e-commerce business as a vehicle to promote and compete directly with our retailers. Our philosophy was really almost to do e-commerce as a facility for the consumer to access our brands. We don't do any kind of promotional calendar on e-commerce. We're not every day with free freight and those are the tools that are conventional e-commerce retailer is getting to utilize every day. I mean free freight is a normal thing now and we don't offer it. So when we don't offer it the consumer educate themselves about our brand on the UGG website and then perhaps goes to zapples.com if they have it in stock and buys it from them. We've been okay with that. We think that the approach that we've taken has built our business, established a lot of really positive consumer insight about our product line and we don't really have any plan to get any more aggressive than we have been on that front. It's not part of our long term strategy.
Tom George: Just sort of to discuss a little bit more of the metrics and the dynamics, I mean one thing that we have been doing at our website as part of the effort expand awareness of the brand and drive even some business to our wholesale partners is we have been spending some more marketing money on the e-commerce as well as we're working on the backroom infrastructure so to speak in getting prepared to be able to have some higher velocity so to speak with e-commerce. So that is – it's more of an operating expense kind of some additional investments that have been causing it to get more like breakeven on a very low quarter, keep in mind second quarter is a very low quarter.
Angel Martinez: I will also add that if you take a look strategically at what we've been doing, we've been developing capability and capacity to reach our consumer, very important. The e-commerce division via retail, via our wholesale partners and the brand presentation and even shopping shops, that going forward, who knows that – I don't really – I can't predict – I don't crystal ball to know what the world of regular retail is going to do in the coming years. But I will say this that we are stronger than ever at reaching our consumer in every way that we need to and I think it positions us very nicely in that diversified approach. No matter what happens in the marketplace we're going to be able to reach our consumer and we'll be able to reach them in multiple ways and ways in which they want to be doing business with us.
Operator: Your next question is from Scott Krasik with BB&T Capital Markets.
Scott Krasik – BB&T Capital Markets: What's your comp assumption built into your Q3 and Q4 revenue guidance for your own stores?
Angel Martinez: Thanks Scott, good question. We haven't really – we don't give that level of granularity in our guidance but let me tell you last year our comps – our actual comps in the third quarter and fourth quarter I think to be exact the third quarter was like 31% and the fourth quarter was 29%. So we're up against very difficult comps in a very uncertain retail environment. So we're being cautious there but we don't want to – we're not going to give that level of granularity.
Scott Krasik – BB&T Capital Markets: What's the timing in opening the six stores in the US? Will those be early in the Q3 or –?
Angel Martinez: Most of them in Q4. I think there are a couple that sneak in to Q3, at the end of Q3. So Q3 is a quarter that you have a good amount of the employees, you're paying some rent, you're getting some store opening cost, you're getting some grand openings, you're incurring some G&A relative to very little sales contribution of any in the third quarter. So that's why the fourth quarter is bigger. And from a sales point of view historically the fourth quarter sales are at least a third roughly of the annual sales whereas the third quarter still relatively low.
Scott Krasik – BB&T Capital Markets: Have you run into issues with the inventory that your distributor has in the UK or the Benelux and what happens to that inventory over the next six or nine months or the retailer wants to be paid for or the distributor, how does that work?
Zohar Ziv: No and we haven't run into any issues. We had the conversion of the (inaudible) distributor and that hasn't been initiated at all. And the process which we are going through we really are not changing any of the ways how the distributor is buying the inventory. By the way, we are reviewing all the inventory buys that are done by the distributor. So there's really not a change in the methodology.
Scott Krasik – BB&T Capital Markets: So I guess that answers it. You're pleased with what he is selling to the retailers anyways.
Zohar Ziv: Yes, we've blessed it all. We're reviewing it and as Angel was mentioning we are managing the brand on a global basis. So we're making sure that both the distribution and globally is similar to the US both from the level of the quality of the retailers and the diversification of the products.
Scott Krasik – BB&T Capital Markets: The first few days of the Nordstrom Sales is always important. How did you guys do, were you up year-over-year, did it give you good reason on the fall?
Angel Martinez: Yes we are very happy with performance of the brand and the sale this year. I'd say we are not getting very specific as we intend not to do that, it's for Nordstrom to disclose. But I'd say our performance is consistent with where we were last year and we're very happy with that.
Scott Krasik – BB&T Capital Markets: The fashion items, it's a good read for fall.
Angel Martinez: Yes it is.
Operator: Our next question is from Maggie Gilliam with Gilliam & Co.
Maggie Gilliam – Gilliam & Co.: Yes I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on your plans for extending the international distribution and penetration such as e-commerce going into some new places. And also to what extent are you going to have to build inventories in the places for your – switching to a wholesale operation.
Angel Martinez: Well, from an e-commerce perspective our intension long term is to mirror the access consumers have to the brand to what we see in the US most developed market. So, you'll see a combination of retail, you'll see e-commerce, you'll see shop-in-shops and you'll see our wholesale, more broad based wholesale business, and that is facilitated obviously by a subsidiary environment we're operating which allows us to really control how we do that. From an inventory point of view in some of the markets we're involving and I mentioned Russia; again that's a distributor model there. The distributor plans the development of that brand. We review all of the orders that go into every market. We're satisfied with the rate of growth both spread and assortment of product and the quality of distribution than we have in any of those markets. So we don't see any deviation from the basic formula that has gotten us here and given us success in the UK for example. We're rolling that same idea out in Japan over the next few quarters we'll be able to give you more feedback on that but we don't see any reason to change our approach.
Maggie Gilliam – Gilliam & Co.: Okay, but I mean is there anything you can comment on as far as timing is concerned?
Angel Martinez: Well, other than what we've already disclosed, no. I'm a big believer in not having too many spinning plates up in the air at the same time like the Ed Sullivan Show, you remember that guy. I don't want to have those plates all come crashing on the floor. So I tend to make sure that we refine that approach in a given market and then move on to the next one. So you're not going to see us do five things all at one time putting at risk the potential for success. We're going to be methodical. We're boringly if there is such a word methodical in that sense and I think it works well right now.
Maggie Gilliam – Gilliam & Co.: Is there anything also to report on the licensing activities going into fall?
Angel Martinez: No, actually I would say it's the one thing we can report and we have been reducing the licenses out there over the last couple of years. The success of our license in cold weather accessories with the (inaudible) company has been extraordinary; they've done a wonderful job. As you know, we've been taking on the development and production of our own outerwear and we're very happy with the progress we've made there and continue to develop that idea and there really aren't any other areas where licensing is going to play a role.
Operator: Our next question is from Howard Tubin with RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: Any significant change into your marketing plans for the fall season this year versus for a switch you've done in the past or last fall season?
Angel Martinez: Well, it's a great question. We have a new senior head of marketing in the organization and her name is Jessica Buttimer. She is an exceptionally talented and experienced brand marketer, came to us from Clorox. And so the answer to the question in short is yes, there are going to be new initiatives begun. We have already begun consumer insight initiative worldwide that began actually early in the year. We have extracted, I think it was mentioned on the call, we have extracted a tremendous amount of insight already about our brand in particular and the opportunities we have from a demographic perspective to reach people. You'll see us get more aggressive about the men's business. We think that's a pretty significant opportunity. I think you'll see the beginning of some of that in the fall. I think you'll see us diversifying the marketing mix. We have a lot of opportunity with – I think it's close to 350,000 of fans on Facebook that have grown organically. We've really not orchestrated that. We don't drive that very well yet. You'll see us make a move in that direction to solidify that opportunity. So across the board we're just working at getting closer to our consumer and understanding what they want from all of our brands and then make sure that the product that we develop is consistent with those expectations, which – that's the basic blocking and tackling of marketing that I think we've done well so far but now we get to diversify into new markets with new consumer demographic profiles and I think that bodes well. To me that's an exciting part, you build the brand on a foundation and then you get to diversify into new areas; so marketing allows you to do that.
Operator: Our final question comes from Sean Naughton with Piper Jaffray.
Sean Naughton – Piper Jaffray: Clearly you guys have done a great job of getting the brand permission with your core female consumer to expand the UGG brand and new categories. And I think Angel you were just talking about some of the marketing initiatives you're doing to bring new people into the brand and to reconnect with the consumer. Can you talk a little bit about where the biggest opportunities are potentially outside of that in terms of cold weather accessories or in the men's business or are your retailers – retail partners now starting to ask for those types of products to extend into?
Angel Martinez: Well, you hit on two big ones; cold weather is something we've done extremely well with the last few seasons. If you ask any of our retailers, the number one response they'll give you is yes, I loved it, (inaudible) could not get anywhere near enough of it. So our idea is well, let's not just make more of it, anybody can do that; let's make a better product, let's make more compelling products, let's make products that functions better. So you're going to see an evolution of our cold weather product that is pretty exciting. It's still UGG and its core but it's going to be more technical. It's going to have a different level of appeal to a sophisticated consumer relies on that kind of product to be outdoors. As you can imagine, it's a little stretch of the imagination living in Santa Barbara but I did spend a lot of years in New England, so I have a (inaudible) cold wet feet. The other aspect on the men's side I think clearly an untapped potential there. Several years ago we started to put rubber bottoms on some of our men's slippers. We found that young men particularly were wearing those as the sort of winter flip-flop if you will and that has a lead us to a relationship with the consumer that is – I find it just tremendous. It's an extraordinary opportunity on the men's front. Men like UGG for different reasons than women do, but in the end they love it just as much. So we've been digging into the wires of that and we're ready to offer some wonderful product to address that as we move forward in the next few seasons. I got to tell you I get excited about a lot of things but that's one of the things I'm probably most excited about.
Sean Naughton – Piper Jaffray: On the shop-in-shops I don't know if I heard this number correctly, but 140 was that the number that you guys planned on doing this year and if that's true now where can we expect to start to see some of these shop-in-shops start to continue to show up?
Angel Martinez: Yes that was the number and that was both the domestic and an international number, about 290 is where we'll end up for the year. You'll see them at the better specialty retailers that have traditionally carried (inaudible) UGG, you'll see them at the major department store, leading department stores. You'll see them obviously dealers in Nordstrom in the United States for example, Galeries Lafayette in France and you'll see them all over the world. We have several in London.
Sean Naughton – Piper Jaffray: On the sourcing costs and clearly a hot button for most investors and it seems like management hands as well. How much was the headwind I guess if you could remind us that you are facing this year in the second quarter and then what you're up against for the second half of this year knowing that that product cost is already locked in but what were the increases you were seeing this year?
Zohar Ziv: Well, for this year, if you remember Sean we're locking price a year in advance. So for this year we really haven't seen much of price increases.
Sean Naughton – Piper Jaffray: Okay so that's pretty much flat for the entire year then?
Angel Martinez: Yes, pretty much let me remind you too that we've been anticipating changes in this area for quite a while. As you may recall at the beginning of 2009 we anticipated price increases that did not materialize and we're able to obviously, pocket some of that difference not knowing exactly when and I think the soft economy forestalled some of those price increases. But now with the economic environment proving somewhat and manufacturers certainly having to chase production and the nature of the changing workforce in China, you're going to start to see those increases spread to all brands, everybody producing anything in China. So this is not new on our radar screen, we've been anticipating this and we've been planning for it for quite a while.
Angel Martinez: Well, thank you all for joining us today. Again, we're really pleased by our recent performance. We are excited to head into our key selling season with a positive momentum that we have across our business. We really look forward to updating you on our progress when we report our third quarter results in late October. So thank you all.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q1  (2010-04-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Angel Martinez – President, Chairman and CEO Tom George – CFO Zohar Ziv – COO
Analysts: Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets Scott Krasik – BB&T Capital Markets Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird Sam Poser – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group Andrew Burns – Thomas Weisel Partners Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets Chi Lee – Morgan Stanley
Operator: Good afternoon ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation’s first quarter fiscal 2010 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) I would like to remind everyone this conference call is being recorded. Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor language. Please note that some of the information provided in this call will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These statements concern Deckers plans, expectations and objectives for future operations. The company cautions you that a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which maybe beyond its control, could cause Deckers actual results to differ materially from those described in this call. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in its SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the SEC. Among these risks is the fact that the company’s sales are highly sensitive to consumer preference, to general economic conditions, to the weather and the choice of its retailers to carry and promote its products. Deckers intends that all of its forward-looking statements in this call will be protected by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the Securities Act of 1933 as amended. Deckers is not obligated to update its forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of future events. I would now turn this conference over to the President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Angel Martinez. Please go ahead, sir.
Angel Martinez: Thank you operator and welcome to everyone joining us on the call today and listening via web cast. With me are Zohar Ziv, our Chief Operating Officer; and Tom George, our Chief Financial Officer. As you saw from our press release issued today, after the close the first quarter ended up being stronger than we anticipated. Particularly from an earnings perspective, diluted EPS increased approximately 47% to $1.37. That was also driven by another record first quarter for the UGG brand, with Q1 sales topping $100 million for the first time, combined with a very strong start for the year for the Teva brand. Our retail stores both domestically and overseas were key drivers of our Q1 results, highlighted by same-store sales growth of 28.2% during the quarter. We witnessed strong consumer demand for the UGG brand spring line, particularly boots like the Lo Pro, the Cardy and the Classics in spring colors. In addition, our new sneaker line led by the Avera [ph] performed extremely well. The arrival of warmer weather in March coincided with the introduction of UGG sandals and flip-flops in our stores, resulting in healthy sales over the past months. In addition, our eCommerce business was also above plan, and it was the combination of these two high margin businesses that drove the majority of the sales and earnings upside. Four years ago, as part of our growth strategy we made the decision to expand our retail distribution with our company owned UGG Australia stores. These results demonstrate clear evidence of the strong payback on this strategy. The performance of the UGG brand in our department specialty and independent store base has also been solid. The selection of spring products at our wholesale accounts is broader than a year ago, as retailers are getting more and more confidence with the UGG brand as a year-around brand. They are accepting a wider selection of styles, including sandals, casuals and our new sneaker collection, which as I mentioned has had a strong debut. We are just completing very extensive market research regarding UGG brand consumers. Our research in the US indicates that we have an expanding, diverse and loyal customer base, showing upside potential in all age groups. For example, 22% of females surveyed aged 13 to 54 stated they have not yet purchased UGG products, but are considering doing so in the future. Only approximately 20% to 25% of UGG consumers are between the age of 13 and 17. However, at the same time we have very well developed and loyal teen base with room for significant upside as evidenced by 40% of female teens responding that they definitely or probably will buy UGG products in the next 12 months. Given that once women have converted their purchase, they tend to repeat purchase and wear UGG products more often, our research has enthused us about the future growth opportunities. Building on this brand loyalty will be a key marketing focus in late 2010 and beyond. At the same time, our Teva brand delivered one of its best quarters in several years, as sales increased 21% from a year ago. Despite some very wet snowy conditions in January and February that negatively impacted early spring sales for much of the industry, the Teva brand experienced solid sales through key retailers such as REI, Nordstrom, and exporting it throughout the quarter with sales accelerating above plan in March. Over the past few years, we have gone from struggling to appeal to younger demographic groups for the Teva brand to the brand that is gaining market share. This progress has been achieved through our commitment to evolve the Teva brand beyond its authentic roots in the sport sandal category and to lessen the brand’s dependence on weather. This season's line is by far our most complete from top to bottom with diverse collections of both open and closed toe styles at a variety of price points. This year, we have a meaningful amount of quality close toe products for spring, versus just a handful last year, and in fact several have been some of our best performers year-to-date. Our enhanced merchandize assortment combined with updated point of sale materials is resulting in much better product placement at retail, and is helping the brand to establish a stronger more consistent presence across all channels of distribution that better reflect the Teva’s brands position as an outdoor industry leader. While the first quarter is typically the smallest volume quarter for our international division, the Teva business in Europe was up nicely on the strength of our expanded line of men's and women's closed toe footwear, after realizing the benefit of assuming the distribution of the products in the Benelux. We are also starting to gain better traction with the UGG brand spring business, particularly in Benelux, which currently sells the largest selection of spring products outside the United States. Our international wholesale distribution model is now in its second year in Japan, and we continue to be very pleased with our decision to convert the business from the distributor model. We are just starting this process with the Teva brand in the Benelux region and France, while at the same time building up an infrastructure to support larger wholesale operations in Europe beginning next year. We are excited about the long-term sales and earnings potential we believe converting from distributors to wholesale sales in select markets will provide the company in years to come. Tom will now go through the financials in more detail, then I will review our plans for the remainder of the year. Tom.
Tom George: Thanks Angel. For the first quarter of 2010 net sales increased 16.2% to $155.9 million versus $134.2 million for the first quarter of last year. Including sales from the whole sale division as well as retail and eCommerce businesses net sales of UGG products increased 14.2% to $104.4 million versus $91.4 million for the first quarter last year. Net sales of Teva products increased 21.4% to $43.2 million in the first quarter compared to $34.6 million in the same period of 2009. Combined net sales of the company's other brands were $8.4 million for the first quarter of 2010 compared to $7.3 million for the same period last year, a 15% increase over last year. Included in these numbers are global retail store sales of $23.1 million up 66.1% from $13.9 million in the first quarter of 2009, driven by five new stores and the same-stores sales increase of 28.2%. Sales for our eCommerce business, which are included in the brand sales numbers as well increased 13.8% to $18.4 million for the first quarter compared to $16.2 million for the same period a year ago. Most of the Q1 sales and earnings upside was driven by the retail stores and eCommerce, which at this early stage in the roll-out of stores is more difficult to predict than our prebooked wholesale business. In summary, on a combined basis total consumer direct sales, both retail and eCommerce combined for Q1 were 26.6% of sales compared to last year 22.4% of sales. Also included in the brand sales numbers, domestic sales for all brands increased 14.7% to $117 million compared to $102 million in the first quarter of last year and international sales increased 20.8% to $38.9 million compared to $32.2 million in Q1 2009. International sales were 25% of total sales up from 24% last year. Our gross margin for the current quarter improved 610 basis points to 50% compared to 43.9% in the first quarter of last year. This increase was attributable to the higher sales from our global retail and eCommerce businesses, which carry higher gross margins than our wholesale business, as well as improved product margins, including improved Teva, international margins resulting from being direct in the Benelux region. Total SG&A expenses for the quarter were $49.1 million or 31.5% of net sales compared to $39.6 million or 29.5% of net sales a year ago. In addition to variable SG&A cost increasing with increased sales, we had planned SG&A to increase in absolute dollars due to other factors including increased payroll and infrastructure costs, fixed costs related to five new retail stores opened this year versus last year and costs associated with our Teva distribution in Benelux, both the costs incurred within the distribution as well as the ongoing operating expenses. Operating income for the quarter was $28.8 million or 18.5% of sales compared to operating income of $19.3 million or 14.4% of sales last year. The improved operating margin was mainly attributable to the aforementioned gross margin increase more than offsetting the increased operating expenses associated with our retail and international growth initiatives. Interest income was $19,000 in the quarter compared to interest income of $0.6 million in the first quarter of last year, and the decrease was the result of significantly lower market interest rates versus the same period a year ago, as well as our decision to shift our cash equivalents and short-term investments to just highly liquid instruments. Net income for the first quarter of 2010 increased 45% to $17.9 million from net income of $12.3 million, and the first quarter diluted earnings per share increased 47.3% to $1.37, up from $0.93 in the first quarter of last year. Now, turning to the balance sheet, at March 31 our overall inventories increased 3.7% to a $68.8 million versus $66.4 million a year ago. A very favorable comparison given our sales grew 16.2%. By division UGG inventory increased 2.4% to $44.5 million, Teva inventory increased 24.3% to $18.7 million, and the other brand inventory decreased by $2.3 million. In addition, at March 31, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling $357.3 million, up 55.4% compared to $230 million of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments a year ago. Accounts receivable were $54.6 million, down 3.1% compared to $56.3 million at March 31, 2009. And although we did not repurchase stock during the first quarter we still have $30 million remaining on our repurchase authorization. Now moving to our outlook, based on our better than expected first quarter results coupled with an improved outlook, including increased sales projections for the UGG and Teva brands, we are raising our 2010 guidance. We now expect full year 2010 revenues to increase approximately 13% over 2009 levels, up from our previous guidance of approximately 11% growth. We now expect UGG brand sales to increase by approximately 11%, up from our previous expectation of 9%, and Teva brand sales to increase in the mid-20% range, up from our previous expectation for growth in the low 20% range. Our other brands combined are still expected to increase approximately 20%. We currently expect diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 11% over 2009 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $8.94 per share, which excluded pre-tax non-cash impairment charges of $1 million on intangible assets, as discussed in our related earnings release, up from previous guidance of approximately 5% growth. Our forecast is based on a fully gross margin of approximately 48% and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 26%. As a reminder, in preparation for transitioning to direct wholesale for the UGG, Teva, and Simple brands in the UK, and UGG and Simple brands distribution in the Benelux region in 2011, as well as Teva Benelux and France transition this year, we will incur additional expenses in 2010 for the new initiatives to establish the infrastructure necessary to support broader wholesale operations beginning in 2011. Also because of the transition, sales of approximately $10 million will shift to 2011 under our wholesale model that would have been recognized as international sales in November and December of 2010 under a distributor model. In total, these incremental expenses and profit shift of $8 million will have an estimated diluted earnings per share impact of $0.38 of which approximately 65% is a one-time impact. Furthermore, due to the impact on our international pre-tax income from the aforementioned expenses in 2010, our effective tax rate is expected to increase to approximately 37% from 36.2% in 2009. When you exclude the impact of these investments, we are guiding to strong earnings growth of 15%, well above the 11% sales guidance. The capital expenditures for 2010 are expected in total to be approximately $25 million to $30 million, a $10 million to $15 million increase from our ’09 level of $15 million, driven mainly by the build out of new retail stores as well as the new eCommerce platform and PLM software. For the second quarter of 2010 based on our current visibility, we expect revenues to increase approximately 25% and diluted earnings per share to be flat compared to the second quarter of 2009 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $0.26, which excluded pre-tax non-cash impairment charges of $1 million on a tangible asset as discussed in our related earnings release. Second-quarter guidance includes estimated estimates of approximately $1 million or $0.05 per diluted share of incremental investments associated with the international distribution transition, as well as higher levels of fixed overhead for new retail stores, international infrastructure and other general and administrative costs. This is being partially offset by improved gross margins due to higher retail mix, and improves brand wholesale margins compared to the second quarter of 2009. A significant portion of the company's operating expenses are fixed and spread evenly on an absolute dollar basis throughout each quarter, resulting in impact on earnings in the lowest volume sales quarter, which historically has been the second quarter. When you exclude the impact of the international distribution investments, we are guiding to 19% earnings growth for the second quarter. One final comment before I turn it back to Angel, given our current stock price trading range and in an effort to improve trading dynamics, including increased trading liquidity, we are currently planning a three for one stock split in June, subject to shareholder approval of an increase in our authorized shares at our May stockholder meeting. I will now turn the call back over to Angel.
Angel Martinez: Well, thanks Tom. On our year end conference call in February, we outlined how we plan to grow each of our brands this year, while also investing in the business for the long term. Let me quickly review these strategies and update you on our progress. For the UGG brand, the business currently falls into three primary areas, domestic wholesale, domestic consumer direct and international. Our domestic wholesale strategy is centered on driving higher productivity by expanding our floor and shelf space and increasing unit volume with our current account base of national department stores, specialty shops, regional chains and independents. We continue to have success in improving our presence with the majority of our accounts thanks to a much expanded UGG brand product offering for both spring and fall holiday. This spring, we have seen a strong consumer reaction to our diverse selection of boots, sandals and flip-flops, and as I said earlier the initial response to our new sneaker line has been very strong. We recently completed our fall pre-book process, and we are very pleased by the trends we are seeing in terms of the broad mix of products being ordered by our wholesale accounts. Early indications point to nice gains for our women's casual boots, including metropolitan, Soho, [ph] Surf and our cold weather collections for men and women, featuring Beaud's [ph], Adirondack II [ph] and Hilgards [ph]. We had solid growth in new categories such as our wood bottom claws [ph] and boots. And our sneaker collection featuring the Ryland, [ph] the Evera and our sneaker bottom boot, the delaine [ph]. We are excited about this new UGG sneaker collection, especially the opportunity for the fall and back-to-school season. As we have not had a viable sneaker product to properly address this large segment of the footwear market for now. Consumers will be presented with our most diverse line of UGG footwear ever in very compelling fashion, thanks to an even greater presence at retail this fall, including more than 110 Shop-in-Shops [ph], at key independent accounts in the US, up from 70 last year. This is in addition to the large in store displays that the majority of our national accounts such as Nordstrom, Bloomingdale's, Dillard's, and Lord & Taylor invest in for the fall and holiday selling season. Next, we plan to increase our company-owned retail locations by almost 50% with the planned opening of nine new UGG Australia stores this year. Six of these are planned in the US, with all but one of them in new cities. We have some really great locations lined up that we are excited to share with you on our next earnings call once the deal are finalized. We also plan to open three stores in China, two in Shanghai and one in Shenyang. Our retail stores continued to perform exceptionally well with quick cash paybacks, and extremely high internal rates of return, in addition to doing a fantastic job of presenting the brand and highlighting the lifestyle nature of the brand. The last piece for the UGG brand is international expansion. This year we are focused on working with our distributors to continue expanding the brand within their respective markets, by increasing the breath of styles that the retail customers carry. Growing within the existing accounts, including more than 100 new Shop-in-Shops and opening new points of distribution. We have seen very good success with our core product lines throughout parts of Europe and Asia, as well as in Canada. We are now looking forward to building on that momentum with the introduction of newer collections that have performed so well here in the US over the past few seasons. And at the same time, we are preparing for the roll-out of our wholesale distribution model next year in the UK and Benelux. These are the UGG brands top two international markets and each are planning for a strong fall season. So we believe we will be heading into the next year with a lot of momentum behind the brand and continue to develop the brand in these markets. Turning to the Teva brand, where strong first quarter has set the pace for what we believe to be a very promising year for the brand. This spring we have seen retailers once again embrace the Teva brand as a vital piece of their outdoor strategy. While the sell through performance underscores consumer reaction to our much expanded line of sports sandals, light hikers, amphibious products and casual footwear. Based on Teva’s early results, we head into the second quarter with good momentum and are well positioned to capture some meaningful fill-in business on top of our scheduled deliveries. In addition, the performance of our spring closed toe product, which came on top of solid full priced selling last fall, is fuelling better-than-expected orders for the back half of 2010. This fall, will feature updated looks from many of our top sellers like the Riva for men and the Dahlia for women. And there is a lot of excitement about our new MXT or mountain cross training collection of outdoor multisport footwear for men and women. The initial line consists of three styles with US price points between $90 and $130, and we believe the potential exists to expand this category into a sizeable year-around contributor to the Teva brands results. Overseas, we are witnessing similar trends for the Teva brand, where our closed toe products are also resonating very well with consumers, especially in Europe. Meanwhile, our conversion of wholesale from distributor sales in the Benelux region and France is going very well and is driving incremental sales and margins for the brand while creating new distribution opportunities throughout the region. Our growth prospects for fall appear promising, with most of our international distributors currently planning to do -- to double the size of their fall business from a year ago. As you can hear, there are a lot of positive things going on with the Teva brand right now. I want to take this opportunity to congratulate Peter Worley and his team for the work they have done over the past several years. The brand has come a long way in the five years since I joined the company in terms of product, positioning and relevance, and I'm confident that this is just the start of an exciting new chapter in a long and successful history as the Teva brand continues to move forward and become the leading innovator in the closed toe multisport category. With regard to our other brands, including Simple, Ahnu, and TSUBO the strategies are similar, improve the look and the quality of the product and build distribution. Specific to the Simple brand we put a greater emphasis on design, so consumers no longer have to opt for sustainability over style, which we believe will help the brand appeal to a much broader audience. The adjustments that we make and that we have made are having an immediate impact as domestic fall bookings are up 37.6%, thanks to a more focused and commercial product line. At the same time, spring sell through has been solid at several important accounts like Zappos.com, Nordstrom, and Journey's, which is also helping drive future orders. Equally important with inventory levels down approximately 32% from a year ago, we head into the Simple brands peak selling season in very good shape with fresh product and very little obsolescence. With the Ahnu brand, we are making good stride of getting in front of the brand’s target consumer active women in their mid-30s. Replacement in several key catalogs including Garnet Hill, Acacia, and Eddie Bauer. Not only is this helping drive sales, but it is providing great advertising for the brand. In addition to the catalog retailers, brick and mortar stores like REI, and e-commerce sites like Zappos.com are also responding favorably to the much improved quality and the fit that the Ahnu brand is now able to deliver. The TSUBO brand is also benefiting from better product quality and more focused collections. The spring line, while still relatively small has sold through better than expected at retail and is helping set the brand up nicely for fall, when many of the accounts that used to sell the TSUBO brand like Nordstrom and several key independents will again be carrying the line. As we announced on our last call, thanks to a strong operating performance for the past several years, we now have the financial flexibility to pursue a sizeable acquisition, the brand with an annual sales in the $100 million to $200 million range. While we don't have anything to update today, we will continue to evaluate the opportunities that we believe would make good financial and strategic sense to the company and its shareholders. Finally, we are pleased at the wRatings Corporation, a consumer-based equities research firm, announced today in its 2010 consumer goods rankings for the most competitive company. These rankings cover companies that manufacture products that deliver services for distribution to retail. We topped the list for mid-cap companies. This recognition provides further independent validation of our brand building and distribution strategies. If you like more on that research please go to the wRatings.com website. With that operator, we are now ready to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Our first question is from the line of Jeff Klinefelter with Piper Jaffray. Please go ahead.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Hi, congratulations everyone, a fantastic start to the year. Wanted to ask you a couple of questions, first on UGG. You mentioned, or I think Tom mentioned, the gross margins would be expected up for the balance of the year. A big part of that, the retail mix, but also some product margin improvement. Is that coming from sourcing improvements or sourcing leverage? Is that mix? Where are you seeing that and putting it in context with any sort of sourcing inflation that the industry might have been anticipating?
Angel Martinez: I think it is a combination of various factors Jeff. I think one of the things I mentioned is that we made an investment in PLM, which is product life cycle management software, and one of the key benefits of that going forward is that we should be able to be a lot more precise about the utilization of materials, the right materials in the right factories for the right constructions. So long-term we should see some benefit on the margins there. The other benefit of doing that is it allows us to spend more time getting it right with the consumer, and it can allow us to compress our actual product creation cycle giving us more time to be closer to the market. We really haven't seen much impact yet on any sort of pricing increases in raw materials, although we do anticipate that there will be some of that going forward next year.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Okay, there's two other quick things. I know a lot of questions today. On your UGG, given the very successful growth and evolution of that brand in the US, how are you thinking about that differently, if you are, for the UK and Benelux, as you take that direct in the next year in terms of rollout, number of points of distribution, retail versus wholesale? Anything strategically you've picked up on that will accelerate the brand growth over there? And then just lastly on Teva, do you feel like you're taken a lot of share in that business or is it your, and Pete's impression that that category is really starting to turn around nationally?
Angel Martinez: Well, let me start with Teva, I think we're taking share. I think the brand’s authenticity and heritage as a core outdoor brand, and the fact that it is performing well, the product is compelling, certainly much more useful customers in the target end responding to the product. So, yes, I think we're taking share. I also think that the category is coming to life. I think that retailers have gotten very smart about understanding the need to make the outdoor more useful definition for people. Everybody is working very hard to get that age-group appeal down from the mid-40s to the mid-30s and 20s. So over time I think we are just positioning very well to take advantage of new approaches in marketing by our retailers, and we want to be one of the lead brands in this new face of the outdoors. When it comes to UGG and rolling it out around the world, not just Europe, you know, those markets benefit tremendously from the insights we get in selling the line here in the US. Obviously, new introduction of sneakers that I was mentioning, the fashion product, new innovations with fabrications and materials, all of those things allow us to be more precise in the merchandising story around the world. That and the retail stores overseas give us a sense of what that local consumer expects from the brand. So the retail stores act as a great model for refining what the wholesale assortment needs to be as each season comes along. We become much better wholesalers because we have those retail stores.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Okay, great. Thank you. Congrats again.
Angel Martinez: Thank you Jeff.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Todd Slater with Lazard Capital. Please go ahead.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Thanks and congratulations to everyone, especially to Pete.
Angel Martinez: Yes, thank you Todd. I am sure Pete will appreciate that.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Well, just following on Jeff's question with respect to Teva, can you give us a sense of the profit outlook you have for this year and could the earnings growth, especially domestically, keep pace or exceed revenue growth?
Tom George: Yes, Todd this is Tom. Yes, given we do have the international distribution, we have been Benelux counter direct with Benelux, which has an operating margin improvement relative to dealing with a distributor. We are expecting some improved profitability, obviously improved profitability outlook for Teva in 2010.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Right, but if you exclude, that was my point about domestic. If you exclude the international, what's that look like? Are we also picking up some profit margin in that business domestically?
Tom George: Yes, we are.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Great. Okay, that is great. Just on the -- looking at the second quarter and the $0.25 number guidance, if we back out the international investments, the nickel or so earnings growth about 19%. That's well below the first quarter trend. So, I guess with the UGG and the Teva performing so well and I'm assuming the DTC, the direct-to-consumer likely to continue, increase in mix. Could you talk about what seems like a lot of conservatives in there, is there an Easter shift impact or something else in the gross margin or expense side that we should be aware of that we haven't factored, in addition to, the international investments?
Tom George: I think the thing to consider there is that we said on the call though the margin is up some because of some of the mix as well as being direct. With Teva there is a larger amount of SG&A we need to address this year compared to a year ago in the second quarter, one being five additional stores, net of being just traditional infrastructure relative to a year ago this time we have invested in. So that plays into what influences our guidance there right now.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: That's pure infrastructure in the smallest revenue quarter.
Tom George: Not, pure infrastructure. Remember, we have five new stores as well now in the second quarter of 2010 relative to a year ago.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Got it. So those five stores all come in Q2? One in 2Q?
Tom George: Yes.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. Terrific. Thanks very much and best of luck.
Tom George: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Scott Krasik with BB&T Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Scott Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Angel, have you gotten to the point now where you need to really start to segment what retailers get what UGG product because the line has grown so much? And could that have a beneficial impact on your margins going forward when you get there?
Angel Martinez: Well, we have always done that. Actually the process that we use in working with our retailer is more of a business management process. We are very selective as you know about which retailers carry UGG, but also in a given environment let us say a mall with say four or five retailers carrying the brand, we are very conscious of which product works in which retail environment. Not to have everybody all in a feeding frenzy over everything we make. Obviously, there is a fairly broad cross-section of retailers that carry the classic, and carry slippers plus the fashion product isn't for everybody. The sneakers, for example, are not for everybody. And so we have been managing this now pretty well for quite a while. Going forward I think the trend lines and the sell through at each retailer will allow us to be more intelligent about that. You know, we will able to dial in a retailers mix and assortment being very specific with their consumer and not every retailer obviously, has the same consumer target. So just in a broad-based example, our Nordstrom versus Journey’s you're going to have a very different mix in Nordstrom than you are going to have in Journey’s. And the more we learn about the Journey’s customer as distinct and separate from the Nordstrom customer, it is going to allow us to dial in that assortment in a much more precise way.
Scott Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. So, you're doing it already. And then, the other question is on the non-footwear component of UGG's, in terms of, growing those to be a bigger part of the business.
Angel Martinez: We are very excited about that. We think that the handbag business is an important part of our accessories growth area, which we think there is a natural affinity obviously between footwear, especially boots and bags. But beyond that, we think that the tests we have been doing in outerwear have been very successful so far. And we anticipate developing that to include more than outwear, and that will include knitwear, sweaters, and as you know, we have been doing a great job through our licensee with cold weather accessories. Those have become very, very popular in the winter selling season.
Scott Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets: Has non-footwear component has that hit the railing, is it meaningful at this point?
Angel Martinez: It is still evolving, still developing. You know, really that has kind of been us wanting to make sure we got the product right. We really feel confident going into this fall that we got the product dialed in where we want it to be, and you will see an ongoing improvement from a revenue perspective in these kind of accessory non-footwear products over the next few years.
Scott Krasik - BB&T Capital Markets: Okay, thanks. Good luck, guys.
Angel Martinez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Mitch Kummetz with Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird: Yes, thanks. Let me add my congratulations. Angel, can you just give us your quick thoughts on what's happening at retail right now? To what extent are retailers chasing and how are you reacting to that? It sounds like you've got some fill-in orders on Teva in the first quarter. Are you expecting that in the second quarter? Seems like your inventory is pretty well positioned in order to accommodate that. And is the fill-in opportunity really within Teva more than the other brands and is that kind of how you would view it over the balance of the year too?
Angel Martinez: I think on the Teva business they're in good shape with the right inventory this year, and in good shape with fill-ins through the balance of the spring and going into early summer. We are also in good shape on the simple brand with some fill-in business. Ahnu and TSUBO bought their inventories very close to orders. So more limited fill-in opportunity there. We're chasing it with those two brands because we are getting some good sell throughs. In general, the general thing I'm hearing from retailers is the improved environment. You know, a lot of people are chasing inventory, brands have become resurgent, you know, so it's important to have the right brands. The consumer has been out there. I think, just kind of got tired of not shopping, you know, I mean, American shop. This is what we do. So entertainment value being necessary shopping is the primary form. People are out there and they are looking for brands. It's pretty interesting. It has caught a lot of people by surprise because people are expecting a storm that would be you know, more intense deeper into this year. Maybe we are resurging you know, sort of a fall but we are getting good sell throughs in the spring.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird: Got it. And then speaking of the fall, I think you mentioned on the Simple business that your pre-books there are up 30%. I don't think you gave it for UGG and Teva. I don't know that you care too. But if you could just give us a little more color in how those two businesses are setting up for the back half in terms of the wholesale orders there?
Angel Martinez: Yes, we are very satisfied with the trends that we see. You know, it's really about as I said on the -- on my prepared comments, the spread in assortment of product with UGG. So you know, really looking at the presentation of the brands of the consumer, what we find especially through our own stores is that consumers love to see the assortment, and they are willing to try the brand for a non-classic product which is, and they are very satisfied, and they come back for more. So, you know, it's important for us to make sure that story gets translated to our wholesale customers. I'm very happy with the trend we are seeing in terms of those kinds of orders, non-classic orders. On the Simple side, we came up with a shoe called the BIO-D this year, and that's really what's -- it is that and the ecoSNEAKS are really driving the performance of the brands. So we feel you know, pretty comfortable. The Teva side, great strength in the fall closed toe product. That's been an exceptionally powerful insight we’ve had that the consumer is ready for a new brand in outdoors. And Teva as a heritage brand seems to be filling the bill, especially with the technical product we've got. Fall looks like it is setting up pretty nicely.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird: Okay. That's good to hear and lastly, a question for Tom. On the SG&A, your guidance is now for 26% of sales for the full year. I think coming off of Q4 you guys were seeing 25%. Given where the sales expectations are for the year, looks like you expect SG&A to be up maybe, looks like about $13 million more than what was in the guidance before. Could you tell us where that's coming from? Are you guys looking to spend a little bit more investing in the brands, just based on the strength you're seeing or is there anything else, any other bucket where you guys are looking to increase the spending?
Tom George: Mitch in terms of the guidance for the total year for SG&A, the 26%, I think that's where we were at, you know, the prior guidance we were at 26%. What drives it, you know, the SG&A year-over-year is relative to the direct distribution now in the Benelux for Teva. Now we have operating expenses there. You know, the addition of the stores, not only the ones weren’t at full-time last year but open up full-time this year plus the 10 new stores. So that, and then some more infrastructure, but for the most part it stores in international distribution that drives the SG&A year-over-year.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird: Got it. All right. Thanks, guys, good luck.
Operator: Our next question is from Sam Poser with Sterne, Agee. Please go ahead.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: Good afternoon. Can you hear me?
Tom George: It sounds like you're in the shower.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: Sorry about that. How are you? A couple of questions, number one, can you break out the international, the revenue, for the quarter please?
Tom George: Yes, hang on. International sales for the quarter were $38.9 million.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: Okay, great. Then with the Teva increase, how much of that can be attributed to the Benelux. I mean on sort of like how much of that increase could be attributed to the Benelux and, I guess, to France?
Tom George: Yes, approximately a third of the Teva increase is attributable to having a direct model now.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: Just in those two countries?
Tom George: Well, yes. Direct model just in those two countries, right.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: So, next year when you direct in the UK that theoretically could be very helpful as well? So we get some idea of how much power the conversion to these direct businesses have?
Angel Martinez: Well, you know, I think one of the things that's different from Benelux versus UK, we had a very strong distributor model, distributor operating in the Benelux with Teva doing a great job for a very long time. We did not have that in the UK. So the UK has got ways to go with the Teva brand. We know that the consumer is there. We know there is a market. We know there is great distribution. We know there is a solid outdoor industry there. So we've got some building to do, but we don't have as developed as Teva business to begin with in the UK that we had in Benelux.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: But when we look at, say, the UGG business which is very well developed in the Benelux and in the UK, we could expect to see that kind of acceleration or that kind of impact?
Angel Martinez: You know, obviously my -- we're pretty aggressive in how we want to grow the business. Yes, there is a market, there are great distributors, I mean there is great retailers. It's a competitive environment, probably a bit more competitive than the Benelux was. You know, brands, outdoor brands being highly evolved there. So, -- but yes we're certainly not being squeamish about setting aggressive plans.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: And the timetable for the new, for the stores would be, I guess, September, October like usual in the second, in the third quarter really?
Angel Martinez: We like to get them open in that quarter, yes.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: And you're just not talking about the cities as of yet, I gather?
Angel Martinez: No, we're still in the final stages of these negotiations. I would rather not talk about that yet.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: Okay. One last thing. Tom, when we're looking at the SG&A, I mean, what's the balance? Is really Q2 going to be the highest percentage of SG&A of any of the quarters, as we look at it?
Tom George: Yes. You know, Sam -- like we indicated with the guidance, with the revenues for the second quarter historically, the lowest revenue quarter there with a large amount of fixed overhead, fixed SG&A we have in place that's going to drive the highest SG&A as a percentage of sales.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: And I mean with that number, would pretty much almost be in line with the first quarter, I would guess? In actual dollars?
Tom George: You know, pretty reasonable there. You know, we -- pretty reasonable to assume that.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc: All right. Well continued success. Thank you.
Angel Martinez: Thanks Sam.
Tom George: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Chris Svezia with Susquehanna Financial. Please go ahead.
Chris Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group: Good afternoon everyone, and congratulations. I guess just on the Teva business for a moment. Angel, when you think about the improvement that you've seen and kind of right sizing the business, improving inventories, and you've mentioned, in the past there's always been an REI businesses has really been talked about. It's obviously one of the key retailers. You're obviously talking about some opportunities here at Dick's and what's going on there, and obviously mentioned Nordstrom as well. I guess, as you think about that business this year, can you just talk about door growth relative to just increasing penetration in existing doors? Just kind of how we should be looking at that?
Angel Martinez: Well, I think you are going to see door growth from all of those retailers with the brand performing the way it has been. You have to look at last year as was a true test year for Teva, even though the brand have been, you know, those have been our customers for a long time. We were down to what you might call a pilot flame, in terms of you know, growth. We needed to have some product sold through solid double digits, so we could have more open-to-buy, so we can get better foundation which is what we started this year with, and the performance of spring is yielding more door growth as we look into fall for the new fall product as well as you know, for spring ’11. So that's all great. Then there are other retailers like TSA, like Sports Authority where you know, they've been very -- they have been a good customer for a long time, but now we're starting to see great performance and sell through especially on the Mush product, and that's opening the door for a variety of other sandal opportunities, as well as the closed toe. And keep in mind we've also got closed toe for spring. So it isn't just closed toe for fall that is helping us. It's close toe for spring. I think it made a big difference this year because suddenly on a rainy day we are not out of business in the spring and that's important. We have product that will sell you know, in any environment.
Chris Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group: I'm not sure about this. But is Bass Pro, Cabela's, and Gander Mountain, places like, that play into --
Angel Martinez: That's right. Those are good growth opportunities for us. We've had excellent conversation with them and a lot of excitement over the direction of the brand.
Chris Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay, all right. And my other question is on the eCommerce business. I know first half, sort of until you got until about midway into the third quarter last year it was a tough business for various reasons. I'm just kind of curious, just remind us exactly what changes you've made to that business on the eCommerce platform. And you know you saw some nice growth here. Can we just extrapolate that that's pretty sustainable here at this point?
Zohar Ziv: Yes, Chris, I think this one, this is Zohar.
Chris Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group: Hi, Zohar.
Zohar Ziv: Hi, some of the things we've done, we have really, you know, focused into increasing both the visitor and the conversion rates into the site. For example we brought a new you know, marketing director and focused on the business to really how we drive more traffic to the site in conversion and that you know, playing a nice results according.
Chris Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay, all right, thank you very much and best of luck.
Angel Martinez: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Andrew Burns with Thomas Weisel. Please go ahead.
Andrew Burns - Thomas Weisel Partners: Hi, this is Andrew in for Jim Duffy [ph]. You mentioned UGG sneakers as an opportunity for back-to-school. Could you give us some color on the growth of this product line, in terms of, SKU's and distribution. It seems like there's opportunity to put the product in a lot of doors in fairly short order?
Angel Martinez: Well, I mean we are not going to put the sneakers in place as we wouldn't put other products. So it's not like you're going to see the sneakers in athletic specialty stores or necessarily, you know, outside of our normal distribution for UGG. What it gives us however, is unique and distinctive sneaker product that we haven't had in the past. You might, I mean, they're almost like dress sneakers, I guess you would say, and when you look at the price points that people are getting for sneakers, $150 to $160, you know, a mixed price UGG point very, very reasonable, $130, $120. We are -- look we have a high top, we've got a low top, we've got a slip on. There is, I think, in the men's three SKUs, I can't recall, I'm sorry how many SKUs we have in the women. A lot of color. It's just a fun new, very young, you know, statement that we are making in a quality way. So sell throughs never lie. So we are really happy with that.
Andrew Burns - Thomas Weisel Partners: Great, and last call you mentioned switching to a wholesale model versus distributor, in UK and Benelux, would have about a $40 million benefit to sales in 2011. With the improving back drop and your current business momentum, is it fair to say that the number might be larger looking at it here a few months later?
Tom George: Well, that would -- you know, we are not given 2011 guidance at this point in time but you know, what that $40 million number was sort of an apples and apples comparison of the lift we would get relative to our expectations at that point in time. So it is a function of what volume of business we do in 2011. So we’ll just have to see how that shapes out as time goes on.
Andrew Burns - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thanks, and last question can you break out the Simple brand revenue for the first quarter?
Angel Martinez: We are right now, you know, we sort of moved towards all the other brands other than Teva and UGG, other brands that we just do that together at this point in time.
Andrew Burns - Thomas Weisel Partners: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Howard Tubin with RBC Capital. Please go ahead.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks guys. Great quarter. Just a question on inventory, you've done a great job managing inventories. They're nice and lean. How should we think of inventory at the end of 2Q? Will it be up kind of in the 4% range again or should we expect it to increase a little bit more than that?
Angel Martinez: I think inventories that the end of the second quarter could be you know, could be, you know, in the ballpark to where they ended up relative to the comparison from the first or may be higher. Just have to see you know, how things go. As we mentioned on the call we are, really there's been a great concerted effort. We're seeing a lot of benefits of bringing in inventory closer to when we actually sell it to our customers. So, and I think net-net you know, it could be a similar comparison or maybe even slightly up.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Got it, thanks. Can you just remind us for the fall season, is your pricing pretty consistent this fall versus last fall?
Angel Martinez: Yes.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Great, thanks.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Omar Saad with Credit Suisse. Please go ahead. I'm sorry Mr. Saad disconnected. Our final question is from the line of Chi Lee with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good afternoon guys and congratulations, and I guess I just made it. Can we go back to the first quarter gross margin, because I understand qualitatively what drove the expansion, but can you help us better understand what the magnitude of each of those drivers were, between the direct to consumer mix shift, perhaps some organic gross margin improvement in the domestic wholesale business? Just trying to get a better understanding of that 600 basis point improvement.
Tom George: Right. This is Tom. I will give you some color on that. There were -- there was, part of it was relative to having direct distribution with Teva like you said part of it was the direct mix, and then there was improved margins and, you know, it splits relatively you know, equally. There is little bit, you know, let's say 1% to 2%, maybe relative to Teva and the direct mix is about 2% and then improved wholesale product margins is maybe too a little bit higher than that. So that’s sort of the split what drives that.
Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley: Okay, that's really helpful and I guess Tom, question for you just on the accounts receivables provisions. I mean, it seems this point last year you guys were still taking a lot of provisions for the receivables. Have you seen that trend reverse? In other words, are you starting to see somewhat of an earnings tail wind, as you perhaps, don't need to take those provisions and may even be reversing some of those at this point?
Tom George: Yes, I think you're correct. I mean, we've got you know, lot of improvement in the quality of our receivable base relative to a year ago. So we have been able to you know, cut back on some of our provisioning for bad debts.
Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great, and then just lastly, I wanted to clarify. Angel, I know you talked about certainly strengthening fall bookings for UGG, but I think last call you had mentioned that you were expecting domestic wholesale business to potentially be up in the mid single-digit range for UGG. Would you care to update us on where you think that business could be this year, given that you increased the guidance for the overall UGG business? Thanks.
Angel Martinez: Hi, we haven't broken out what we expect by brand, but I like the trends that we are seeing and I'd stay consistent with what I said last time. We anticipate because of new product introductions the ongoing momentum of boots in the marketplace and overall the amount of spread and assortment we’ve gotten at retail and ongoing, you know, growth in UGG business consistent with where we've been. You know, I don't really want to break it out anymore than that.
Chi Lee - Morgan Stanley: Okay, thank you.
Angel Martinez: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. I will then turn the call back over to management for any closing comments.
Angel Martinez: Well, again I want to thank you all for participating on the call. I want to send a note of congratulations and appreciation to our worldwide Deckers organization. I think you're seeing the results of an ongoing commitment to developing our team and increasing the amount of talent we bring into the organization and being intelligent about the investments we make to grow our business going forward. So, we look forward to the second quarter call. Thank you all very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-22 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Angel Martinez - President, Chairman and CEO Tom George - CFO Zohar Ziv - COO 
Analysts: Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research  Andrew Burns - Thomas Weisel Omar Saad - Credit Suisse
Operator: Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation Third Quarter Fiscal 2009 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would like to remind everyone that this call is being recorded. Before we begin, I would like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor language. Please note that some of the information provided in this call will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the security laws. These statements concern Deckers plans, expectations and objectives for future operations. The company cautions you that a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which maybe beyond its control, could cause Deckers actual results to differ materially from those described on this call. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the SEC. Among these risks is the fact that the company’s sales are highly sensitive to consumer preference, to general economic conditions, to the weather and to the choice of its customers to carry and promote its products. Deckers intends that all of its forward-looking statements in this call will be protected by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the Securities Act of 1933 as amended. Deckers is not obligated to update its forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of future events. I would now like to turn the conference over to the President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Angel Martinez. Please go ahead, sir.
Angel Martinez: Thank you operator and welcome to everyone joining on this call today and listening via the web. With me are Zohar Ziv , our chief operating officer; and Tom George, our recently appointed Chief Financial Officer. Today after the close of the market, we reported very solid third quarter results, highlighted by sales and earnings growth that exceeded expectations. This earnings release can be found on our website at deckers.com. In addition to our better than expected financial performance, there were several operational highlights that gave us confidence of the strategies that we are implementing to evolve the product lines, broaden our growth opportunities and expand the market positions for all our brands succeed. Sales for the quarter rose approximately $31 million or 16% to $228.4 million compared to the third quarter of 2008. This was slightly ahead of previous guidance due to higher demand for the fall UGG line. At the same time diluted earnings per share for the quarter rose 32% to $2.59 versus a $1.97 a year ago above our guidance. The third quarter diluted EPS was up approximately 10% over last year. The earnings upside was driven by the higher sales, as well as roughly $5million less in operating expense versus our guidance, roughly $3 million of permanent realized savings, and the remaining $2 million of marketing programs that we postponed until the fourth quarter.  The UGG brands fall retail sales were led by our new Baily Button boots in our Classic collection. At the same time we were experiencing strong sell-through from our core classic products, our entire knit collection, our fashion collection and our cold weather and casual collections. New styles such as the Classic Argyle, [Abby] and the Highkoo are helping to have our third quarter retail performance as well.  Over the last several seasons we have continually developed new and compelling styles that diversify our merchandize assortments in an effort to attract new consumers to the brand, as well as to create repeat purchase from existing customers. I think a good example of our success is the Knit collection collection. First launched back in 2006, the Crochet boot has since evolved into a collection of styles that are performing very well led by the Cardy, which was introduced in 2007 and newer versions featured for the first time this year like the Classic Argyle and the striped cable net]. Based on response to several of our new introductions we believe there are meaningful market share opportunities to the UGG brand and we are confident that we can continue to develop new growth vehicles to compliment our core business.  Domestically in the last four weeks the brand has come on very strong at retail. The movement of the calendar in the fall along with cooler weather has motivated the consumer. Currently the most explosive business is in the mid-Atlantic tri-state and New England area and in the Mid-West. We are seeing strong increases in the Pacific North West, the Rocky Mountains and are hearing good reports from the South as well. We are seeing sales pick up in Southern and Northern California. In the South West, we are seeing relatively flat business to last year, with some customers reporting moderate gain. Now based on past season, this area is specifically is the last to report strong sales increase. Lastly our business in Hawaii is exceptionally strong, in addition to our great opening of our newest flagship store in Waikiki, other major customers with business in Hawaii are reporting big increases in sales compared to last year. Internationally the UGG brand has big opportunities to grow. We are seeing solid growth in our foreign market, led by the UK, Benelux and in Canada. Reaction to a much broader follow-ups has been very positive, and the branch performance overseas is somewhat reminiscent to what we experienced with the UGG brand in the US, a few years ago. Success we’re having this fall is providing important momentum for the brand as we are head into the holiday season, as well as next year, when we will be introducing the spring collection in several countries. With regard to our transition to a directed city area in Japan that process is going smoothly. Japan is long been a strong market for luxury brands, and we are confident that under our direct control, we can significantly expand the brand’s penetration and increase sales volume. As we discussed in our last call after an expensive remodel, we reopened the UGG store in Tokyo that had been owned by the brand’s former distributors. The store has done very well since we took it over, which we believe is a good indicator of the opportunities that exist with the brand under our direction. 2009 marked the second year of the Teva fall lines and for this season, we made a number of adjustments in the collection and presented a much tighter line compared with a year ago. This fall we featured a greater number of technical product including a collection of light hikers led by the [Weave] for men and the Dahlia for women that have sold through very well and have become our most successful closed toe shoes today. The performance of these have particularly given a $130 and above price point in the case of consumer of Teva as more than just sandal brand and has proved that there is a closed toe fall business for Teva Light hikers and multisport footwear is very large year-on category and a big opportunity for Teva. So we are encouraged by our recent performance and are excited about the positive response to the extended line for spring 2010 Now with the shift to more technical products and less emphasis on rugged casuals we did not have the lower price points to drive volume this fall which is reflected in our top line results. However, while our sell-in was down versus a year ago, sell-through with key account REI and EMS was much better. We are optimistic about first establishing Teva in upper tier or best category, we will be more successful in penetrating the broader market next year when we have more a complete line with a wider of variety of Teva end price points. As we anticipated Simple sales were below last year for the third quarter primarily due to the launch of Planet Walkers in 2008. The brand also continues to be impacted by the challenging retail environment and buyers reluctance to place any significant future orders. However, our retail sell-through has been very positive, led by ecoSNEAKS at Nordstrom and Journeys our two top customers. In addition we witnessed meaningful increases in our e-Commerce business and the brand continues to perform well on the internet sites and other internet sites such as [apperts.com].  During the third quarter we previewed Simple newest collection BIO-D. The reactions to this line of biodegradable midsoles and outsoles and our sneakers and Flip Flops has been excellent. We are excited about the potential of the new and the compelling message. Our BIO-D collection uses a new product called EcoPure. That reduces the time it takes for rubber and plastic soles to decompose down to roughly 20 years from a 1000 years. BIO-D collection is a great compliment to the ecoSNEAKS and should further strengthen the Simple brands position as the leader in sustainable footwear. No on to other brands. While it continues to be a challenging sales environment for our smaller brands, there have been some strategic highlight worth noting.  First with the Ahnu brand. We’re going to see significant improvement in product quality, namely consistency and fit since we transitioned their sourcing and manufacturing to our platform earlier this year. This improvement hasn’t gone unnoticed by retailers and led to improved at key account like, REI and Eddie Bauer. This also provided new distribution opportunities including a for the door test with Dillard’s this spring and the inclusion of a [handful 1000] in Harrington Catalogue for the holiday season, which goes to approximately 19 million household and features many of the top brands, that cater to a variety of consumer activities. Now they’re known in the industry for only carrying superior quality items. So not only is this great sales opportunity and exposure opportunity to the Ahnu brand, its also real testament to the operational challenges and changes that we have implemented in a few short months. TSUBO is a brand still in transgression and we are not where had hoped to be at this point. As a result we made adjustment to the product line and have restructured the sales force, which should began to yield positive benefits starting next year. For 2010 the product lines are much more focused, we have consolidated the collections and putting more resources behind a few key items. The new lines also carry more assessable opening price points compared to this year.  Our restructured sales force is already delivering wins. We have commitments from Nordstrom in Southern California and the Northeast for spring, after having no sales to them in 2009. We are also making inroads with numerous influential retailers across the country such as Shoe Biz in San Francisco, [Hanigs] in Chicago, The Tannery in Boston and Benjamin Lovell in Philadelphia. These retailers are re-launching the our TSUBO brand after having being dormant for quite sometime. As we think about the next year our primary focus for both Ahnu and TSUBO brand will be on evolving and refining the merchandise assortment and selectively building the right distribution for the long-term.  I will now turn over to Tom to review the financials. Tom?
Tom George:  Thanks Angel. For the third quarter of 2009 net sales increased 15.8% to $228.4 million, up from a $197.3 million for the third quarter of last year. Including sales from the whole sale division as well as the consumer direct business our net sales of UGG products increased 19.1% to $202.8 million, up from an $178.7 million for the third quarter of UGG last year.  Net sales of Teva products decreased to 19.5% to $9 million in the third quarter compared to $11.2 million in the same period of 2008.  Simple brands net sales decreased 31.4% to $3.5 million for the quarter versus $5.2 million in the same period last year. Combined net sales for the company's other brands, which were acquired in 2008 and 2009 were $3.1 million for the third quarter of 2009. Included in these numbers are global retail sales for all brands of $12.3 million up a 128.3% from $5.4 million in the third quarter of 2008, driven by two new stores and the same-stores sales increase of 31.1%.  Sales for our eCommerce business which are included in the brand sales numbers as well decreased 21.2% to $8.4 million for the third quarter compared to $10.6 million for the same period a year ago. Decreased eCommerce sales resulted from more second quarter back orders carried into and shipped in the third quarter of ‘08 and 2009 for the UGG brand and decline in our conversion rates for all brands.  Also included in the brands sales numbers, domestic sales for all brands increased 10.3% to $179 million compared to $162.3 million in the third quarter of last year and in international sales increased 41.1% to $49.4 million compared to $35 million in 2008. International sales were 21.6% of total sales in the third quarter.  Our gross margin for the current quarter was 42.9% compared to 43.3% in the third quarter of last year and this decline was primarily due to lower margins in the Teva, Simple and TSUBO brands compared to the prior year, due to higher mark down and close outs due to the difficult retail environment. Total SG&A expenses for the quarter were $44.9 million or 19.6% of net sales compared to $42.3 million or 21.4% of net sales a year ago. The planned increase SG&A in absolute dollars resulted primarily from increase in payroll, marketing and other sell expenses and eight new retail stores that were not opened in the third quarter of last year.  The lower SG&A expense versus our guidance from $5 million was composed of $3 million of permanent savings and $2 million of expenses postponed into the fourth quarter. Approximately, half of the permanent savings were due to lower than expected sales and marketing expenses and the remainder was a result more efficient global distribution and lower warehousing cost and lower than expected G&A expenses, including settlement from our intellectual property enforcement efforts. The $2 million of postponed expenses consist of mostly selling and marketing expenses to support our significant Q4 sales season. Operating income was $53.1 million or 23.2% of sales compared to $43.1 million or 21.8% of sales last year. Improved operating margin was mainly attributable to sales growth driving improved leverage on operating expenses. Interest income was approximately $0.1 million in the third quarter compared to last year’s third quarter interest income of $0.5 million. This decrease was a result of our decision to shift a greater percentage of our cash equivalents and short-term investments to safer and more liquid lower yielding investments in government securities, as well as lower market interest rates versus the same period a year ago. Our effective tax rate for the year is now expected to be 37%, down from our previous estimate of 38%, as a result in an increased mix of international sales and profits that are taxed at lower rates. Year-to-date nine month change resulting from the revised effective tax rate resulted in a tax rate for the third quarter to be only 36.5%. Net income and diluted earnings per share for the third quarter of 2009 increased 30% and 31.5% respectively over the third quarter of ’08. The 2009 net income was $33.8 million or $2.59 per diluted share compared to $26 million or $1.97 per diluted share in the third quarter of last year. Now, turning to the balance sheet, at the end of the quarter our overall inventories increased 18.9% to a $187.8 million versus a $157.9 million a year ago. For the division UGG inventories increased to over 30% to $174.9 million, and Teva inventories decreased 55.6% to $7 million and Simple inventories decreased 40.9% to 3.5 million while the other brand inventories made $0.4 four million of the net increase. Increase in UGG inventories supports the increase on holiday orders currently on our order books for shipments in the fourth quarter. In addition the expansion of our global retail division contributed approximately $9 million to the total increase. We feel very comfortable with our current inventory levels as we are heading into our largest sales quarter. In addition, at September 30, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaling $125.6 million compared to $67.9 million a year ago and accounts receivable were $112.9 million relatively flats to $113 million a year ago. During the third quarter of '09, we repurchased approximately 300,000 shares of our stock for a total purchase price of $20 million, under the $50 million stock repurchase programs our Board authorized in June of this year. Now with regards to our outlook. Based upon the UGG brands third quarter performance coupled with looking increased visibility into the fourth quarter, we are raising our full year revenue outlook. We now expect our full year revenue to increase approximately 13% over 2008, up from our previous guidance of approximately 9% to 10%. We now UGG brand sales to increase approximately 17%, up from our previous expectation of approximately 12% to 13%. For the Teva brand we still expect sales to be down around about 1% and we now expect Simple brand sales to decrease approximately 19%, down from our previous guidance of approximately 5% to 8% and other brands sales should be approximately $8 to $10 million.  Now the earnings for full year, we now expect our non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which excludes non-cash write-downs of intangible assets as detailed in our current earnings release to increase approximately 9% over the $7.27 of non-GAAP diluted earnings per share in 2008, which included the non-cash write-down of intangible assets as discussed in our fiscal year 2008 earnings release. This is up from our previous expectation to remain flat to slightly up. This guidance is based on an anticipated diluted share count of approximately 13.1 million shares  Our guidance also assumes a gross profit margin of approximately 44.3% in 2009, flat to the 44.3% in 2008 and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 23.4%, down from the prior guidance of 24.5%. For the fourth quarter we now expect revenues to increase approximately 4% and non-GAAP diluted earnings per share, which exclude the non-cash write-down of intangible assets to increase approximately 5%, compared to the non-GAAP diluted earnings per share for the fourth quarter of 2008, which exclude the non-cash write-down of intangible assets as discussed in our fiscal year ’08 earnings release. This compares to our previous guidance for sale to decrease slightly and non-GAAP diluted EPS to decrease approximately 4%. The guidance based on anticipated weighted average outstanding share count of approximately $13 million for Q4 Or guidance also assumes a gross profit margin of approximately 47%, down slightly from the previous guidance of 47.5%, while guidance for SG&A as a percentage of sales is approximately 19.3%, also down slightly from the prior guidance. The total year fourth quarter guidance assumes a revised effective tax rate of 37%.  Now I’ll turn the call back to our Angel for some closing remarks.
Angel Martinez : Well thanks Tom’s. We’re very pleased with our third quarter and nine months results. In light of the number of challenges facing our industry and economy as a whole, I am very proud of our ability to continually execute at a very high level. Additionally, I like to congratulate Connie Rishwain and the rest of the UGG team for achieving the highest Q3 sales in the brands history, an exceptional effort and a great job. As Tom, just mentioned, we are raising our fourth quarter guidance. This is being driven by strong retail sell-through and the lower than forecasted cancellation rate. We especially pleased with the demonstration of commitment to our brands by consumers during these time of more discriminating spending. As usual, we won’t be commenting on 2010 specifically, until we complete our budgeting and forecasting processes and report our year end results in February. We are however encouraged by our prospects for spring based how we’re today particularly in the knit products, the flair flick-flop, our slippers and cold weather products, specially early in the quarter, in the first quarter. With Teva we’re building on the success of our light hikers this fall to expand the brands penetration to the outdoor footwear category. While infusing the line with more compelling open toe styles to capitalize on the market share gains we made this year. We’re seeing increased commitment throughout our account base including outdoor specialty stores like REI and EMS, sporting goods retailers like Dick's and TSA, department stores such as Dillard's and Nordstrom and new distribution with [Glamour] and various regional independents. As I mentioned earlier spring will feature the debut of BIO -D, the Simple brands newest collection as well as updated style from ecoSNEAKS and Green Toe. In the distribution front, we’re adding additional doors of Nordstrom and Journey's while at the same time increasing our shelf space with these accounts. With regard to our own retail stores, we opened an outlet store in Palm Springs and an UGG Australia concept store in Manchester, England during the month of September and last week we opened another concept store in Honolulu. By the end of the year, we planned to open an outlet store in the UK as well. Our initial plans for retail next year include further expansion in Asia. In 2010, we will continue our international wholesale expansion as we move towards goal of having 30% of total sales come from outside the US by 2012. On top of opening new markets for UGG or Teva and the Simple brand, next year we will be taking over the Teva Benelux business as part of our long-term strategy of transitioning the subsidiary direct sales model in selected markets. We intend to advance our international distribution strategy, when to make sense for the company to sell directly to our wholesale accounts in certain markets. Obviously there are additional expenses in delayed revenue recognition associated with the transition of direct sales model, but the long-term sales and gross margin benefits of going direct should far outweigh those short-term impacts and provides us a significant earning power in the years ahead. We'll discuss this further when we report our year-end results in February. As I think about the future, I'm very excited about what lies ahead for our company. The products are evolving and continuing to get better. We are becoming more and more important to our retail partners as consumers seek out our brands and our team is doing a great job of developing the infrastructure and managing the cost side of the business. Everyone here is committed to building in our current momentum and fully capitalizing on the many global opportunities that exist going forward. Operator, we are now ready to take questions 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question is from Mitch Kummetz of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed with your question.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird: Angel, could you just generate comments on retailers under inventory in UGG right now. Are they chasing and to what extend can you accommodate them in the chase? Do you have much open stock inventory or any reliability at this point to chase production on your end in order to may be get the more product before year-end?
Angel Martinez:  I was having a conversation with someone earlier and had to remind them that Q3 ended on September 30. The time since September 30, our indications are that there has been some pretty significant activity of retail which has perhaps also curved little bit. So we’re seeing a lot of excitement of our products. We are in position to chase pretty aggressively and we will obviously do everything we possibly can. I suspect that there are quite of few retailers who perhaps a little earlier in the year cancelled some orders if they wish to have cancelled and those products are sold. We are scrambling as well and I’m feeling pretty bullish about it. 
Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird: You made a couple of comments in your remarks. One, I think you said spring UGG to several countries next year, could you elaborate on that?
Angel Martinez: Greece, for example, those are smaller countries where the brand really is just kicking off. There are some countries for example, Germany which had been evolving the product line over the last several seasons and that’s a fairly new distributor and as these distributers build their models, they built it on core products. So they have been very delicate in how much of the line they could afford to bring in. So across the board, we’ve had great response to spring line and we are going to begin to see the impact of the expanded product line across most of the international markets.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird: You made some favorable comments about the reception to spring across Teva and Simple, I mean, are you prepared to say whether or not your spring orders are up in those brands compared to last year?
Angel Martinez: We really don’t talk about that, but I will say that if we’ve had some very strong reception to the knits, the Cardy, the Argyle, the [stripe] knit on the UGG side. The Bailey Button has been in colors for spring and has been very strong. We have got a sneaker collection for women in the UGG brand that’s been very well received. On the Teva side, various clothes, footwear now for spring that we didn’t have in previous seasons. We’ve also got a couple of new ideas, apart sleeve and the sandal world and BIO-D is something that we got a great response to in and pretty excited about that coming in the Spring.  So I have to say that I am feeling very positive about the reception to spring. I haven’t seen a reception across the Board to our spring collection like this since I have been here. 
Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird: Lastly, you mentioned in your closing remarks that you are taking over distribution in the Benelux, I think you said for Teva. Could you elaborate on how you expect that to transpire? How are you setting up your own operations and what’s the timing of that?
Zohar Ziv: Mitch, this is Zohar. I’ll take that one. As we indicated, we are going to take over the distribution in the beginning of 2010, and initially the transition is going to be that we are working with the distributor to accommodate the transition and over the next year, we will be building up in transition to infrastructure into the Deckers Europe’s operations. We’ve been over the last year or so, building a team in your Deckers Europe exist currently, it’s robust operations. We’ve got great talent pool there, and so I think it will be a very smooth transition through our own organization, not only this distributor but others potentially in a transition as well.  
Operator: Our next question is from Todd Slater of Lazard Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Last quarter you said that your fourth quarter plan conservatively assumed no increase in reorders compared to last year’s pretty depressed level. I am wondering if you can tell how your re-order or your chase assumptions have changed, you said, just now that you are scrambling and you are optimistic. How is that changed? What’s assumed in your new upwardly for fourth quarter revenue guidance?
Zohar Ziv: Well as we said before we were anticipating cancellations in the third and fourth quarter. We haven’t seen cancellations. The people who did cancel early may be in second quarter, as I said earlier they kind of were looking to get those products back in the queue. So that’s a big factor right there, because we were been pretty conservative and assuming a worst and hoping for the best, but obviously the situation has far improved from that.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Usually you have some product staged or you said that all of your inventories is spoken for or most of it, how much is left for or how much of increase in your fourth quarter assumptions is driven by some, is it all driven by just less cancellation than you assumed or its your fair assumption in reorders.
Angel Martinez: Well you know for fact that we don’t have access to any more productions for the year. So at this time of the year its always a bit of [craft here] in terms of how much inventory do we back up, particularly around our core product, ticking on Classics for example and other core items in the UGG line. This year we’ve done that and we’ve taken our best guess and at some point we are going to run out of products. I hope that it continues to be, the demand continues to be as strong as it is. I think that’s probably in this year in 2009, not a bad situation to have run out of product. That’s something that lot of folks would love to have happened in other businesses. I think we’ve got as best, as we can sort of plan, a pretty good mix of product available in the core stores to fill-in, but again if the trends continue we could have both.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Okay and just lastly and then I’ll let others get on it. Your increase in the earnings guidance for 4Q was, looks primarily driven by revenue and by expense leverage improvement? If gross margin piece was down 50 basis points from before, obviously international continues to grow in mix and that’s probably a lower margin business, what else if anything should we read into that, the gross margin piece?
Tom George:
 :
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets:  Okay and the stores with a 31% comp, I mean that’s obviously a positive gross margin driver?
Tom George:  Yes, absolutely.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets:  So that should be bigger contributor to the fourth quarter I would assume?
Tom George:  Good assumption.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephanie Wissink of Piper Jaffray.
Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray:
 : You have given us a goal of 30% but when I look at your year-to-date figures its almost near that point. So is 30% a stop point or is there a willingness to extend beyond that percentage and if so, what would the key markets of opportunity for that? Thanks.
Angel Martinez:  Okay, reorders. Right now I just said as we are scrambling to fill customers needs and the warehouse is very-very busy and we are doing the very best we can to fill what we possibly can with the manner we have. So that's really all I can say there. It's a crazy time right now. As far as the international business 30% that's not a stop point. There are big opportunities in markets like the UK, where we really feel that the brand is still very underdeveloped. Then Japan, Japan has a market that just judging from the response that we have in Honolulu to our product, not only in the stores we just opened but in other retailers. A large percentage of those consumers are Japanese tourists.  We know from our store in Tokyo that the demand is much greater than we've been anticipating in the last few years and the previous relationship that we had. So there is a strong upside in Japan. Those two markets alone, particularly as strong footwear market as they are and in the case of Japan, has a luxury market as well, yield real significant upside opportunity. We've just got to make sure that our organization is prepared to manage the brand appropriately, managed distribution appropriately and continue the consistency that we've had so far in rolling the brand out around the world, but we are very bullish on this opportunities.
Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray:  Okay, I have just one clarification on your comments regarding scrambling for the reorders. Would you qualify your reorder levels at this point in the season to be higher than what they were last year or is that an effect of just having a lower inventory balance overall? 
Angel Martinez:  Well last year were strange. Last year we had a real sell off on December 1st or last right after Thanksgiving. The current rate is probably stronger than that. There’s probably more confidence from the retailer about our brand. So it’s a very strong indicator, for example, so then like I said we are scrambling.
Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray: Okay last one perhaps. I guess just related to your eCommerce business and can you give us a sense of that additional $9million of inventory, I think you allocated towards your direct retail. If you could just help clarify some of those shifts last year and then the increase in inventory related to the stores. Thanks Ziv.
Tom George:  Yes I think we pointed out on the call that we made it with increase in our stores and we will update stores this year compared to the prior years. So as result that you have to invest in inventory open a store. So that we have about $9million of additional retail inventory globally now related to opening stores around the world. 
Stephanie Wissink - Piper Jaffray: Okay and the eCommerce. I knew you talked a little bit about conversion, any initiative there to improve conversion rate?
Zohar Ziv: Yes. Our eCommerce business has been a down compared to prior year which by the way we have seen similar trend in other eCommerce side we are carrying out are the UGG brand, but what we have seen in the last couple of weeks, we have really seen a turnaround and that’s what was Tom was alluding when he was a talking about the margin. We have really seen improvement and if that trend will continue there will some upside potential both on the top line and the gross profit margin for the business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sam Poser of Sterne, Agee.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee: I just want to clarify some things on your guidance versus your inventory levels. I’ve already been getting calls, people are concerned their inventory levels are high and personally I have not. However, guidance versus your inventory levels still looks fairly light, especially given that you are chasing the business and over the last few years, you virtually sold the entire inventory you’ve had and if you take cost of goods, those are clean number for comparison. You basically liquidated the entire inventory you’ve had, but right now, which released tremendous upside especially given as you put at the wheels falling off at the beginning of December last year. I mean with chasing it, given the inventory level, how much of that inventory is spring versus fall? How much opportunity is there on top of that given the 30% increase in the UGG?
Tom George: Sam, this is Tom. I am going to address the inventory first. I think going through the inventory, as Angel mentioned, we are in a really good inventory position in terms of what product we have available, the faster moving product and you don’t sell inventory down to zero. You always have to have certain amount of inventory on hands, especially when you have a retail that you should have retail in stores as well, so you never sell down the inventory to zero. I think we’ve got the appropriate inventory levels and the sufficient inventory to support our current forecast.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee: Last year you had a $157 million going into the quarter. You had a $166 million in cost to goods sold, so you got $180 million going in right now, 190 million almost. Should we be looking at sales in that? It’s up on that cost to goods range just based on the history which has happened literally last four years 
Tom George: We do have some receipts of additional products coming in the fourth quarter.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee: I am not saying you are going to end at zero. You probably end at around 80 million or some thing like that if this is the quarter where if you are chasing right now, it just seems like that the guidance is fairly conservative, could we go there?
Tom George: Sam, as we have indicated there are upside potentials. When we gave guidance last quarter where we were conservative as regard to a consolations as the quarter have proceed and we are not seeing any cancellation, so right now in our guidance there are no assumptions as to cancellations. We still have credit issues. We have customers that want the product, but they are on credit hold with us just because they are credit concerned. Additionally you have our consumer direct business, which is both the combination of eCommerce and our retail stores. As we indicated when we did the projection our eCommerce business was down. So if the trend of eCommerce will continue as we’re seeing the last few weeks and they trend in the stores, you will have an upside potential and we will have the inventory to be support it.
Sam Poser - Sterne, Agee: Two other question, number one, could you give us break up by group of wholesale, retail eCommerce by divisions, for UGG, Teva and Simple?
Tom George: We are not going to give it until we release in the Q. 
Operator:  Our next question is from Howard Tubin of RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets:  The growth rate in inventory over the last three quarter hasn’t moderated. So now you are up 19%. Is that a trend we can expect to continue at the end of the fourth quarter? Should we expect total inventory to be up less than 19% at the end of the year?
Angel Martinez: I think the trend continue as the percentage increase is lower as we had in prior years quarter-over-quarter.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Just one question on the shop-n-shop, Angel maybe you can give us the metrics on shop-in-shops in the fourth quarter this year versus fourth quarter last year and what performances like in retail is with those shops?
Angel Martinez: Obviously I can’t tell you how they are going to perform in the fourth quarter, but I can tell you that we’ve continued to see the type of increases in shop-in-shop as compared to the regular distribution. So typically shop-in-shop is 40% to 70% top-line, but depending on the shop-in-shops we also have along in the US 40…
Tom George: 40 last year, 70 this year and internationally from 30 to 80%.
Angel Martinez: So we continue to drive the shop-n-shop concept as aggressively as we can based on the ROI and so retailers are pretty bullish about the shop-n shop opportunity.
Operator:  Our next question is from Jonathan Garcia of Longbow Research. 
Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research : This is actually, Beth. Can you hear me?
Angel Martinez:  Yes.
Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research :  I am actually in London so I feel lot of people wearing the (inaudible)  
Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research :  I have a couple questions I guess. Have you even broken out the size of the UK business currently?
Angel Martinez: We have not at this point in time.
Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research :  Could you give any color as to what percentage of international it comprises?
Angel Martinez:  It's the majority part of our business of international.
Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research :  It's the majority of the international business?
Angel Martinez: It's the largest end market outside the United States for us.
Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research :  When did you guys start selling to Victoria's Secret, I just noticed that this year. Was that the case in prior years as well?
Tom George: Yeah, it's been quite a few years now. They are one of our longstanding customers, we've been with Victoria's Secret now for at least five years and probably longer, since before I came
Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research :  Do you think they will be in the top 10?
Tom George: We can look that out. We typically don’t disclose where they fall, but they are one of our bigger accounts and a very important one.
Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research :  Okay. Then I guess the other thing is, I might have missed it. I still have question on a lot of UGG stores. The sneaker collection that's for UGG and is that already out or is that coming out?
Angel Martinez : That's a spring product line.
Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research : Is that kind of like the HOGAN sneaker but with sheepskin on the inside? 
Angel Martinez: It's really soft leather on the outside obviously and lined in sheepskin not completely, but in certain parts of the shoe the sheepskin is used to enhance comfort. They are beautiful shoes and we've got a great response from retailers.
Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research : What's the price band on that?
Angel Martinez: Top of my head $120.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Burns of Thomas Weisel.
Andrew Burns - Thomas Weisel:  Great, this is Andrew Burns in for [Jim Duffy]. You highlighted the $5 million in cost savings in the quarter. Could you discuss the potential to take any additional cost out of the system in additional to that $3 million? Also does all of the $2 million that was postponed falls directly into the fourth quarter? Thank you.
Tom George: Yes. The $2 million does shift over in the fourth quarter but it is part of our forecasting process. We did find some additional savings in the fourth quarter even to offset that. So, that's why you see we've improved our guidance for the fourth quarter on SG&A as a percentage of sales and the $3 million is that there are permanent savings as we march on here and gain efficiencies and gain leverage on our operating expenses, we find savings as time goes on.  We got a big effort from a distribution center and warehousing point of view that cut our cost and may increase efficiency. So that is one of the other things that we had a good improvement here relative to our original expectations and the product is selling very well. So as result of that you don’t need as much sales and marketing, as originally anticipated. So that some of the reason why we had the permanent savings in the third quarter. 
Andrew Burns - Thomas Weisel: Great and the tremendous comp that you’ve produced in the retail stores. Is the primary driver there increased traffic or has there been any significant changes in average ticket or transactions 
Angel Martinez:  I think the breadths of the product line has contributed significantly to the average ticket in the stores. The accessories sell well, the outerwear has sold extremely well. Our slippers often add on sales. In another words, a consumer comes in looking for a say a classic tall and they end up buying a pair of slippers for their boyfriend or husband, for example. So I think its just a matter of people discovering the breadth of the product line and that is translating into a higher average ticket. 
Operator:  Our last question will be from Omar Saad of Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: All right thanks good afternoon thanks for taking my question, just two quick question. Number one we have been hearing a lot of there about the strong boot cycle year plus denim. I think goes well with that trend as well. Is that what you’re seeing and if so, how do you still about the UGG positioning in the new product line positioning, are there any other kind of styles or competitors out there in the core and core boot arena that you look and that you are watching carefully? 
Angel Martinez: Well yes it is a strong boot cycle write now I think one of the advantages our product line it tends to by consumers be seen as a comfort item independent of it’s nature as a boot. People wear the cozy UGG product. Its very light weight, it’s very flexible. It doesn’t like a boot on your foot yet it keeps you warm. So it’s a little different than a conventional boot, which is a more structured type of product. That said we also have quite a few new, if you go on our website you see a lot of new boot items that are performing quite well at retail. Wedges, heels, flat boots in additional to our Classic and now knit boots. So it just seems as if the entire category is so diverse that it’s hard to compare, its everyone else’s boot offering. We offer products that by comparison make other peoples boot offerings very one dimensional it seems and I think that’s the real strength of what we are doing.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Okay. It sounds like boots are in?
Angel Martinez: Boots are in but more important for UGG comfort is in and once comfort’s in it never goes out.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: One more question. Can you kind of help me understand the disparity? I know there was a little bit of timing issue last year but the disparity between your online kind of trends versus the virtually kind of every other channel for the UGG brand.
Zohar Ziv: Disparity in what way? You mean the...
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: The fact is that the internet sounds like the sales are down a little bit you are still experiencing strong growth kind of pretty much on all the other channels.
Zohar Ziv: I think this year what we are seeing is that seems to be a trend across all of Internet selling. The consumer in some cases this year perhaps the UGG product was more available than it had been in previous years, so the consumer didn't have to buy it only online, they could see it in their local Nordstrom door or Dillard's door. What we are seeing in the last few weeks. However. Is that the online trend is starting to parallel the regular retail trend, which is a good indicator, but, prior to the last few weeks, online sales have lagged behind this year.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Thanks, we’ll see how that plays out. Thanks for taking my questions, good luck.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments 
Angel Martinez: Thank you all very much, appreciate your questions and your support I just want to again congratulate the UGG team, Connie Rishwain and her group, as well as the Simple group and Teva group. They have done a wonderful job in inventory management and bringing new product to the market which bodes well for 2010. So take care and we will speak to you next quarter 
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-04-23 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Angel Martinez - President, Chairman & Chief Executive Officer Zohar Ziv - Principal Financial and Accounting Officer & Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Chris Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets Chris Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird & Co. Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation first quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation we will conduct a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) I would like to remind everyone of this call is being recorded. Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor language. Please note that some of the information provided in this call will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These statements concern Deckers plans, expectations and objectives for future operations. The company cautions you that a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which maybe beyond its control, could cause Deckers actual results to differ materially from those described on this call. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in our SEC filings, including the Risk Factors section of its annual report on Form 10-K and its other documentations filed with the SEC. Among these risks is the fact that the company’s sales are highly sensitive to consumer preference, to general economic conditions, to the weather and to the choice of its customers to carry and promote its products. Deckers intends that all of its forward-looking statements and this call will be protected by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and the Securities Act of 1933 as amended. Deckers is not obligated to update its forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of future events. I would now like to turn the conference over to President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Angel Martinez. Please go ahead, sir.
Angel Martinez: Well, thank you and thank you to everyone, joining us today. With me on the call is Zohar Ziv, our Chief Operating Officer. Zohar is also functioning as the company’s Principal Financial and Accounting Officer until a new Chief Financial Officer is appointed and he will walk you through the numbers in more detail shortly.  We are very pleased to have begun the new fiscal year with strong results. While there are a lot of indications that 2009 is going to be a challenging year for the world economy, we delivered another very strong performance that once again I’ll place expectation.  For the first quarter, sales were $134.2 million, an increase of approximately 38% of our last year’s first quarter and above our guidance for sales growth of approximately 22%. First quarter diluted earnings per share were $0.93 versus $0.86 a year ago, which was also well ahead of our guidance. Our teams did a great job of managing inventories at a level required to meet our sales levels and finally, we ended the first quarter with $230 million in cash, cash equivalent and short term investments, an increase of $47 million over the same period last year.  Now, I’ll walk you through our results. The UGG brand’s positive momentum from the holidays clearly continued into the first quarter. As sales increased more than 60% for the second consecutive quarter and I believe that’s worth noting that on a trailing 12-month basis, UGG brand net sales have now surpassed $600 million. Since the first launch of spring line in 2005, we have significantly broadened the product offering to include a variety of boots, sandals, casuals and slippers for both men and women. As a result of very strong sell through the past four years, we entered 2009 with more shelf space at retail for our spring collections than ever before. This is fueling increased awareness of our last spring line, which in turn is helping further establish our UGG brand as a true year on brand. It is also attracting new consumers and creating repeat purchases from consumers who are only familiar with the UGG brand of the cold weather product.  Our strong Q1 performance was driven by demand for the entire line highlighted by the classic and hardy boots in spring color, the low pro button boot and our line of comfort sandals to name just a few. Our growing number of concept stores is also creating a meaningful impact on the UGG brand’s evolution and equally important on our P&L. We added five new stores since last spring, San Francisco, New York, Beijing and two in London and with same-store sales growth of 29.3%, our retail sales increased 162% to almost $14 million in the first quarter. As we outlined in our year end call in February, our plans are to open two additional domestic locations and five overseas locations in 2009. In addition to the great selection of product, the UGG brand’s identity as a premium lifestyle brand is now consistently built and reinforced by an excellent advertising campaign, featured in major publications such as Vogue, Vanity Fair, Glamour, In Style and Teen Vogue and on bill boards in high traffic areas of key cities like New York, London, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Chicago. We also are opening 30 to 40 shop-in-shops in the U.S. in 2009 as well as 50 shop-in-shops overseas compared to 40 in the US and 29 overseas last year. We’ve now completed our pre-book profile and despite the challenging market, the majority of our accounts have planned their business up versus the second half of 2008.  When combined with the fact that we had no meaningful order cancellations in the first quarter, it really speaks to the current strength of the brand and underscores its importance to our retail partners. First quarter sales of the Teva brand were lighter than expected. Many retailers are now choosing to take deliveries of spring product closer to season. We hope to make up for the shift with more at one shot during the first three months of the year. However, that business didn’t materialize to the levels we projected and as a result of several factors, mainly the challenging retail environment and its impact on over the buy dollars as well as colder wet weather in many parts of the country. At the same time, Teva product sales were negatively impacted by the bankruptcies of three meaningful accounts, GI Joe, BoatersWorld and Sportsman’s Warehouse during the first quarter. Despite of all the challenges, our team did a better job of managing inventories, which were down nearly 18% versus the same time a year ago and we head into summer with very clean fresh products in both our wholesale channels and our distribution centers At the start of April, we’ve seen some encouraging sell through that on several men’s and women’s key styles and we would expect this trend to continue as temperatures begin to warm. The feedback on the expanded product line is in positive and retailers continue to tell us that Teva has definitely remerged as one of the few core footwear brands in the outdoor space. Therefore, we remain cautiously optimistic about our prospects in the second quarter, but we’ll continue to operate conservatively with regard to expenses and inventory until our visibility improves. Simple brands business was not immune to the poor economic climate that we are operating in during the first quarter. In the U.S., we experienced the higher level of cancellations in normal, which obviously impacted our performance we believe this was in line with industry average. We also had to content with lower than expected international sales in Japan and Europe. All of this contributed to 13% decline in sales for the quarter compared with a year ago, partially offset by double digit increase in internet sales. It was obviously a more challenging quarter for Simple than we expect. That said, we feel confident that the brands position as the leader and sustainable footwear is strong and growing and at the product line led by ecoSNEAKS continues to resonate with consumers and its gaining traction of key accounts even during these challenging times. Earlier this month, we began shipping key products from the new spring 2009 collection to 200 Journey stores and our margin locations. This coincided with the debut of our new advertising campaign from JWT, “Less is Greater than More”, which we launched with national and local print, internet and grow the marketing efforts. There is a lot, we’ve seen strong weekly sell through rates on several styles, including the women’s that are ecoSNEAK and the men’s TSUBO ecoSNEAK, which are the featured advertising styles for the spring 2009 season. However, as a result of the poor retail environment, we decided to defer some of the incremental marketing spend that was previously planned for the remainder of the year. As we look ahead, we remained focused on maintaining our sustainable leadership position by continually innovating the product line. We will also continue to expand our distribution by partnering with retailers that are committed to growing the brands for the lone term. Now with regard to the TSUBO brand, the team has been working hard to build distribution for the fall relaunch of the brand. We’ve secured select stores of Macy’s and Dillard’s and we continue to have encouraging conversions with both regional and independent retailers across the country. So, we remain optimistic about the long term potential of this business. However, since pre-books of the TSUBO brand have been harder to combine, we’ll be pulling back on some of the additional marketing investments for this year and we’ll reduce the original plan of an incremental $10 million spend for TSUBO and Simple by about half. As we discussed on the last call, in March we acquired the outdoor brand Ahnu. We’re very pleased with the management team that joined us and believe that overtime there is an opportunity to leverage our position in the outdoor industry to expand Ahnu brand and grow our share of the outdoor lifestyle market, especially in women’s. Before I turn the call over to Zohar to review the financials, I wanted to point out for those who might have missed it that Deckers was named to Outside magazine’s list of the Best Places to Work for the second consecutive year. Everyone here takes a tremendous pride in this special recognition and we believe it speaks of the great culture and environment we’ve all helped to create at DECK. Zohar.
Zohar Ziv: Thanks, Angel. For the first quarter of 2009, net sales increased 37.6% to a $134.2 million versus $97.5 million for the first quarter of last year. Including sales from the wholesale division as well as the Consumer Direct business, our net sales of UGG products increased 66.9% to $91.4 million versus $54.8 million for the first quarter, last year. Net sales of Teva products decreased 5.7% to $35.6 million in the first quarter compared to $37.7 million in the same period of 2008. In the Simple brand net sales decreased 13.1% to $4.4 million for the quarter versus $5.1 million in the same period last year. Combined net sales of the company’s other brands, TSUBO and Ahnu which we did not earn during the first quarter of 2008 were $2.9 million for the first quarter of 2009. Included in these numbers, our e-commerce sales for all brands of $16.2 million up 3.5% from $15.6 million in the first quarter of 2008, and retail sales of $13.9 million, up a 161.9% from $5.3 million in the prior year period. Also included in the brands sales numbers, international sales for all brands increased 71% to a $32.2 million, compared to $18.8 million in the first quarter of last year. In domestic sales increased 29.6% to a $102 million, compared to $78.7 million in 2008. Our gross margin for the current quarter was 43.9%, compared to 47.3% in the first quarter of last year. The year-over-year decline in gross margin was primarily due to our wholesale business growing at a higher rate than our e-commerce business for the first quarter of 2009, as well as higher levels of closeout sales then in the first quarter of 2008. First quarter 2008 margins were also positively impacted by reduction in the estimate for sales returns. Total SG&A expense for the quarter was $39.6 million or 29.5% net sales, compared to $21.1 million or 29.8% of net sales a year ago. The plant increase in SG&A in absolute dollars resulted primarily from an increase in payrolls, marketing and other selling expenses including $2 million of additional marketing investment for Simple and TSUBO and six new retail stores that were not opened in the first quarter last year. Interest income was approximately $0.6 million in the first quarter, compared to last year’s first quarter interest income of $1.4 million. This great decrease was the result of our decision to shift the greater percentage of our cash, cash equivalents and short term investments for safer and more liquid and lower yielding government securities, as well as lower market interest rates versus the same period a year ago. Net income for the first quarter was $12.3 million or $0.93 per diluted share, compared to $11.3 million or $0.86 diluted share in the first quarter of last year. Turning to the balance sheet, at March 31, 2009 our overall inventories increased 34.3% to $66.4 million versus $49.4 million a year ago. By a brand our, UGG inventory increased 61.3% to $43.4 million. Teva inventory decreased 17.8% to $15.1 million and Simple inventory increased 18.3% to $5 million. The increase in UGG inventory was due to the increase in spring and fall orders currently on our books and the growth of our retail inventory due to the increase of our stores from last year. The increase on following carryover, which we discussed last quarter, was sold in Q1 and we continue to manage our inventory to meet our sales and continue to feel very comfortable with our inventory levels. In addition, at March 31, 2009 we had cash, cash equivalents and short term investments totaling $230 million, compared to $183.4 million at March 31, 2008 and accounts receivables were $56.3 million, compared to $40.7 million at March 31, 2008.  With regard to our outlook, based on the UGG brand better than expected first quarter results and the partial benefit of the reduction of the incremental marketing spend, we are slightly adjusting our 2009 guidance. However, we are only flowing through a small portion over the earnings upside from the first quarter to our full year earnings outlook, primarily due to lower sales projections for the Teva, Simple and TSUBO brands as a result over the challenging retail environment and the shifting of approximately $2 million in expenses, mainly marketing into the second quarter from the first quarter. We now expect full year revenues to increase by approximately 7% to 9% over 2008 levels versus our previous guidance of approximately 6% to 9% growth. For the full year, we now expect UGG brand sales to increase approximately 8% to 10%, up from our previous expectation of approximately 6% to 8% growth. For the Teva brand, we now expect sales to be down approximately 4% to 7%, compared to our previous expectation of down approximately 2% to 5%. For the Simple brand, we now expect sales to increase approximately 5% to 10%, down from our previous expectation of approximately 20% to 25% and for the TSUBO brand, we now expect sales to be approximately $5 million to $7 million, down from $7 million to $9 million, which we will expect Ahnu brand sales to be between $4 million to $6 million.  For the full year, we now expect diluted earnings per share to be flat to slightly up over the non-GAAP diluted earnings per share of $7.27 we reported in 2008, which exclude the non-cash write-down of intangible assets as discussed in our previous earnings release. This compares to our previous guidance for 2009 diluted earnings per share to be flat to down slightly. Our forecast is based on a full year gross profit margin of approximately 45% in 2009 versus 44.3% in 2008 and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 25%. As Angel discussed earlier, we’ve decided to defer approximately half of the original $10 million of incremental marketing expenditure, we’ve planned for Simple and TSUBO in 2009, which will be partly offset by a lower than expected interest income due to the recent decline in market interest rate as previously discussed. We still anticipate the Ahnu brand to have a negative impact of approximately $0.06 to $0.08 per diluted share for the full year of 2009.  For the second quarter, we currently expect revenues to increase approximately 10% over 2008 level and we expect to report a diluted loss per share between $0.10 to $0.15. Our forecast is based on a gross profit margin of approximately the same as last year and it is important to note that international sales have historically made up a greater percentage of total sales during the second quarter, compared to our other three quarters as we typically shape a significant amount of all products to our distributors in June. There are also international distributor carry a lower gross margin than domestic sales. In addition we shifted approximately $2 million in expenses, mainly marketing into the second quarter from the first quarter and therefore we expect SG&A as a percentage of sales during the second quarter to be approximately 43% versus 31.2% 31.2% in 2008. As a reminder a significant amount of our operating expenses are fixed and spread evenly on an absolute dollar basis throughout each quarter. Therefore this has the greatest impact in our earnings, in our lowest volume sales quarter, which has historically been Q2. I’ll now turn the call back to Angel for some closing remarks. Angel.
Angel Martinez: Well, thanks Zohar. I’m very proud of everything that we’ve been to accomplish over the last several years and even more so, with our ability to keep the momentum going in the midst of this recession. We recently held our global management meeting where we brought together our senior management team, brand mangers and division heads from around the world. It was incredibly, highly productive few days, full of energy and focus and excitement about what lies ahead. It’s been a great deal of time fine tuning our short and long term goals for each brand and for each division and what was abundantly clear is that we have some of the most talented people in the industry. It gives me great confidence that we’ll continue to be successful at gaining market share and expanding our international presence and that increasing profitability and shareholder value well into the future. Operator, we’ll now be ready to open the call up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instruction) Your first question comes from Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: The first question is really on, if you could help Angel in framing this for us on the UGG brand and the composition of the UGG brand. I think there is still a concern that it’s largely skewed toward the boot styles and the classic boot styles in particular. Could you share with us some rough idea or percentages of the classic boot or the total boot style versus the overall UGG revenue on a run rate basis this year versus last year or may be two years ago?
Angel Martinez: We haven’t broken out percentage Jeff, but if you look at the line and visit one of our key retailers like a Nordstrom for example. You’ll see some things there that a couple of years ago you might have been surprised to see UGG name on those kind of products. The wedges that we’re doing, the sandals, the Cardy boot which was as I remind you not in the line two years ago. That is a product built on the classic platform, but I wouldn’t call that a classic product, it’s not the sheepskin upper. So across the board, consumers have been responding to the comfort platform that the brand now represents and we’ve always said that this is a brand really driven by comfort more than any other attribute. It happens to be that originally sheepskin was the way we delivered comfort, but we’re now diversifying the product in such a way that comfort is being delivered with varying degrees of using sheepskin in some of our products that are selling through quite well. We have no sheepskin on the product at all. It’s just up against other similar products; the consumer finds our brand to be more comfortable and the style is also very appropriate to the season and we really have done a good job with coloration and fabrication. So, all footwear brands are managed from or should be managed from a broad perspective, really understanding what drives the core attributes of the brand and then being able to innovate around those things. I think we’ve done a great job of that and the consumer is validating that obviously.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray : So as a rough proxy, I think people should be able to look at your core distribution and looking at the assortment and get a sense for the composition of your revenue? 
Angel Martinez: Absolutely and I think that as we move closer to the fall season, you’ll see the line to shift and more impact and more importance will be on the more traditional styles, but even there we’ve diversified significantly and that started a few years ago with much a policy and collection, it continues to evolve with a variety of different styles around the seem of a sheep skin, operate boot and shoes, certainly you look at the men’s product, the cold weather product that we’ve shown and sold in very well for this next fall. It’s not the UGG you thought it would have been a few years ago, and that’s what exciting about it.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: My other question is really on the other brands and the strategy to market them but now with less dollars, but also this idea that it was actually a very good time and still basically a time to launch new brands and go after shelf space that’s being dislocated in the industry, it seems given the challenges you’re having with the Simple’s thus so far this year and reading your release about the bankruptcies in the independent retail community and then also your decision to cut marketing back has something changed in last few months with respect to your view of the viability in the market place of launching new brands?
Angel Martinez: Well, I think really what we have done is just gotten really down to the grass roots if you will. The retailer has demonstrated there very, very Radisson to invest in the unknown versus the known. So, you see in our case UGG is winning and the other brands are sort of in the mix with rest of the shoe industry, retailers are very, very cautious about they open to buy obviously credit difficult and those dollars need to produce. So, they want to bank on things that they know they are going to get turn and margin on. The other thing that’s important is that there that the battle is being fought at the point of sale, so media isn’t as relevant as we thought it would be, so when you see adjustments being made on TSUBO and Simple we really dialing back the media stand, you won’t see the prevalence in the print publications that we had anticipated doing, but we are still going to drive the presentation at point of sale, with VSM which is what we call vendor support money we are doing more clinics, we just recently did a series of clinics and product events that Nordstrom around Earth Day that were very successful, very solid sell through on Simple’s product. So, it’s a slugfest out there, it is not easy, the other thing that’s we are very excited about two of those as I mentioned on my comments the introduction of the new styles it was Simple just began to ship in the month of April, we are getting great traction on those and naturally the product line that we have been anticipating and looking forward to at ecoSNEAKS, I’m getting good response on that. TSUBO we have to wait until fall that’s a fall product that we decided to drive in the market and it’s becoming pretty obvious that a retailer doesn’t have the stomach for huge commitments of new inventory and they really want to see how stuffs going to sell through before they lined up behind us. We have to prove ourselves in the market.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: Just one clarification on your fall carryover product that you said you sold that out at Q1 this year, I thought you were holding that over for fall of ’09? 
Angel Martinez: Well, we were holding it over, but since we had orders we sold it, most of those things were the slippers and the classic boots and that was sold in Q1.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: Okay. So, that materialized with since your last time you communicated with us and you are completely clean on your carryover product?
Angel Martinez: Well, the increase, we did not quantify at last time, the increase over the carryover from year-over-year in last quarter was only $6 million, so commented that’s increased during that quarter. 
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: Okay. Alright thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Chris Svezia with Susquehanna Financial Group.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Good afternoon everyone and congratulations on a nice job in terms of execution. I just wanted maybe if you can just talk about the backlog for one second and you pre-books if you could, can you just maybe add some color, we’ll add some when you are coming into the fiscal year, your backlogs were up 41% and I’m just kind of curious if maybe just talk little bit more about how your pre-books look at this point in time relative to that increase would assume it probably won’t be up that much just giving kind of a backdrop into what is happening with the other brands. Maybe just talk a bit more about what happening on the pre-book and how that looks.
Zohar Ziv: Well, we have not disclosed the pre-book at this time but we as Angel said, basically the full orders are all pre-booked by now. So, we have a very good and strong visibility after the remainder of the year.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay.
Zohar Ziv: But Chris, if you are asking last time we told those 40% up it’s not to that level.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Right, that’s fair. I mean in it what point in time, I mean retailers what are they telling you at this point about how they are looking at fall are they, I mean it seems like sort of sentiments incrementally improving in the footwear business and I’m kind of curious is this sentiment sort of improved in terms of the commitment to take on into pre-book a lot more products or they still incrementally looking to more of an at one sort of business is still holding off in other words, the sentiment really start to improve at all?
Zohar Ziv: Just my recent travels, yes, I’ve seen a modest improvement in sentiment and attitude in our expectation, I think that the first quarter of the year wasn’t the bloodbath that some people thought it was going to be weathering the storm. That said, as I mentioned earlier they want to put the dollars into proven brands and proven product and also they really not that interested in experimenting with a lot of on tested files etc. So as a result, we do have people booking UGG stronger than in the past year and full expectation is that they will continue to sell that products through and sell it through at the same level they have been. The consumer out there still seems to have, as we’ve continue to experience a love affair with the brand and the diversification of style and color and materials creates excitement at retail, combined with our retail present, which allow us to showcase all the new thing. One thing that great retailers have not forgot that they have to be in the business of exciting consumers at retail. So as cautious as you want to be, you still got to get that consumer motivator and have to command and look at new things and buy new things. They are just being cautious at which new things they put out there and which brand they put it out therefore. We are in a very amiable position with UGG brand and that’s allowing us to have some great benefit. I think, hopefully we’ll be able to drive consumers into the store and help retailers achieve their goals with UGG and obviously the consumer will buy other products too and that’s the goal. So there is an excitement about that with this brand.
Chris Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group: Angel, how is the distribution in terms of the key retail partners has that changed any degree or as they continued to be the same retail customer as you basically looked at in fall 2008, in terms of tracking the business. Is there been any notable change in all terms of U.S. wholesale distribution?
Angel Martinez: No, that hasn’t been, it’s still pretty much of same core group we have, were appropriate added doors, is so the request have been made that more doors, we have also they mentioned that we’re expanding our shop-and-shop and our overall presentation. I think what’s happening with the brand as which gaining market share inside the retail environment and I think we not of the breath of product to leverage that gain in market share across the twelve month basis.
Chris Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. That’s helpful and Zohar maybe if you just help for one second here, on your second quarter outlook and in terms of the top line growth, can you maybe just add a little bit color how we should look to some varying degree the different aspects of the business. Given how strong UGG was during the first quarter and just based on the inventory piece, but then again higher guiding for the year. I just want to get some idea about how we should be looking at second quarter or in terms of maybe the UGG growth, can you add a little bit of color about that, if you could?
Zohar Ziv: Well, we can talk about in the context of the year since we indicated that the Teva is going to be down. You’ll probably see the increase for the quarter mainly coming from the UGG brand. You will see Teva is probably going to be slightly down from last year and the biggest of the carriers is going to come from UGG.
Chris Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay and my last question, Angel, just on the e-commerce business, I guess, surprising to see it only up 3%. I think you referenced the Simple business was actually up in terms of e-commerce, may be you just add some color as to what was going on e-commerce side of the business, just given how strong some other elements of the business, obviously it seems like UGG is big Ts, I’m just curious what was going on there?
Zohar Ziv: While, I think a new path, we were developing our distribution model for the first half of the year particularly Q1. We were building distribution with Spring product, and a lot of consumers just didn’t have access to it. So, they went as a default site to find product to our site. Now, that we’ve done on a better job of executing against distribution and our sell in has been very solid against Spring. It’s clear that because retail consumers are finding products available at retail, because if you notice our retail stores at a significant up tick in the first quarter. So it’s just a matter of the spring line is now more available than it was before, it was readily available on our website in the last couple of years and retail consumers went there to find it, now they are finding it in the other stores. So, we’re not that surprised about that, the other thing to notice that we are e-commerce approach is not anywhere near to aggressive as it would be, let’s say for as apples.com, we don’t do the free shipping and all that stuff. So, I think that again the consumer is going to slide towards the retail availability if they can find a product without paying the shipping, they will but it where they find it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities.
Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Just a couple of additional questions here, Angel, are you starting to use your retail stores to kind of test styles and then share the data you get from that with some of your retail partners and if so, what’s being the reaction to that from the those partners?
Angel Martinez: We have been doing that all along and it’s not so much a style as it is the color. So, we have a really good idea of what kind of performance we are going to get from the free line, how people react to it then we also know from the response that we’ve had an in our own stores to certain color ways or ideas of our own product like the Cardy for example and what it does, it allows us to really refine the approach by the time we do go to wholesale with an assortment its being well called I mean it has been pardon what we feel are the strongest potential products. As I have had several retailers tell me when they look at the fall 09 of UGG line, its hard to decide what not to buy and because we look at the line the same way they do, we look at it as a buyer would and we tried to keep the line as tight as we possibly can and try to have the line yield the best return, so if nothing else with the retail stores are doing it is allowing us to think just like a retailer because we are a retailer in that sense and that’s giving us inside that we might not otherwise have an combination of style, its color, it’s a size of a line and numbers of skews a lot more skew discipline goes into the discussion when you know that you only x amount of space in the store to display product.
Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay great, that’s helpful and turning to the question, add spend you talked about differing the other $5 million is that kind of deferral with the specific date in 2010 or is it more deferred until things improve and you think it would be useful to spent?
Angel Martinez: Yes, we think it will deferred until we see signs from retailers that they are back in the mood to begin driving things into the market, there is just a lot of very gun-shy people out there right now. So, I just don’t feel it’s wise to spend the money if you are not going to get the return in terms of booking. So, we are going to hold on keep our powder dry.
Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Okay and then on the international business, was there any kind of big shift in terms of were the international business has been done by country and compared to previous quarters or is it so pretty much dominated by the U.K.?
Angel Martinez: Pretty much dominated by the U.K. that’s still a significant growth market for us. We expect in the future that will have other markets evolved into very important position. As I had mentioned in the past Germany was just getting started, Scandinavia is fairly undeveloped we have had some excellent continued growth in Benelux this first quarter.  I think one of the things that’s happening in Europe particularly as the availability of a new colors of spring product have given more expansion to the demand for classic type of products on fourth quarter well into the first quarter and consumers are now seeing new colors, they didn’t anticipate and some new excitement there. So, retailers outside the U.S. are starting to build a Q1 business that they didn’t know they had just like we are going to do that a couple of years ago.
Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities: Finally, Zohar, can you remind us, did any Ahnu sales province into the first quarter or did that deal essential get closed after all the sales were done for the first quarter?
Zohar Ziv: The deal was closed in the first week, I believe from March. So, we had a very, very small amount of sales for one month for Ahnu.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: Inventory growth showed significant deceleration from fourth quarter to one quarter, so congratulations. Can you talk about, how you’re managing the inventory going forward and if we should continue to expect this increase to decelerate maybe not the same rate, but nicely over the next couple of few quarters?
Angel Martinez: You have probably said the deceleration Todd, the biggest piece of the increase of the inventory this quarter was really had to do with the full items that we had to bring. It has to do mainly with factory capacity and our distribution center capacity to process a good. So, what you have seen as I said an increase in the full product that came at this year vis-à-vis last year. So you will see, as we have said the decrease in the inventory growth rate in the next few quarters.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets: How about, if you can give us a sense of the ability to lower cost of goods over the second half given some deflation, raw material costs and other areas and have you assumed any of these types of cost reductions in your model?
Angel Martinez: Not significant cost reduction or saving reduction from the cost of the goods. Our cost is being negotiated season in advance, when we agree with the factor is to the cost of the products. So, those costs have been established prior to the decrease of cost that took place in China, which you will see is factoring into our guidance and into our margin will get some benefit on the freight side because of the lower oil prices, you’ll see freight coming down, so that will impact positively our margins, but the benefits that we will see there will more, from the cost reduction you’ll start seeing them more coming next year.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: I don’t know if I heard correctly, but you said, you sold your excess product will carry over in the first quarter?
Angel Martinez: The increase of there from year-over-year was sold, yes.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: The increase was sold and did that affect your gross margins for UGG, how did the gross margins come out for the UGG product in the first quarter?
Angel Martinez: Not on those items, those items, we sold at full price.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: How about the overall gross margin versus your expectation in the first quarter?
Angel Martinez: Well, the overall UGG margin depends, if you’re talking about the total margin, we’re slightly down because of the reduction of the e-commerce business, but on the wholesale base…
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Then how about the international mix, did that hurt the gross margins as well or not?
Angel Martinez: It hurts us some, yes. The international was growing, it’s hurting in some.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Is that the sort of the same kind of picture you envisioned for the second quarter as well or is there, how do you see the gross margins in the second quarter come up?
Angel Martinez: Well, as we said it’s going to be approximately the same as last year, which was around 39% and the main driver there was the largest proportion of international business vis-à-vis the quarter, which is our smallest quarter.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Then internationally, should we expect any of the structure to change in 2009, in terms of distributor/canceled?
Angel Martinez: Well, we’ve talked about the change in Japan on the last call. So you’ll see that this year, but if you are referring to the European one, you’re not going to see any changes this year on the distributor front.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: So 2010 and beyond?
Angel Martinez: About, yes.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC: Just I was hoping you can give a little more color in the follow up to Jeff’s question on sort of the non-plastic styles, in terms of how they’re selling, either relative to your ownership or your expectation, the rain boots, the fluffy, I think which had a sizable price increase. I know it’s early in some markets, but there are others where you’ve had warm weather and in the wedges and then things like the North Pole and so on. What have you seen on those styles, sell-throughs relative to how you own them? 
Angel Martinez: Well, we’ve seen, the Cardy continues to sell across all parts of the country. Excellent sell through on that, depending on whether the rain boots performed well, there was not a huge item in our expectations. It was an important item for us to do and we’re going to carry that through, but that performed to expectation. We’re getting excellent sales from wedges and sandals especially where the weather is turned and those have been a little bit surprising, I’m very happy with the performance of those. The colors have been well received and retailer is pretty happy with what’s happening there.  So it’s a kind of varies by region and where we are in the transition the summer, but across the board good sell throughs. I can’t think of any thing that I would call a disappointment form our perspective. So I think we’re looking pretty good on that front.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird
Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird :  Yes, thanks. I got a few questions. Let me start with your Q2 guidance. I heard you saying 10% sales growth; you had 38% in the first quarter. What’s going on there, is that a function of a tough comparison and maybe some holiday momentum carrying into the first half of Q1 which really drove a big increase there or is there any shift in business happening across those two quarters that would cause the sales to decelerate to that degree going from Q1 to Q2?
Angel Martinez:  No, I would say it’s a reflection of the current retail environment as I indicated. We are probably looking at Teva to be slightly down over last year and Simple is probably going to be flat, and UGG is going to be increasing year-over-year.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird:  I think that gives a lead to my next my question, because your guidance on UGG for the year now is 8% to 10% growth. Given what you achieved in the first quarter and probably a double digit increase in the second quarter basically what you are saying there, I mean that would imply something 2% to 4% or 1% to 3% over the back half and how you made the comment that majority of retailers took their fall orders up.  Is there something there that I’m not thinking about or you guys just being really conservative in terms of your assumptions on cancellations or reorders or what you might be doing with your retail stores or e-commerce business to get to not much growth in the back half, I know you given the order book that you have in hand right now?
Angel Martinez:  Mitch, your math is correct, and we’re being conservative. Looking in this environment and in this economy you have to be prudent and to estimate the higher percentage of cancellation than in the past. So until we get closer to Q3 and see how things are selling in Q4, we got to take that approach.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird:  And then the Tom’s comment on the inventory, obviously you managed it down well in the quarter; you got over some carryover inventory, but UGG inventory is still up 61% and that’s in relative to kind of the UGG outlook that’s implied by your full year guidance in your Q1 results. I assume that’s an inventory level that you’re comfortable with; those are inventory that you have orders for so there is any thing you can comment on that?
Angel Martinez: Yes, we are very comfortable with our inventory level. If you look at specifically at UGG, as I said the biggest increase about two third of the increase is really relate to fall of products. That we have to start to bring as I said earlier, because our factory capacity is, they cannot produce all the goods that we need for the time that we need. So, we need to sell to bring it earlier. So, it’s all clean inventory, we don’t have hardly any reserve against it and we are very, very comfortable with our position.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird: Retailers also wanting their fall deliveries earlier or did you get a sense of that yet?
Angel Martinez: I wouldn’t say so, probably the similar as the last year.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird: And then last question on the marketing, I just want to make sure I understand this. So, previously you’d said about $10 million incremental increase in simple and TSUBO such going from 10 to 5 and I’ve thought before that you were expecting that to sit pretty evenly across the quarters, about 2.5 of the each quarter. Did some of that incremental spending happened in the first quarter or do you already recognize that you are going to differ it early on. Should we be thinking that, it’s about $5 million of incremental spending over the balance of the year now, Q2, Q3, Q4.
Angel Martinez: Let me talk to the numbers and Zohar will comment about the marketing program. As we indicated in the script, about $2 million of debt marketing spend occurred in Q1 and you will probably have a similar amount also in Q2. 
Zohar Ziv: Really, as I said the trust of it in the first half because keep in mind that TSUBO isn’t scheduled until Q3 and Q4 when the brand would relaunch with the fall line. So, the bulk of this really going to be what we call VSM Vendor Support Money, money that we reduced to impact sell in of the product.  In other words, you give me an order I will give you marketing support based on the side of your order. We’ll also give enhanced retail presence and do a whole variety of things. If I don’t get the order book, then obviously I don’t spend as much money on that and if I don’t get the order book I’m looking for, I’m going to pull back on the media spend because it would frustrate consumers to see the beautiful adds in national magazine and then not find the product where they expect to find it. So, we are being practical and really making sure that we have enough money in the mix to support those retailers who support the brands.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird:  And the media spend was then expect to be more concentrated in the back half?
Zohar Ziv: Yes. More in the back half.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird: Ok. So you spend about $2 million of that in the first quarter, you expect to spend about $2 million more in the second quarter and then another $1 million over the balance of the year and then in Q2 you get the hit because you also had a shift of other marketing dollars by about $2 million falling from Q1 to Q2. So really in Q4 you are looking at about $4 million more in marketing expense that a year ago. Is that kind of help how I should be thinking about that?
Zohar Ziv: No. You are talking about this in Q2. It was not two plus 2, a part of the shift was included within the two, but you’ll see about a $3 million increase in marketing in Q2.
Operator: Your next question is from Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thanks for taking my questions. Many have been asked already. I just want to make sure I understand the nature of the current activity that you spoke to in Q1. What type of product was it, was it inline product which would have carried forward through into the fall season. Over the channels that you use for clearance and what extent that it’ll have an impact on the gross margins in the first quarter.
Angel Martinez: Jim those were not closed out items. As we said those were slippers and classics that we’re selling it for retail existing distribution channels. So there hasn’t been any impact on our margins. Sorry are you talking UGG or you’re talking --.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: I’m talking about the clearance in general. I thought in the press release you characterized gross margins there has been some pressure from clearance activity.
Angel Martinez: It’s just like in close out process. 
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Yes 
Angel Martinez: We are going through a normal close out process related to all the brands and mainly Teva and Simple and some in TSUBO.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay so was a lot of Teva product. What where the channels that you use to close that out?
Angel Martinez: We don’t disclose that, but is traditional normal channels our existing retailers all of them on occasion throughout the year want close our product to enhance their margins and drive traffic and then we have a variety of traditional closeout vendors that retailers that we use. Our product does not end up in, that I recall the bargain-basement kind of closeout channels.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: And then kind of a very general question for you, in you’re discussion with retailers do you get the sense they are getting to the point where they have got enough handle on the business if they can start to plan on a go forward basis or is there still so much uncertainties that there is a hesitant to do so?
Angel Martinez: Well you know, I’m getting the sense that people are now over the initial shock of what happened and those folks who have quality operations with premium brands or quality brands, they are heavily into planning mode. I think most of their bad news they have dwelt, they’ve adjusted open the bios accordingly and they managed their expectations.  We are getting people who are I think doing a wonderful job of planning for the near term by adjusting their mix and their assortment very expertly, which is all key to this thing. We really drop to watch our assortments, we have to watch all the powerful stuff if that get you in trouble, your average margin has been in a very strong. So it’s creating more dependence on the proven kind of products and more struggle for the unproven and that just seem, when you think about that pretty logically.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: That makes a lot of sense. Now as you look to your fall order book, have you seen any change in the cadence or timing of shipments for fall orders?
Angel Martinez: No, we are consistent with where we were last year and last year we did notice that people wanted their fall a little earlier. We are not seeing the demand for any earlier than we did last fall.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, and you mentioned your reluctance of retailers to commit up front in general, does that change your strategy for safety stock or inventory to fall orders at all?
Angel Martinez: Well, it does if you look at Simple and TSUBO and Teva. UGG finds itself in totally different situation, we are unique in the marketplace and we are in an enviable position to be in. So we sort of see it from all sides given all of our brands.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Sam Pose - Sterne Agee Group.
Samuel Poser - Sterne Agee Group: Good afternoon. Just a clarification, you said the SG&A for the full year was going to be what so ever?
Angel Martinez: Around 25% approximately.
Samuel Poser - Sterne Agee Group: In the retail stores, what is the timing and locations? Can you talk to some of that for the retail store openings this year?
Angel Martinez: Yes. In the Japan store, we are looking at Q2 and three stores in the UK that’s probably towards the end of the Q3 and we are looking for additional stores also in China, and in the United States also we’re looking for Q3 for opening of two stores, one concept and one outlet.
Samuel Poser - Sterne Agee Group: On a whole, you guys have done a great job over the years of keeping the supply considerably under the demand, and you have a good deal of your business in California. Given the tremendous weakness in California and given some of the uncertainties out there, how are you going to ensure that you continue to keep the supply into the demand to keep the brand hard in that manner or given just this particular environment that we are seeing these days?
Angel Martinez: I don’t think we’re going to be changing our distributions strategy. We have always felt that we have the appropriate level of distribution in California given the balance we look to in our distribution mix. So some people would argue that we are extremely restrictive in California. We’ve had retailers in California who have been doing business with us for a long time, who want to open another location in a new mall, lets say and we denied that, because we’ve already got the distribution we need in that mall.  So we do a big business in California. I wouldn’t say that our California market is saturated, I think we’ve always been very considerate and very cautious about the amount of distribution that we have in any given region of California and we’ve approach the Northeast in the same way where we’ve I think had a great amount of success in the last few years and there is lot of opportunities to sell our product there.  We don’t necessarily take advantage of it, because we feel it’s pushing the distribution to too much availability in any given mall. Why have six retailers in a mall all fighting over selling the same product, it make no sense.
Samuel Poser - Sterne Agee Group: I really want speaking about the existing distribution on how not expanding it, but just given the existing distribution and some in the fall off of demand in general in market such as California.
Angel Martinez: In our business for that we haven’t seen a fall off of demand time. I mean in our business remain pretty strong. I mean the first quarter results speak to that. We really have not seen the customer suddenly decide in California that last year they bought three pair of UGG and this year they are only going to buy one or two. She still wants a three pair of UGG and may be now, it’s four pair of UGG because now she wants the sandals or she wants the Cardy so we really have not seen that. it does not manifest itself.  Now I understand California is going through a tough environment, tough problem there is no doubt that, we are realistic about that, we are understand as far as our retailers go through and we know retailers relay on our brands to help them through this and our brand is performing for that.
Samuel Poser - Sterne Agee Group: I guess the question I have is how do you make sure you don’t meet the demand this year?
Angel Martinez: We are just going to keep doing what we’ve been doing, we are going to evaluate every single situation, every order based on what we feels is appropriate for the market and we don’t let some, like my mother used to say “eat more with your eyes than your mouths”. We don’t let some one pile so much product on their orders that they are going to struggle.
Operator: Your next question comes from Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets: Hi, thanks guys. Just in terms of pricing this fall its pretty ugly verses last fall. Is it pretty consistent?
Angel Martinez: Yes, it is Howard.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets:  Then just a question on the cash balance and keeps piling up understand the environment, but any consideration given to me in buying some stock back at these levels?
Angel Martinez: We’ve looked into it and we feel that that’s not something we should be doing at this time, we think we have bad opportunity to invest in our business to keep growing it.
Operator: Your next question comes form Omar Saad - Credit Suisse.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Thank you for taking my question. Great job this quarter. Just really one question that I wanted to ask you guys about the most of that’s been asked. Could you help me understand the kid business a little better, how that’s been doing, how big is that as a percentage of mix; I know my daughter is starting to ask me about the product to buy for her. I just want to get a better sense for you guys, how you feel about that business, what the kind of out look is for my kid I guess I mean under 12, 12 and under that sort of age.
Angel Martinez: What we feel it’s a good business for us, we feel it’s a business we should be in to an appropriate level; we feel it’s a business that it’s important to have, the quality distribution. We don’t want to compromise the quality of the product in order to just meet the lower price points, which happen often in kids. People who make something that looks like an UGG boot using artificial materials just to get the price point where they needed it still has the look, we don’t do that. So our product from a production cost perspective is not that much less for us to make kid’s shoes than it is our adult shoes. Obviously, there is a small amount of sheep skin use, but we don’t compromise the sheep skin, we don’t compromise on the other material. So as you go forward, we’re not looking to have the kids business grow out of proportion to our adult business. We will always stay to what we feels is an appropriate level and based on the demand that we have in our adult product.
Omar Saad - Credit Suisse: Got it, got it and can you help me understand what the relative size, I imagine it’s much, much smaller than the rest of business. Is that a fair assumption?
Angel Martinez: Yes, that’s a fair assumption. We haven’t disclosed what percentage our kids business is, it’ll always remain a much smaller piece and it will be very limited in terms of SKU assortment and in distribution.  I think you’ll see our kid’s product will be, I’m not going to say it’s difficult to find, but we really think that the retailers who support the brand in total and have an opportunity to sell kids and do it well, they should sell our kids product, but we’re not going to sell it everywhere just because some one sold fair amount of UGG product and maybe they don’t sell too much other kids products and they want to sell just that much more UGG. That doesn’t make any sense for us, there are kid’s specialists out there that are important, there retails out there do a great job with kids that are important and we’ll focus on them.
Operator: Your final question comes from Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research.
Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research:  Hi, guys. Congratulations on a good quarter. I guess I have two questions. The first one just to go back to the Q2 guidance for a second, I mean if I look back over the past couple of years, normally SG&A doesn’t have nearly a significant to build on. I know you said there was $3 million in incremental marketing in Q2, but SG&A would still be up far more year-over-year in Q2 than it would be in Q1 and I wondered if is there something else maybe related to the store in Japan or something is or so differencing the SG&A of Q2.
Angel Martinez:  Yes, there is a combination of things as I indicated, really one of the biggest piece in the growth year-over-year are the retail stores. We have six stores in this year they did not exist in Q2 of last year. So, that’s a big contributor. We talked about the marketing, in order to that you have the rights unknown, we are going to have it for the full quarter the expenses that they were not in last year.  We’ve also have grown our international business which is a combination slightly in Japan, but in the U.K. and the other piece where you have the incremental growth is also in the warehouse. The Pig module went into a production in the end of the second quarter of last year. So, the depreciation for that and the incremental cost of that will be also in Q2. So, those account the big pieces that causes the increase and does the normally increase of our payroll and cost of living.
Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research: So, that’s the Pig module is [inaudible] in Q3?
Angel Martinez: Yes.
Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research:  Okay.
Angel Martinez: It’s already in Q3 and it came into production, the later part of Q2 of last year so it was in full Q3 and Q4 of last year.
Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research:  Okay and then not to be too picky, but I wondered what’s the incremental marketing going from 10 to 5 that’s a $0.23 benefit and I know you said less interest income, but could you quantify how much that would be.
Angel Martinez: Well, let me kind of walk you through a little bit because I’m sure there is going to a question. So, let’s discuss it right now, with this Q1 by about $0.30 against our guidance. We differed about $2 million so that’s another to Q2. So, that’s a reduction of $0.10. So, we are up by $0.20 from Q1, the deferral in the marketing is about a share is about 23, so roughly we have $0.43 better.  However we are reducing Teva and Simple and TSUBO and our interest income is going to be lower by a couple of millions. So that those are the protection taken by the half of the additions that we are getting the benefit from Q1 in the lower marketing and that’s caused us to a slightly adjust our guidance from flat to slightly down to flat to slightly up.
Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research: My last one, I guess not to hop on the pitches third question that Chris had about the backlog, you said it’s no longer 40 is that because just you are closer to adding in Q1 or to guess, just a little bit of a clarification on that. 
Angel Martinez: Well, I think it’s no longer afforded because the orders since fall is basically done, the booking, so it’s higher than last year, but its not the same percentage otherwise the year according as I said enough with the Teva numbers being down and this simple is not to growing as we expected before. It’s still up and healthy, but not to do magnitude as it was the year end.
Elizabeth Montgomery - Longbow Research:  Okay, well let me ask this way, that UGG backlog has not changed at all since year end, has that gotten incrementally better or worse?
Angel Martinez:  Well the absolute dollar, it went up significantly.
Operator: Thank you. Gentlemen, at this time I’ll turn conference back over to you for any closing remarks.
Angel Martinez:  Well thank you, thanks to all of you for listening in this afternoon. Once again we are very happy with the progress we have made this quarter and continued to look forward to the growth of our brands across the world and with your support we are look forward to seeing you the trail out there. So appreciate it thanks very much. 
Operator:  Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentleman this concludes the Deckers Outdoor Corporation first quarter fiscal 2009 earnings conference call. Thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-26 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Angel Martinez – President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Thomas Hillebrandt – Chief Financial Officer Zohar Ziv – Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray Jeff Mintz – Wedbush Morgan Securities Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co. Jim Duffy – Thomas Weisel Partners Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation fourth quarter and fiscal 2008 year end earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would like to remind everyone this conference is being recorded.  Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor language. Please note that some of the information provided in this call will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These statements concern Deckers plans, expectations, and objectives for future operations.  The company cautions you that a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond its control, could cause Deckers actual results to differ materially from those described on this call. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in its earnings press release and in our SEC filings included in the risk factor section of its annual report on Form 10-K and its other documentations filed with the SEC. Among these risks is the fact that the company’s sales are highly sensitive to consumer preference, to general economic conditions, to the weather and to the choice of its customers to carry and promote its products. Deckers intends that all of its forward-looking statements and this call will be protected by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Deckers is not obligated to update its forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of future events. At this time, it’s my pleasure to turn the conference over to President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Angel Martinez. Please go ahead, sir.
Angel Martinez: With me on the call today are Tom Hillebrandt our Chief Financial Officer, and Zohar Ziv our Chief Operating Officer. Our record fourth quarter results exceeded our guidance and represented a very strong finish to another record year for the company.  While we’ve enjoyed several consecutive years of out performance, 2008 was particularly rewarding, as the past 12 months have proved to be the most challenging economic conditions in some time, and that goes without saying.  We are obviously very pleased with our record results. However, our sights remain firmly set on the future. Before we get into our outlook and strategy for 2009, I want to quickly review some of the key highlights from both the fourth quarter and the full year.  Beginning with Q4, total sales increased 56.3% to $303.5 million above our original guidance for sales to increase 52%. UGG sales increased 62% to $288 million. Diluted EPS, excluding the non-cash charges detailed in today’s earnings release, increased 50.6% to $4.05 above our original guidance for EPS to increase by 44%.  Now, to the full year. From a financial perspective, sales increased 53.6% to a record $689.4 million. UGG sales rose 67.5% to $582 million and set revenue records for all four quarters this past year. Simple sales increased 27.4% to $17.2 million. Domestic sales were $581.5 million, an increase of 50.4%. International sales rose 73.1% to $107.9 million. Retail same store sales rose 32.7%.  Diluted EPS, excluding the non-cash charges, increased 43.7% to a record $7.27 and we ended the year with $194.8 million or nearly $15 per share in cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments and no debts. Strategically, we acquired Tsubo and formed a joint venture in China. We opened five concept stores, including three international locations and one outlet store, and we introduced the first ever shop-in-shop at key accounts this past fall, including 40 in the U.S. and 29 internationally.  Operationally, we implemented an automated pick module for our recently expanded distribution center. We strengthened our executive leadership team by promoting Zohar Ziv to the newly created position of Chief Operating Officer. We hired Tom Hillebrandt as Chief Financial Officer, and we also added a Senior VP of Supply Chain, a Vice President of China and Source and we greatly enhanced our HR functions with the addition of Raphael Montgomery as VP of HR.  Tom will now review the financials in more detail and then outline our guidance. After that I’ll return to discuss our strategy for 2009 and beyond. 
Thomas Hillebrandt: For the fourth quarter, including sales from the wholesale division, as well as our retail and e-commerce divisions, net sales of UGG increased 62% to $288 million compared to $177.7 million in the same period of 2007.  Net sales of Teva products decreased 11.1% to $12.4 million versus $13.9 million for the fourth quarter of last year. And Simple net sales declined 12.3% to $2.3 million compared to $2.6 million in the corresponding period of 2007. Sales for both Teva and Simple were negatively impacted by the macroeconomic conditions.  For the fourth quarter, domestic sales, which are included in the brands sales numbers that I just gave you, increased 59.5% to $283.4 million compared to $177.7 million in the fourth quarter of 2007, while the international sales increased 21.3% to $20.1 million compared to $16.5 million a year ago. As a percentage of sales, international sales were 6.6% in Q4 of 2008 compared to 8.5% last year.  Our fourth quarter gross margin was 45.3% compared to last year’s fourth quarter of 48.2%. The year-over-year decline in our gross margin was primarily attributable to increased factory costs associated with our UGG brand, as well as an increase in closeout sales and inventory write-downs for Teva and Simple brands. Total SG&A expense for the fourth quarter was $52.8 million or 17.4% of net sales compared to $36.7 million or 18.9% of net sales a year ago.  The planned increased in SG&A in absolute dollars resulted primarily from an increase in personnel costs due to higher headcount and long-term incentive plan expense, additional distribution center costs related to our expansion in December 2007 and increased shipping volumes and higher sales in marketing variable cost related to the increase in sales, as well as six new retail stores that were not open during the full fourth quarter of 2007.  Our levels of cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments have been sufficient to self-finance the buildup of inventory required to meet increased sales, however, a significant shift in the mix of our cash and cash equivalents and investment balances in 2008 versus 2007 to safer more liquid and lower yielding investments, as well as lower market interest rates resulted in a fourth quarter decrease in interest income to approximately $0.7 million as compared to last year’s fourth quarter interest income of $1.4 million.  As stated in our earnings release, as part of our annual goodwill and indefinite lived asset impairment testing, the accounting valuations show that goodwill for Teva and Tsubo and the Teva trademarks were significantly below the carrying value of these intangibles on our balance sheet.  And, therefore, we recorded a non-cash pre-tax charge in the fourth quarter of $20.9 million reflecting the write-down of $15.4 million for all of the Teva and Tsubo goodwill, which was primarily caused by the significant decrease in the company’s market capitalization as the stock market as a whole has declined, as well as reduced forecast for the Teva brand.  In addition, the company recorded an impairment loss of $5.5 million on the Teva brand trademarks. This resulted primarily from the reduced forecast for the Teva brand. On an after tax basis, the impairment charge was $13 million or $0.99 per diluted share. Excluding the impact of the impairment charge, net income for the fourth quarter was $53.5 million or $4.05 per diluted share compared to $35.4 million or $2.69 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of last year.  For the full year, including sales from the wholesale division, as well as our retail and e-commerce divisions, net sales of UGG increased 67.5% to $582 million compared to $347.6 million in 2007. Net sales of Teva products decreased 1.6% to $86.5 million versus $87.9 million, and Simple net sales increased 27.4% to $17.2 million compared to $13.5 million last year.  Included in the brand sales numbers I just gave, domestic sales increased 50.4% to $581.5 million compared to $386.6 million in 2007, while international sales increased 73.1% to $107.9 million compared to $62.3 million a year ago. As a percentage of total sales, international sales represented 15.7% in 2008 versus 13.9% of total sales in 2007.  Our gross margin for the full year was 44.3% compared to 46.2% for the full year of 2007. Year-over-year decline was primarily driven by the increased factory cost associated with our UGG brand, a higher percentage of international sales, which carried lower gross margin, as well as increased inventory write-offs for Teva and Simple.  Total SG&A expense for 2008 was $152.6 million or 22.1% of net sales, compared to $101.9 million or 22.7% of net sales a year ago.  The planned increase in SG&A in absolute dollars resulted primarily from an increase in personnel costs, including additional stock compensation primarily related to our long-term incentive plan, additional distribution center costs related to our expansion in December 2007, and increased shipping volumes and higher sales and marketing variable costs related to the increase in sales, as well as six new retail stores that were not open during the full year of 2007, and an increase in our bad debt reserve due to higher credit risks in the current economic environment. Our effective income tax rate for 2008 was 38.7% versus an effective income tax rate of 39.6% in 2007. The decrease in the effective tax rate was primarily due to an increase in international sales as a percentage of total worldwide sales.  For 2009, we expect a further reduction in our effective tax rate as a result of the completion of buy-in payments for our Simple and UGG brands intellectual property rights, which were taxable in the U.S. at a higher tax rate. In addition, we expect that our international sales will continue to increase.  Excluding the impact of the impairment charges detailed in today’s earnings release, net income for the full year was $95.9 million or $7.27 per diluted share compared to $66.4 million or $5.06 per diluted share in 2007. Turning to the balance sheet, at December 31, 2008 our overall inventories increased to $92.7 million versus $51.8 million a year ago. By brand, UGG inventory increased $40.4 million to $67.9 million, Teva inventory decreased $2.5 million to $17.5 million, and Simple inventory increased $1.1 million to $5.4 million. Tsubo brand inventory totaled approximately $1.9 million at year end.  The increase in UGG inventory was primarily attributable to the increase in spring orders currently on our books coupled with retailer requests for more January deliveries, which required us to bring additional product in earlier than last year. The growth of our retail and e-commerce businesses from a year ago also contributed an additional $7.6 million to the increase in UGG’s inventory level as of December 31, 2008. Furthermore, we did carry over some holiday product from our core boot and slipper collections that have been sold for fall 2009. At December 31, 2008, our backlog of orders from our wholesale customers and distributors for all brands was up approximately 41% compared to December 31, 2007. While all orders in the backlog are subject to cancellation by customers, we expect that the majority of such orders will be filled in 2009.  Based upon our current visibility, we feel very comfortable with our overall inventory levels. At December 31, 2008 we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaling $194.8 million compared to $168.1 million at December 31 2007, and accounts receivable were $108.1 million compared to $72.2 million at December 31, 2007. Moving on to our outlook. With regard to our outlook for 2009, based on our current visibility, we expect revenues to increase approximately 6% to 9% over 2008 levels. For the full year by brand, we expect UGG sales to increase approximately 6% to 8%, Teva sales to be approximately 2% to 5% down, Simple sales to increase approximately 20% to 25%, Tsubo sales to be approximately $7 to $9 million and Ahnu sales to be approximately $4 to $6 million.  We currently expect diluted earnings per share to be flat to slightly down compared to 2008 levels, excluding the impact of the impairment charges recorded in the second and fourth quarters of 2008. Our forecast is based on a full year gross profit margin being approximately flat to slightly up compared to 2008, and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 25% to 26%.  It’s important to note that in addition to typical yearly increases in our spending, we expect incremental marketing expenditures to our SG&A in 2009 totaling $10 million or approximately $0.47 per diluted share that Angel will discuss in a moment. We anticipate our new Ahnu brand to have a negative impact of approximately $0.06 to $0.08 per diluted share for the full year of 2009. In addition, our fiscal 2009 guidance includes approximately $10.5 million of stock compensation expense and an effective tax rate of approximately 38% compared to 38.7% in 2008. For comparison purposes, while our 2009 diluted EPS guidance is flat to slightly down, if you take the $7.27 included EPS from 2008, back out approximately $0.08 for the pickup and the change in the effective tax rate, and add the $0.47 for the incremental marketing spend and $0.08 for the impact of Ahnu, you’re at $7.74 of diluted EPS, which is about 7% up from 2008 and in line with our sales guidance for 2009. Our capital expenditures for 2009 are forecasted to total approximately $19 to $21 million slightly down from our 2008 level. For the first quarter of 2009, we currently expect revenues to increase 22% and diluted earnings per share to decrease 28% compared to the first quarter of 2008 levels. First quarter guidance includes additional marketing investments in Simple and Tsubo of $2 million, lower gross margins compared to 2008 due to higher levels of wholesale and international distributor sale as a percentage of total sales expected this year, and higher levels of fixed overhead for new retail stores, warehouse operations, international infrastructure and general administrative costs.  As a reminder, a significant amount of our operating expenses are fixed and spread evenly on an absolute dollar basis throughout each quarter. This includes the cost associated with the six new stores that were not open this time a year ago. Therefore, due to the aforementioned increases in SG&A, we expect our earnings to decline in the first half of 2009, which is projected to include our lowest volume sales quarters and increase in the back half of the year. Now I’ll turn the call back to Angel for some closing remarks. Angel?
Angel Martinez:  While we’re coming off a very strong year, and we’re one of only a few companies in this phase to begin 2009 with solid momentum, we continue to be confident about our future growth prospects and our ability to maximize the full potential of our brand portfolio. However, the current economic situation and its impact on the consumer environment has retailers across the board planning their business more conservatively than ever and, therefore, we have to as well. As Tom just outlined, we currently expect full year revenues to increase approximately 6% to 9% over 2008 levels and diluted EPS to be flat to slightly down compared to this past year. Let me provide you with more color on our expectation for 2009, and some additional details on both our near and long-term growth strategies.  In discussing 2009, I believe it is important to look at where we’ve come from over the past few years and what our vision is for the future. As recently as five years ago, the UGG brand was primarily a third and fourth quarter business with a majority of our business in wholesale.  There was a tremendous amount of demand for the brand during the fall and holiday season and we were garnering a great deal of media exposure at the same time. In an effort to build off this momentum and evolve the UGG brand into a year round brand a global life style brand we implemented a comprehensive strategy that we’ve been successfully executing over the past four years.  During this time we’ve significantly diversified the fall line, introduced a spring collection, expanded the men’s collection, launched retail, evolved our e-commerce business and grown overseas. While we’ve achieved much, there is still work to be done in order to reach our long-term goals.  As we begin 2009, we see an opportunity to take advantage of our recent performance and strong balance sheet to further solidify our leadership position and grow our market share. While many companies are being forced to reduce their operating budgets and delay expansion plans, we’ll be accelerating several pieces of our growth strategy.  First our retail division, opening our own stores has been a key part of the UGG brands evolution over the past couple of years, as it has allowed us to merchandise a broad assortment of product, reach new consumers and create a selling environment that does a tremendous job of highlighting the true lifestyle nature of the brand.  Along with the emergence of our e-commerce platform and the recent introduction of shop-in-shops, these new vehicles represent a transformation from our traditional wholesale business to a more complete and enhanced sales and brand building strategy. In 2008, we opened five full price UGG brand stores San Francisco, New York, Beijing and two in London, as well as an outlet in New Jersey to end the year with 13 stores in total.  Our initial plans for 2009 include two new domestic locations and five overseas. Internationally the stores will be primarily in Europe with a couple in Asia. We also plan to expand a number of shop-in-shops this year.  On average, the 40 domestic and 29 international shop-in-shops that were in place for fall 2008 showcased 100 different SKUs compared to approximately 40 for a standard retail customer, and at a minimum drove a 35% to 50% increase in retail sales at these accounts versus the previous year. Beyond the incremental sales benefit, these shops provide us with a great way to educate consumers on the diversity of the product line and ultimately broaden appeal for the entire brand.  Importantly, much of the success we experience with the shop-in-shops came at the expense of our competitors as our casual boots and wedge boots were positioned against other brands and were incremental to our sales of twin-face boots and slippers. We expect to add another 50 shop-in-shops for fall and holiday 2009, including 30 in the U.S. and 20 internationally.  Now to our international plans, the stores we opened in London and Beijing marked our first consumer direct operations outside the U.S. In 2009, we will further expand our global footprint in Japan where we will assume ownership of the UGG Australia boutique store at the prestige Omotesando Hills shopping complex in Tokyo.  We will also, with the assistance of local logistics and sales expertise, assume direct responsibility for our whole sale operations in this important market. Japan has long been a strong market for luxury goods and all indicators suggest a stronger demand and a significantly larger opportunity for the UGG Australia brand in Japan than we realized to date.  We’re confident that under our direction in Japan we can increase exposure and drive demand by selectively increasing distribution and implementing a cohesive and comprehensive marketing and advertising strategy. UGG spring business is off to a good start with no cancellations to date and retailers taking product even earlier than last year. We’re seeing nice success with our new rain boots and our knit category continues to grow rapidly. We are currently in the process of selling in fall ’09 and the initial response to our expanded line of men’s, women’s and kid’s product, including more casuals, has been very positive. While our retailers are being forced to operate with more caution given the uncertainty in the market place, they’re telling us that, not only did UGG perform well during their holiday season, but it continues to contribute to their full price selling. Therefore we’re seeing a greater percentage of the total open to buy dollars being dedicated to UGG products and early indications point to most wholesale accounts planning their business up in 2009. I’d like to ask specific acknowledgment for [Connie Reishman] and the UGG team. They’ve executed flawlessly, especially in a difficult environment, we could not have a more talented, passionate and dedicated team. They make it look easy, while all of our competitors know that it is anything but. For Simple, 2008 was an important year during which we heighten awareness of the brand, continue to add new distribution and experience successful sell through at retail. I believe Simple’s full year performance led by ecoSNEAKS underscores our progress in penetrating the mainstream and has left little doubt there is a place with the brand and its appealing product offering and eco-friendly positioning in the marketplace. In 2009, we’ve expanded the ecoSNEAKS collection with several new styles, incorporated new fabrics and color patterns and will be introducing our collections four times a year in order to keep the assortments at retail fresh and relevant. The evolution of the product, coupled with the reaction from retails and consumers, has us optimistic that we can gain market share. In an effort to increase consumer brand awareness and market share, we’ll be making a significant investment in our marketing efforts for Simple.  We’ve hired the fourth largest ad in the world JWT to help us craft a new message that targets a broader audience. The new campaign is called “Less is Greater than More” and is launching this week in extensive national and regional print and online campaign.  Our main focus going into 2009 is to continue to increase distribution. We are launching the brand this March in 200 Journey stores for men and women and for the first time in over a decade we’ll be a part of the Nordstrom anniversary event this summer. Our plan for Teva is to maintain course in 2009. We’ve been very pleased with the strategic advances we’ve made in repositioning the brand over the past couple of years, particularly in this challenging environment.  The overriding theme for our retail partners has been that Teva is back to being one of the few core brands in the outdoor space. This is underscored by our recent performance within key accounts, most notably REI where Teva was the only footwear brand nominated for vendor of the year. We begin 2009 with a stronger brand management team and new systems and processes that will improve our forecasting ability. Despite the fact that many of Teva’s retailers have reduced their open to buy dollars by as much as 20%, our initial expectations are for sales to be down only slightly in 2009. And we feel good about the brands ability to weather this challenging period better than most of its competition. We still believe there is a growth potential for the Teva brand, but the economy, as it is today, has forced us to move out growth rates by a few years. We’ve previously stated that we believe that the Teva brand can generate $140 million of annual sales by 2012. We’re revising that guidance and now expect Teva to generate annual sales of $110 million by 2010. Last May we announced the acquisition of Tsubo, a moderate to high end casual lifestyle brand, which we are re-launching for the fall of 2009. We are in the process of building distribution and better department stores like Macy’s West, Nordstrom and Dillard’s, as well as independent specialty shops in select metropolitan locations around the country. Product mix is approximately 70% women’s to 30% men’s and consists of dress, leisure and casual styles. We feel good about what we’ve accomplished since taking over control of the brand and the response to retailers has been encouraging. We’re working with JWT as well on our new brand message to support the fall launch, and we’ve budgeted an incremental $4 million for targeted marketing and advertising programs, along with new point of sales materials. Now that said, it is obviously a very tough time to be introducing a new line at retail and we’ll continue to monitor closely the brands progress over the next few months, which will dictate how much of that additional marketing spend is utilized this year.  Now more recently we reached an agreement to acquire the small outdoor brand Ahnu and the transaction is scheduled to close by the end of March subject to customary closing conditions. Over time, we believe there is an opportunity to leverage our position in the outdoor industry to expand Ahnu and grow our share of the outdoor lifestyle market, especially in women’s. As we’ve demonstrated over the past several years, we run our business conservatively which has served us and our shareholders well. We’ve stayed true to our long-term strategy of how to properly build brands.  Now this is not to say that we don’t or won’t spend money to take advantage of opportunities when they become available, and that is our plan for 2009. While our decision to accelerate certain capital expenditures and increase our operating expense will mitigate our near-term earnings power, we’re confident that these strategic investments will drive future market share gains and better position the company for greater success when the economy recovers.  We believe that our plans, which I’ve stated here, will assist us to achieve our long-term sales targets for 2012 of $1 billion with UGG representing $750 million, $110 million from Teva, $80 million from Simple, and $40 million for Tsubo and $20 million for Ahnu. With that, I’d like to thank you all for listening and would like to turn the call over for questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question will be from Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: A question on the guidance the up 6% to 8% for the year, can you give us a little bit more color on first half versus second half, and also how much of that would be international versus the international contribution this year given I think you’ve articulated the expansion of doors of the spring product. So, guessing that the front half would be stronger growth then the back half, but just wanted you to share a little bit more color on that.
Thomas Hillebrandt:  Jeff, it’s Tom, we haven’t broken down the brand sales by quarter, but from a percentage growth standpoint first half versus second half, yes, I think directionally that’s right at the higher percentage in first half then second half. And regarding international, we’ve indicated that our plans are to increase in retail stores outside the U.S., which would drive some additional incremental international volume in 2009.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: What about plans for the international distributor and distributors outside of the U.S. generally speaking, as those either come up for renewal or other considerations for acquiring those? Can you give us any more specific details on the outlook there?
Angel Martinez: Yes. We continue to go down that path as appropriate markets become available. We will be taking a very hard look at whether or not those should be part of our subsidiary model. I think the important thing to keep in mind is that we sort of hit on a methodology driven by initial penetration of the market with retail moving from there to the shop-in-shop approach that drives the wholesale business, and eventually beyond that to the consumer direct and the model on the internet. The other think I mentioned on my comments was Japan. This is a model where it’s particularly appropriate for Japan, we have a currently distributor owned boutique in Omotesando Hills shopping area. That boutique performed extremely well. We feel we can do a much better job. We think there’s an opportunity to build from that small foundation stone, and the consumer in Japan loved UGG, which if you move around the world, that’s the common thread that you see in every market.  We just have a tremendous relationship with the consumer. They love the brand, they love the products. And the frustration they tend to have is they just can’t find it. And when they do, as we have shown in the London stores, they tend to lineup outside even in a tough economic environment. So, as a result we feel pretty confident. There are many, many points of reference that validate our thinking and out methodology as we roll distribution around the world. 
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray:  Two other quick things, Tom you mentioned you increased reserves or bad debt reserves in anticipation of some write-offs. Can you give us a little bit more color there and what activity you’re already seeing coming out of the holiday season? And are you going to be calling some independent distribution or smaller account distribution to try to head-off some of those write-offs in the future?  And remind us, you said you carried some of your fall product forward for ‘09, some of the boot and slipper product. Was that it didn’t sell through in ‘08 and you carried it forward in ‘09, or it was received late? Not clear on that.
Thomas Hillebrandt:  I’ll answer the credit one first. Related to this year, obviously with the economy, we had to kind of take a look at some our accounts and how we do the bad debt here is similar to what a lot of companies do you. You look at it from a credit rating standpoint. And so we did downgrade some of our accounts, which led to some increase in the reserve for those accounts, and we’ve been working through things here in the first quarter and seeing how things shake out. I mean everybody sees the big names out there, but from an exposure standpoint of there being lots of or any significant amounts of write-offs so far in 2009 we have not seen that yet. Regarding the carryover inventory, it's inline product that we had more in inventory then what we’ve had in the past. And so, again, it's inline and we’ve got orders for it to go out the door in fall of ‘09. So we weren’t concerned about the carryover that inventory, but it did contribute some to the year end balance. 
Operator:  Our next question is from Jeff Mintz – Wedbush Morgan Securities.
Jeff Mintz – Wedbush Morgan Securities:  Angel, could you give us a little more detail on the Japan transition and what the timing of that is, whether there’s any cost to you guys in order to take over that distribution and how you think it impacts ‘09?
Angel Martinez:  Yes. We expect to move fairly quickly. We’ve been in conversation with them now for quite awhile. As I said, it will begin with taking over the mall boutique that they have. We’re looking at expanding into a full blown concept store and that we feel is a big opportunity. Obviously real estate pricing is coming in our direction in lots of the world.  So we’re kind of keeping our power drive but it’s all about location. So from that foundation we’re going to be driving the brand growth to shop-in-shops beyond that. So it’s a fairly aggressive attack, but I feel the market in Japan is ready for our brand and has been looking for it.
Jeff Mintz – Wedbush Morgan Securities:  And the incremental advertising you’re doing in 2009 does that kind of then roll into 2010 as part of your SG&A expense or can we expect to see kind of a little bit of a pullback as we roll into 2010?
Angel Martinez:  You’ll see us pullback to more normal levels. I mean one of the things about building brands is you make all this investment in building the product line getting it exactly where you want it, creating spread and assortment so that you have an appealing mix for the retailer then you build distribution. Let’s talk about Simple for a moment. And just when you get to that point the brand requires now an influx of investment to bring the brand to life at retail because you’ve now got the distribution you’ve been looking for to get it sold through.  And that’s really what Simple’s need is really specifically consumer awareness, and JWT has done a great job of helping find a more universal appealing message for the brand and we’re really excited about rolling it out. So that’s an important component of everything we’ve been working on to get to this point with Simple.  On the Tsubo side, here’s a brand that has tremendous potential, we feel it fills a very important void in the market place. We’ve had a great response to the fall ’09 product line, and if we to just invest on the standard and typical allocation of marketing dollars based on sales, we wouldn’t make one little dent in the market, we wouldn’t draw any confidence from our retailers.  We wouldn’t have the money to invest in point of sale or pop. So it requires an effort against getting this brand launched in a way that gives the retailer confidence that it’s a brand to build on. So that’s the rationale behind and we expect, as we move forward, we’ll revert back to more normal investment levels.
Jeff Mintz – Wedbush Morgan Securities: And, Tom, finally back to the accounts receivable balance, obviously it looks like it is up pretty significantly year over year. What’s the aging look like on that and is that something you expect to work down as we get kind of the end of the first and second quarter.
Thomas Hillebrandt:  We’ll definitely work down from an aging standpoint I think things still look pretty good. We have seen a little bit of slowing on payments, again, given the current situation it’s not too unexpected. It hasn’t deteriorated dramatically but we have seen a little bit of slowing. 
Operator: Our next question is from Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Management.
Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets:  My question is on the revenue expectations for UGG in the near-term here. You mentioned that you had a 40% plus, I think, order backlog and your guiding in the 20% range in revenue, so I’m just wondering if you can walk us through the differential there and reconcile the difference.  I think you mentioned you weren’t any order cancellations, there’s been a lot of sort of speculation in the market about order cancellations from big retailers and I just wanted you to clear that up for us and give us a sense of what your expectation are on the order side.
Thomas Hillebrandt: Well, specific to the backlog comment and question, the increase that I stated in my section is a backlog that is all orders, not just spring, it includes spring and fall. So it’s not just looking at the spring business. 
Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: How does that compare to where you had hoped they would be?
Angel Martinez: I think we’re very happy we’re very satisfied with where we sit on our backlog. It’s an indication of how well received the fall ’09 product has been. And certainly the enthusiasm over spring, which as I said, we have had no cancellations on.
Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. Just a quick question on the stock comp the 10 million is that around the same level as last year can you minus or is there an incremental number there?
Thomas Hillebrandt: No. The stock comp is up this year. It’s about 300,000 up.  
Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: Is that ’09 number versus ’08? 
Thomas Hillebrandt: Yes.
Operator: Our next question is from Chris Svezia – Susquehanna financial Group.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group:  Just I guess a couple questions. First just a follow-up on the prior question, Tom you had talked about the 41% increase in the order backlog and that’s obviously for spring and fall in terms of what you’re seeing right now.  I guess reconcile that with your overall revenue growth up six to nine given the fact that you obviously are anniversarying significant store growth in Q4 this past year, and obviously looking to continue open up retail doors as well. So I’m just trying to get some understand or reconcile between the increase in backlog broadly speaking and your revenue outlook for ’09.
Thomas Hillebrandt: The increase in backlog, again, we don’t’ have all of the orders for the full amount of revenue. You do have a portion of your business that is not pre-booked. In particular all of the consumer direct but retail and e-commerce, which for us right now in 2008, was roughly around 15%. So you’ve got that piece of the business that you don’t have a pre-book on so you need to factor that into account, as well as when we do the guidance and fortunately for spring we have not seeing any cancellations. It’s too early to say about fall. So we’ve conservatively made some assumptions regarding cancellations in fall as well.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. Angel, when you heard mentioned that a lot of your key accounts, I guess that applies to the U.S., where you’re getting additional open to buy and they’re planning you up potentially for fall. Could you just maybe add some color about existing accounts that you have and potentially new doors or new expansions Nordstrom is opening a couple of doors, Journey is opening doors, Neiman Marcus, etc.  Can you maybe just add some color between existing comp store growth and potentially incremental additional growth for the brands?
Angel Martinez: Yes. Obviously I can’t comment on specific customers, but as a general statement, one of the things that’s occurred as a result of the success that we’ve had in 2008, is the retailer having a much higher confidence level with the brand performing for them in a tough environment, especially at full price. So you tend to put your open to buy dollars against what is working and what generated most revenue, and that seems to be what’s going on.  So we’re really get share across the board in existing doors from the competition. In addition, we’re getting a good response to the men’s line and the kid’s line, so that’s also offering up an opportunity to grow spread and assortment in the existing account base.  And as I mentioned earlier, it isn’t just the shop-in-shops, but as a result of more spread and assortment, you have a much better enhanced retail presence, which creates for the consumer more excitement more opportunity to bring more colors and new styles, which sort of feeds on itself. So the bulk of what we’re seeing is really driven by in the U.S. the existing account base selling more of our products.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. Then just on the inventory, I guess I got to ask this question. The UGG inventory, and correct me if I’m wrong here, looks like it’s up 148% or so coming out of the fiscal year. You threw out obviously you have some carryover products you’re obviously building to some degree for spring business.  But given kind of the revenue outlook for the brand for the year, kind of walk us through and get us comfortable with that level of increase of inventory in terms of what you’re sitting on right now relative to your outlook.
Thomas Hillebrandt: Sure this is Tom. As I had mentioned, we did have some carryover so you’ve got some of that built in there at the end of year. Just looking at Q1 kind of the order flow this year was heavier in January than it was last year. So we had to bring stuff in earlier related to Q1 to have it in at the end of the year. And then also, as we expand our retail business internationally, that does add incrementally to our revenue. Here in the U.S. we’re able to service those retail stores out of our warehouse in Camarillo. Obviously internationally we can’t do that so we do have to have a pool of inventory available in Europe and in Asia to service those stores over there. So that’s added some incremental inventory to the UGG balance at the end of the year as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co. :  I’ve got a few questions and just a follow-up on the backlog. Tom, you mentioned that between retail and e-commerce that’s about 15% of your sales that business in not pre-booked. Could you say how much of your wholesale business is pre-booked versus at once?
Thomas Hillebrandt: No. We haven’t disclosed that. We have indicated that when you break it down by brand, UGG does have a higher percentage of pre-book on its wholesale than the other brands, but we haven’t given a percentage.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: And then you mentioned your obviously making some assumptions for cancellations on fall orders, are you also assuming that reorders are going to be pretty minimal as well over the course of the year?
Thomas Hillebrandt: We have conservatively estimated the back half.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. And then I don’t know if I caught it. When you talked about the backlog, did you say that was as year end or was that as of the date of the call or?
Thomas Hillebrandt: No. That’s of 12/31/08.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. How much of your fall orders are typically in at that point? And what percentage of your overall fall order book is usually you have paper in hand by that time of year?
Thomas Hillebrandt: We haven’t broken that down.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay. Angel, on Japan I guess I’m a little confused there. I know that’s been a small market for you guys in the past, but if I guess just sort of clarity on that. So your saying you’re taking over that one store and you’re also taking over the distribution rights to the Japanese market, is that correct?
Angel Martinez: Yes. We are taking over the wholesale distribution in the Japanese market, correct.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: What does that whole sale distribution look like today is it just that one store?
Angel Martinez: No. We have a few customers, but it has not been satisfactory the way that the business had been growing there. We think the demand far exceeds supply, as is sometimes typical with distribution arrangements between brands like ours and some Japanese companies. There’s a very, very slow and ultraconservative approach to building the business, which we feel that there’s significantly more opportunity than that. So that’s a large part of why we’re taking over.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: From where will you be running that business?
Angel Martinez: We’ll be running the business from, well we’ll have a group in Japan overseeing the Japanese business, and we’ll be slowly building an infrastructure from there combined with our greater Asia Pacific strategic office and driving that out of Hong Kong.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: How quickly can you ramp up that wholesale distribution? I mean will you be taking orders for fall or is this more of a 2010 event?
Angel Martinez: I think it’s more of a 2010 event. I think you’ll see us evolve the 2009 retail business and then working with the selected distribution that we currently have to enhance our presentation and really establish the brand platform and the positioning for the brand as a premium brand. And there is a lot of excitement about that with the better department stores with opportunity for shop-in-shops and this kind of thing.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: And then lastly on that, did you buy back the distribution rights or did that distribution agreement run its course or how did that transpire?
Angel Martinez: The distribution agreement ended. 
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: And then just two other items, in terms of UGG performance for the year, I guess there’s still a fair amount of investors concerned out there about this just being a single item brand and it’s all driven by the classic boot. So maybe you could help us a little bit and let us know what percentage of your UGG sales for the year were driven off the classic, and maybe talk about the growth year-over-year in the classic boot versus other product in the UGG business?
Angel Martinez: Again, I won’t comment on the specific percentage. All you have to do is go look at what’s at retail, what’s on display and talk to any retailer about the significance of non-classic UGG in their stores year round, including sandals and the variety of other products, wedges that we were super successful with, the Cardy boot, which is a knit boot in an entire category now all on its own.  The brand has evolved so far past that dependent on the one item. Yes, it’s an important item, there’s no doubt about it. Air Force One is an important item to Nike, so is Air Jordan. Those are core items that are pillars of the brand, but the brand is built on far more than that.  And again, you talk to any retailer out there and they’ll tell you what’s performing at retail and UGG is the brand it’s not the item. They’re all very happy they’re not 100% dependant on classic boots and that was the strategy from the beginning, which we’re very proud of the fact that we evolved to this place. It’s a great place to be.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: And then last question for Tom. If I take the midpoint of your sales guidance for the year and the midpoint of your SG&A outlook, I guess I’ve got SG&A coming up around 36.5 million, 20.5 for those two items you mentioned. So where else are you seeing your SG&A increase, and are there any areas within the cost structure of the business that you’re actually attempting to take down expenses at this point given the environment that we’re in?
Thomas Hillebrandt: Well, the other increases, as I kind of pointed out, one is just in the stores so you’ve got additional SG&A. We tend to open our stores in the back half of the year and mostly in the fourth quarter, which is when they’re the most profitable and have the highest sales. So when you kind of grandfather them in for the full year, you’re picking up that overhead on a full year basis. Also at the end of ‘07 and into ‘08, we enhanced our capability in our warehouse and added the pick module, so we’ve got some additional infrastructure costs coming online for that. And then internationally, as we’ve been talking about, that’s a big focus of ours to expand and grow and to do that you do have to invest in some infrastructure and people on the ground over in those countries to help make all that happen.
Operator: Our next question is from Jim Duffy – Thomas Weisel Partners. 
Jim Duffy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Angel, question for you. You mentioned in the fall order book or in fall open to buy dollars you expect to gain share. Do you have a feel for where overall retailer open to buy dollars for fall? What percentage that will be down?
Angel Martinez: I really don’t. It just really depends to a large extent by class of trade. We know that in the outdoor industry we’re seeing 20% reductions in open to buy. I think retailer to retailer, some are doing better than others, so it’s just really hard to say. We just look at what kind of response we’re getting to UGG and I think we’re going to grow a share as a result of some of the weakness that’s inherent out there in the competition. 
Jim Duffy – Thomas Weisel Partners: So maybe looking at some of the publicly traded department stores and the comp guidance that they’ve given, are they planning open to buy dollars down more than the comp guidance that they’re giving?
Angel Martinez:  I think what they’re doing is they’re keeping their powder dry. A lot of them are not committing to open to buy dollars so early in the year. What they’re saying is they are going to chase the business as it becomes available as they see the economy improve. They want brands to be able to service them in much quicker turnaround so they don’t have to make those kinds of commitments. So to a large extent, it’s a bit of a moving target.  I think there are people out there who are just pulling back completely because they feel that there is some weakness inherent to their business. Perhaps their business was soft before this whole thing happened, maybe their stores were not well merchandised, the product mix was wrong. There are other retailers out there who are quite strong and we haven’t seen a significant reduction in their approach.  They’re being actually certainly aggressive with us and wanting to grow their business with us. So you almost have to do it on a store-by-store basis. Yes, across the board it’s a bit of a nightmare for people. There’s no doubt about that. It’s just hard to predict what’s going to happen and there are some scary predictions of consumer behavior out there. So, you want to keep your powder dry. I think that’s how people are approaching it.
Jim Duffy – Thomas Weisel Partners: And then with regards to the long-term objectives to 2012 and a billion in revenue, that implies a 10% top line CAGR. Like in 2009, does this plan require investment in SG&A that runs ahead of the rate of revenue growth?
Angel Martinez: I don’t think so. I think we’ve been making the investments necessary to get to that level strategically over the last few years and we’ll continue to do that, but it won’t be ahead of the rate of revenue growth.
Jim Duffy – Thomas Weisel Partners: And how many years do we need to look into the future to see leverage on the SG&A line? At what point will all those investments be made such that you can start to benefit from them?
Angel Martinez: I would probably give it a couple years.
Jim Duffy – Thomas Weisel Partners: After hours here stocks kind of trading in the high 40s, which puts it at about 2.5 times enterprise value to EBITDA. For shareholders on the call, why wouldn’t you guys see it as good use of the cash to buy back shares at such a low valuation?
Thomas Hillebrandt: Jim, it’s Tom, I’ll take that one. From just our cash standpoint, what we feel is a better use of it right now is investing in this business. We’ve got working capital needs and, while we have 200 million at the end of the year, if you go back and look at our cash, it fluctuates pretty significantly because of our working capital needs.  So just given the environment we’re in right now, we think it’s a good idea for the company and the shareholders for us to have such a strong balance sheet that we have with our cash and not take and use it to do a stock buyback as you suggest given this environment, that we’re better suited to have the cash on our balance sheet, have it there so that we can meet our working capital needs and continue to grow the business.
Angel Martinez: We also feel there’s an opportunity with we’re in a position certainly with UGG that’s somewhat enviable I’m certain and it gives us opportunity. It gives us an opportunity to grow share and establish a very strong foundation for growth going forward. At some point, the economy will turnaround and having been a retailer myself, I know that you never forget who was there to help you and support you and help you struggle through a bad time. As a total company, our brands are there to support our retailers, we’re there to provide them with the opportunity to grow their business and certainly survive some tough times and maybe a little more reliance on UGG than in past years. That is a good thing for UGG right now because we’re going to grow some share. We’re going to be stronger as we come out of this than we were going in. 
Jim Duffy – Thomas Weisel Partners: So do you expect to use the balance sheet to help retailers through this and how much cash do you need to support the working capital needs of the business as you look forward? My model looks like you’ve got a pretty good buffer. 
Tom Hillebrandt: Yes. We do have a good buffer but, again, if you look at kind of the flow through to the year in our working capital cycle, we tend to buildup in Q2 and kind of get the low point in cash around in third quarter. And as we talked about we do need to invest in inventory internationally so there are incremental needs there.  Specific to helping out retailers, as I had indicated earlier in talking about the payment cycle, we are seeing a little bit of slowing and so that takes some additional working capital to provide cushion for that. So those kinds of things are what we’re thinking of. 
Angel Martinez: The independent retailer out there really does value in these times dating on their invoices and we’re able to do that to support them where necessary. Shop-in-shops is another thing that we have an opportunity to get more real estate in stores because of the strength of our brand and that costs money. So even though we do share that cost with the retailer, we want to be aggressive in growing that opportunity. I just think we’re in a strong position and we like the use of cash to keep us there. 
Operator: Your last question comes from Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets. 
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Markets: Angel, any more detail you can give us around the marketing plans for Simple and Tsubo? 
Angel Martinez: Well, as I said, for Simple we’ve come so far with ecoSNEAKS and one of the important things to understand about ecoSNEAKS is not just it’s appropriateness for the market given the sustainability story and the eco-friendly nature of the product, but also the price point, $55 to $60 is what we call a killer price point in that kind of product.  And the product line has now evolved to be very strong for men’s and women’s and kids. We think there is a very significant core business out there in vulcanized footwear like that, which we feel that very little less fresh in the market and the retailers are telling us when they see the line that they agree with that.  So we’re going to be supporting our retailers. We’re going to be out there with point of sale. We’re going to be tagging them on ads. We’re going to be doing a variety of things necessary and more importantly, get the message out to include more people. I think the previous message from Simple was a bit exclusive.  If you weren’t of a certain environmental or ecological mindset we were inadvertently putting up a barrier. You had to be a certain shade of green to buy Simple and this new message changes that and invites more people in and we’ve tested it and we feel that it’s very appropriate. So there is an opportunity.  On the Tsubo side, again as I was saying, we’re not going to go out with a brand this good with the response that we’ve had in the fall that this strong with a pea-shooter. You really got to get out there and make sure the retailer understands you’re serous about this, it’s a great opportunity. You’re going to pick your shops in the key markets around the country and really try to drive some business and bring consumers to something new and fresh.  So it’s an exciting opportunity. We will continue to do that kind of stuff. We’re a product and marketing and consumer driven company and to pullback when you have nothing to drive is one thing, but to pullback when you’ve got great products and great brands, that’s a whole other thing. It’s a little bit counterintuitive. 
Operator: Gentlemen, please continue with any closing comments you may have. 
Angel Martinez: I’d like to thank everyone for sitting in on the call. Clearly, it’s been a record year. We’re very proud of our team and thankful for all of you that have been supporting our brand and where we’re going down the road. So we will look forward to talking to you again in the end of first quarter. 
Operator: This does conclude your conference for today. We thank you very much for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-10-24 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Angel Martinez – President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Thomas Hillebrandt - Chief Financial Officer Zohar Ziv - Chief Operating Officer
Analysts: Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc. Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co. Sam Poser – Sterne Agee & Leach Chris Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel [Unidentified Analyst] - Chelsea Advisory Group
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation third quarter fiscal of 2008 earnings conference. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question and answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time. (Operator Instructions). I would also like to remind everyone today’s call is being recorded. Before we begin, I would like also to remind everyone of the Company’s State Harbor language. Please note that some of the information provided in this call will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These statements concern Deckers’ plans, expectations, and objectives for future operations. The Company cautions you that in number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond its control can cause Deckers’ actual results to differ materially from those described on this call. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in the risk factor section of its annual report on Form 10-K and its other documentations filed with the SEC. Among these risks is the fact that the Company sales are highly sensitive to consumer performance, to general economic conditions, to weather and to the choice of its customers to carry and promote its products. Deckers intends that all of these forward-looking statements in this call will be protected by the Safe Harbor provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Deckers is not obligated to update its forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of future events. I would now like to turn the conference over to President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Angel Martinez. Please go ahead sir.
Angel Martinez: Thank you very much operator, and welcome to all of you. With me on the call today are Tom Hillebrandt, our Chief Financial Officer and Zohar Ziv, our Chief Operating Officer, who is calling in from a remote location. As we previously reported two weeks ago, the third quarter represented another period of robust growth for our Company. Actual sales increased 52.5%, $297.3 million, and diluted earnings per share were 34% to $1.97 million. This compares to our regional guidance per sales and diluted EPS to increase 34% and 12% respectively. Our result were particularly rewarding given the reason events that have impacted the global economy and placed additional strain on consumers and their disposable income. I believe our performance year-to-date underscores the strength of our brands and the successful execution of our disciplined growth strategy, specifically the third quarter our brand sales increased 57.1% to a record $178.7 million compared to a year ago. Teva brand sales were $11.2 million the same as last year, and Simple brand sales were up 16.6% to $5.2 million compared to last year. The main driver of our performance was once again the UGG brands. Domestically, we have continued to experience very high and favorable reaction to our expanded full year offering while benefiting from increased floor and shelf space within our existing account base. As we mentioned on our second quarter call, back in August, retailers scheduled Fall shipments earlier than previous years as the UGG brand continues to evolve into a true year round brand. Throughout the third quarter, we witnessed strong sales toward retail in all regions of the country and in many instances out-of-stock positions on key items much sooner into the season than we have historically seen. I think this is a very good indicator that demand continues to outpace supplies, which bodes well as we head into the holiday. With more than 140 styles, the fall line is our most diverse collection ever, not only does not include a greater selection of women boots but a wider assortment of men of rather casuals and slippers for men and children as well. While many of our best sellers continue to come from our classic and metropolitan collections, we are experiencing very nice traction from our expanded surf and coat weather collections. We ended September with 35 of our shop-in-shops open at retail up from none in the third quarter and 10 on the fourth quarter of last year and the results from these locations are very strong. At the same time, our national advertising campaign supporting the fall line debut in August and concurrently be found in the issues of Vogue, Teen Vogue, Glamour, Vanity Fair, Lucky, O and GQ through December, as well as on billboards in select metropolitan areas. Using the Resort Town of Bahns and the Canadian Rockies as a backdrop, they ads do a terrific job of showcasing a lifestyle nature of the UGG brand. Overseas, we are seeing similar demands for the fall line with the established market flight to UK and Benelux, reporting strong year-over-year growth. Meanwhile, newer territories such as Scandinavia and Germany are off to a very solid starts with the brand. Our Canadian business is also very strong. With regard to our international business, it has been well documented that many of the same measures impacting the domestic economy and retail environment have spread to Europe, that said, like the US, we have not seen any slowdown in our business and in fact sales outside the US were up 91.9% year-to-date and we are forecasting another robust holiday season in our foreign markets. Of all our brands, Teva’s market is by far the most competitors, given this in the difficult retail environment, we are pleased with the third quarter performance, which was highlighted by the launch of the brand’s first truly complete fall performance in last outline of clothes footwear. The development of this collection as the key component of our strategy to target a broader outdoor performance category and we are confident at the strength and authenticity of the brands that allows us to develop a meaningful business for the fall season. Inaugural lines featured approximately 24 new styles of clothes footwear and as being sold through key accounts such of REI, Famous Footwear as well as independent retailers across the country. We have been particularly pleased with the performance of several styles that sold in very well and more importantly sold through nicely during the quarter, this includes the men’s Temur and a women’s Cape and the Mountain for men, women and children slip on casual that we believe has the ability to capture key market share in the years ahead. We also introduced the fall line of select overseas markets such as Benelux, Switzerland and Hong Kong and the results were comparable to the US. Many of our retailers continue to be pleased with the new direction of Teva and have expressed confidence that the brand can be relevant on a year round basis. Now, Simple which posted its four consecutive quarter of strong double-digit growth. Simple’s performance was driven by an increasing consumer brand awareness and strong sell-through from the fall 2008 ecoSNEAKS collection. Core styles, such as the women’s satire and Karat are experiencing solid and consistent weekly sell through rate at key accounts such as Nordstrom, Journey’s, shift stores, and Dillard’s. It is worth noting that Nordstrom recently added the Karat to their auto-replenishment program, which guarantees greater than our weekly base, which guarantees reorders on a weekly basis. I think this is really underscores the rapid acceptance and the early success we have seen with ecoSNEAKS just launched last year. We also expanded the Simple franchise with the debut of Planet Walkers and to our influential independent retail partners this past August. The line is currently experiencing low double-digit, weekly sell through rates and many of these accounts, which have been encouraging for a brand new collection of casual footwear retailing for over $120 in this difficult economic environment. At the same, our simple.com, internet business another external e-commerce site likes, samples.com and endless.com remain very strong. The success of Simple continues to experience within the internet channel distribution, further validates of the consumers are actively seeking out the brand. This is also a good indication that Simple’s product will benefit from increased point to distribution of retail, which continues to be a top priority for the brand. Like our wholesale business sales from our direct operations, once again, outpaced expectations. Beginning with our e-commerce platform, revenues increased 36% to $10.6 million with increases coming from our UGG and Simple brand sites. The investments we have made over the past several years enhancing the consumer experience in approving the overall functionality continue to translate into higher conversion rates. Turning the retail, in the third quarter increased 92.3% over the same period last year to $5.4 million and included approximately a month and half of sales of our newest concept store that opened in San Francisco in mid August. We have continued to see traffic and transactions increased across our store base, driving a same source of its sales gain of 32.7% over the third quarter of last year or stores open at least one year. The fourth quarter will be our busiest period of expansion yet, as we get set to open a second full price store in New York, two in London, one in Beijing as well as another location in New Jersey. And now I will turn the call over to Tom overview the financials and then I will turn the discussed outlook for the remainder of the year and beyond. Tom.
Thomas Hillebrandt: Thanks, Angel. For the third quarter, domestic sales which were included in the brand sales numbers that Angel mentioned earlier increased 40.9% to $162.3 million compared to $115.2 million in the third quarter of 2007. International sales increased 146.7% to $35 million compared to $14.2 million a year ago. As a percentage of sales, international sales were 17.7% in Q3 of 2008 compared to 11% last year. Our third quarter gross margin was 43.3% compared to last year’s third quarter of 45.4%. As anticipated, the year-over-year decline in our gross margin was primarily attributable to material cost increases in 2008 and a higher percentage of international sales for the UGG and Teva brands in Q3 2008 versus Q3 2007. All of which was partially offset by an increased in Simple brand’s gross margins. For 2008, we still expect the full year gross margins to be approximately 45% versus 46.2% in 2007. Total SG&A expense for the quarter was $42.3 million or 21.4% of net sales compared to $28.1 million or 21.7% of net sales a year ago. The planned increase in SG&A in absolute dollars resulted primarily from the increase and personnel cost including additional stock compensation of $1.5 million related to our long term incentive plan that we discussed last quarter. Additional distribution center costs related to our expansion in December 2007 and increased in our bad debt reserve due to a higher credit risks in a current economic environment and higher sales and marketing variable cost related to the increase in sales and three new retail stores that were not opened during the full third quarter of 2007. Our level of cash and short term investments have been sufficient to sell finance to build up of inventory required to meet increased sales, However the use of cash for inventory purchases and lower market interest rates resulted in the third quarter decrease in our interest income to approximately $0.5 million as compared to last year’s third quarter interest income of $0.9 million. Net income for the third quarter was $26 million or $1.97 per diluted share compared to $19.3 million or $1.47 per diluted share in the third quarter of last year. It is important to note that our tax rate for the third quarter was 40.1% versus 39.5% in the first and second quarters of this year. The higher tax rate was primarily due to our decision to allocate a portion of Tsubo IP rise offshore, which required a one time buy-in payment which increases the US base income as a ratio to worldwide income. The higher tax rate equated to approximately $0.02 in diluted earnings per share in this year’s third quarter when compared to effective tax rate for the first and second quarters of the year. Turning to the balance sheet, at September 30, 2008, our overall inventories increased to $157.9 million versus $88.1 million a year ago. By brand, UGG inventory increased $62 million to $134.4 million. Teva inventory increased $3.9 million to $15.6 million and Simple inventory increased $1.9 million to $5.9 million. The addition of the Tsubo brand in the third quarter added $2.2 million in the inventory. As we said before, the majority of the UGG brand’s business in pre-booked and the increase in UGG inventory is necessary to fulfill the volume of orders currently on the book. We now expect UGG brand sales for the full year to increase approximately 64% up from our previous guidance of 53%. Based upon our current visibility, we feel very comfortable with our overall inventory levels. In addition, at September 30, 2008, we had cash, cash equivalents and short term investments totaling $67.9 million compared to $74.7 million at September 30, 2007, and accounts receivable of $113 million compared to $74.4 million at September 30, 2007. With regards to our outlook, based on better than expected third quarter results as well as our increased expectation for the fourth quarter, we are raising our 2008 guidance. We now expect full year revenues to increase approximately 52% over 2007 levels up from our previous guidance of approximately 43% growth. We also now expect diluted earnings per share excluding the second quarter Teva impairment charge to increase approximately 40% over 2007 up from our previous guidance of approximately 34% growth. Again, this is based upon our better than expected third quarter results and improved visibility based upon our current pre-booked. This guidance also assumes our previously issued expectations for gross margin of approximately 45% in 2008 and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 23%, excluding impairment charges. In addition our fiscal 2008 guidance includes approximately $10.5 million of stock compensation expenses which is an increase of approximately $3.9 million over 2007. With the fourth quarter, we now expect revenues to increase approximately 52% over the same period last year up from our previous guidance growth target of 45% and diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 44% over the same period last year, up from our previous growth target to 42%. Our forecast is based on fourth quarter gross profit margins of approximately 47% and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 18%, both consistent with our previous guidance. For the full year, we now expect UGG brand sales to increase by approximately 64% while Teva brand sales are expected to be flat and the Simple sales to increase by approximately 31% over 2007. Teva brand sales for 2008 are expected to be less than $5 million. I will now turn the call back over to Angel for some closing remarks. Angel.
Angel Martinez: Thanks, Tom. Well, we are obviously very pleased with our third quarter and year-to-date results and excited that our profitable demand continues as we begin the fourth quarter. Tom just mentioned, we are raising our guidance for the fourth quarter basis on our stronger than expected deliveries schedule for us. Despite commentary, forecasting a difficult holiday season in general, we have not witnessed any slowdown in our UGG business or any meaningful cancellation, in fact, based on upcoming ship dates or returns and the importance of December to retailers businesses. We expect that we would have already received fourth quarter cancellation if we are going to get them. Many of our retailers continue to tell us, we are one of the best selling full price brands with multiple queues in their list of top performing items, and this is reflected in our heightened outlook for UGG in 2008. In addition, while Teva and Simple are in good positions entering the fourth quarter. For Teva, we are pleased with the responses we have received on the fall close footwear line. As the line further develops, we expect Teva to help offset the developing trend of retailers placing more and more their spring orders closer to the season. With regard to Simple, we believe that ecoSNEAKS are poised for continued growth on the fourth quarter as we leverage the collections recent performance into increased shelf space with both existing accounts as well as new distribution opportunity. Looking out into next year, we are certainly encouraged about the growth prospects for each of our brands, given the favorable response from retailers to our spring collection. Our UGG accounts have expressed enthusiasm about the continued evolution of the spring line. Now on its fourth year, we offered diverse mixed of boots, slippers, sandals and casuals, which pre-booked very well across all doors. Despite the economic climate, the positive reaction of Teva’s newline for spring ’09, give us additional confidence that we remain head in the right direction. I discussed earlier, retailers are placing more of their future orders for in season delivery. As a result, we are now seeing a larger percentage of Teva sandal sales being booked for Q2 compared with Q1. Historically, it has been the opposite, therefore we now anticipate Q1 will be more fill in business with results depend on the weather and the retail environment. We are being told this trend is industrywide and not specific to Teva and we continue to hear that Teva is one of the few brands in the space that continues to hold its own. For Simple, spring '09 will not only include new and innovative collection of ecoSNEAKS, Planet Walkers and Green Toe but a brand message as well. To help create a message that is broader and more appealing to the consumer audience, we recently hired JWT, formerly known as J. Walter Thompson. JWT has worked with some of the biggest brands out there including Nestle, Ford, JetBlue, Domino's and Kellogg's, we are very pleased and very excited to be collaborating with an agency of this caliber and we look forward of the new campaign early next year. Now, before we open up the questions, I want to add that we are obviously very in tune with what is currently going on at retail and mindful of the impact of the unprecedented events that the world financial market's could have on a global economy going forward. As we always have, we will continue to operate on a conservative manner, closely monitor our inventory levels and plan accordingly. While no one can predict what the future demand for branded consumer products will be, we believe with our portfolio of leading each brand, a strong operating platform that we are well positioned to capitalize in the many opportunities that still lie ahead both domestically and overseas. This belief was underscored when we recently raised our long-term growth target to a billion dollars in sales by 2012, up from $750 million. This now include $750 million in UGG sales, $140 million from Teva, $75 million from Simple and $35 million from Tsubo with 30% of total sales coming from international markets. Operator, we are now ready to take questions.
Operator: (Operator's instruction)Your first question comes from Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: I just want to follow up on one thing first, in terms of your Q4 visibility. You provide us some great details and we appreciate that. Could you just give us a sense for, to date, what percent of your Q4 shipments would have gone out versus what would remain as replenishment at this point to put in perspective your visibility?
Angel Martinez: Well, I do not know if I can give you an actual hard percentage, I will tell you that the vast majority of our business started to ship. We have very little time left for cancellations according to our order policy. So, the window for any cancellations is pretty much closer as closing. So, the majority of our business is either waiting to be shipped or right on the cuts.
Thomas Hillebrandt: Yes, Jeff we have not broken down the, kind of the monthly flow of the revenues for each quarter.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: Okay but the majority would have been shipped or is currently scheduled to ship?
Angel Martinez: Correct.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: Okay. Also on the UGG brand, when you think about the size after growing 60+% two years in a row, you have obviously established a very large base of revenue and it would appear without the many new doors being added or large customers channel the distribution so given that you continue to just expand the floor space, how do you think about the ultimate potential size that you would want the brand to reach domestically without any major product extensions and other license categories?
Angel Martinez: Well, I mean we look at obviously the quality of distribution that is out there for the brand. If you take the number of retailers that we currently sell, we are really pretty close to penetrating the kind of retailers we would like to be in. There are still regions in the country which are growth opportunities. The Southeast for example, we still have growth in the Northeast, we still have growth in the Midwest. We have growth in the men's line which is a very significant opportunity as well as the kid's line and certainly our slipper business continues to evolve and constantly surprise us with its expansiveness and success in the market. From an overall perspective, our goal is to be a premium brand in the market and not overstep the distribution parameters that we have laid out for the brand. We are never going to be a brand that you just bump in to every time you turn around in a mall. We want our retailers to really feel proud of the fact that they have got a great selection of our products from men, women and kids and the assortment is offered for year-round selling. So, we are still very excited about what spring can offer as far as growth potential and the response for the spring line has been terrific and we expect that that will continue. So, it is really a matter of articulating from a distribution perspective how far we feel this brand can go and if you, for example, look at our Nordstrom displays and compare that to some of the other retailers in the country, we stood a long way to go in rolling out the broad spectrum of product that we now have available.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: Okay, that is helpful. In terms of your additional penetration in market like the Midwest, Northeast, Southeast; are you thinking of additional doors of change you are currently distributed in or would this be more independent that you would find in those markets for distribution?
Angel Martinez: I think it is both. We still have retailers who have expanded and want to expand up outdoors with the spread in the store. So, that is important and then of course we do have independent retailers who have perhaps they are a little late in some of the markets to come on board with us because they have not seen the opportunity in spring in those warmer climates and now we are offering that.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray: Okay, just one more quick thing, the higher credit risk that you mentioned on the call, would this be in or modestly increasing that I think in the numbers you reported? Would this be in your smaller independent retailers that you are taking some reserves against some of those or can you quantify that?
Thomas Hillebrandt: Well, not to go into all the specific detail of how we established our reserves. Just from a credit risk standpoint clearly in the environment we are in right now, the risks had ratched this up. I would say from a percentage standpoint of our receivables is higher than what we have historically been but total dollars, I would not say it is a really big number. It is driven off of certainly there is smaller accounts and independents that are more credit risky as well as we go in, there is probably going to be a few larger accounts that as we get into next year that could be questionable.
Operator: Your next question comes from Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets.
Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: So, the inventory numbers always seem to be a source of consternation and I was wondering about if you could talk a little bit about when you will begin to annualize the shift to early deliveries which I believe has been a key issue and that retailers have been asking for products earlier than last year then so I think you fully cycle that unless that trend continues even earlier and earlier. That seems to me the numbers are a little bit distorted so I am just wondering when we should expect those comparisons to come a little bit more normalized and I will start with that question, maybe just go over the inventories and make people feel a little more comfortable.
Thomas Hillebrandt: Sure, thanks Todd. As far as, I know a lot of people have always kind of looked at the growth of the inventory versus the growth in sales if you kind of look at that one as well and if you look at the last year, 2007, and you look at this year, it is kind of we have been in this world in the first half, the sales growth is higher than the inventory growth and then in the second half, the inventory growth is higher than the sales growth. It has kind of been that same thing and in the last two years, we had such high growth from a sales standpoint and in managing that flow of inventory, it have not gotten to the point certainly where we have totally I think caught up from year over year being the same timing of bringing the inventory in. So, I do not think to your question, I think we have gotten to that full, annualized standpoint and when we get there, it kind of depends upon the ongoing growth rate for the brand.
Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, can you give us a sense of when that will annualize?
Thomas Hillebrandt: Well, I mean we have not discussed any of the 2009 and we have given the long term sales growth goal so I mean you can take a look at that, our 2012 goals, $750 million for over a billion for the total company. So, you can kind of look at some of the growth patterns there but to give you an exact quarter of when I thought the timing of the inventory was going to come in exactly the same would be difficult and it varies. I mean there are shipments that can land on our doorstep on September 29 through October 2 and we do not game that. We schedule the inventory to meet our customers' needs and giving it through our distribution centers. So, we are not trying to pull games with the quarterly numbers. We are running the business as we need to run it. Just because of quarterly reporting, it can vary one week to the next and kind of have an impact somewhere on that numbers and so if you look it more from a longer term horizon, like I said, we have been in this mode of first half sales growth exceeding inventory growth and then in the second half with the higher proportion of sales for our units. The second half in kind of building through the inventory is exceeding the sales growth.
Angel Martinez: Yes and let me add something to that too. The product line has evolved to the point Todd where we have products like the Cardy for example which is the woven knit boot. That product seems to find the much earlier delivery schedule that even conventional altered and classics and it is clearly a product for early fall. We are offering new products in the fall line next year which sort of extends that and I would not be surprised to see retailers taking their fall program perhaps even a little earlier than they did this year. We do not still quite have the product line as mature as it needs to be. So, there is still evolution of fabrications and different styles that lend themselves to an earlier delivery.
Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: And how does the international part of the equation affect that? Do they order differently than domestic retailers? Do that cause more bottlenecks or do they order more quickly or how does international play into that?
Thomas Hillebrandt: International, they take the shipments directly so we are not inventorying that as a distributor. Currently we sell internationally to distributors and now starting the fourth quarter with our retail stores opening in the UK. We will start having some international inventory for our own stores but currently through our distributor sales, we are not buying that inventory, the distributor is.
Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, so that is a net sort of benefit to the equation.
Angel Martinez: And one more point, I think we do have to be cautious about the capacity of our distribution center. If everyone wanted the goods for fall in the same windows, it would be very hard prior to ship that level of inventory in the weeks that they want it. So, expanding the delivery windows really helps our distribution center and gives the retailer I think more certainty of the product availability when they want it.
Thomas Hillebrandt: Right and one is I guess I would say if you look at, because we talked about this at the end of Q2, if you look at our growth within the Q2 and our sales for the Q3, I think that inventory growth and the sales growth matched up pretty well and obviously with our increasing guidance for fourth quarter, I think you would find the same parallel.
Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets: Right. Now, your inventory turnover is still exceptionally high and stronger than the industry average so it is coming in nicely obviously over the quarters. But I just want to go to international again and just look and maybe you can help us understand how the international mix which is obviously up is affecting the gross margin. How the big of an impact was that?
Thomas Hillebrandt: Well, if you look at, we were at 17.7% this year in the quarter versus 11%, so you have got a 6.7% difference and you can kind of calculate out the sales and we do not disclose the difference in the margin between our distributor sales and domestic other sales but you could kind of extrapolate out some numbers to show you that it does, given that big difference in the sales, it does have a fair impact on the gross margin.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jeff Mintz - Wedbush.
Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Angel, could you talk a little bit about the shop-in-shops for UGG and what kind of improvement you see in those same doors from last year where you did not have a shop-in-shop to having one this year?
Angel Martinez: Well, it is very significant. It gives the consumer a full spread in store. I mean they see the full line. We expect that we will continue to evolve and develop the shop-in-shop program across all channels of distribution. We see in many cases very high double digit growth year on year with shop-in-shop versus no shop-in-shop. You can also look at the independence where we put in shop-in-shops. Their performance has been quite strong. They have been in New York for example or little in Pittsburg. Those are independent accounts that have really benefited from a shop-in-shop this year and it has made them the headquarters for the UGG brand in our local markets. So, we are finding our retailers that are embracing the idea and it is a real revenue generator for them especially because they have a product line that they are not competing with everybody down the street for the same products. So, we will continue to evolve the concept and roll it out across all of our distribution.
Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Okay great, thanks and then similar kind of question, I have noticed that it seems that Nordstrom from the men's display has gotten much better year over year. It just seems like a more complete display and perhaps better placement in the stores. Can you just talk a little bit about what kind of sell through you are seeing, not numbers but men versus women when with the better display at the Nordstrom for example?
Angel Martinez: Yes, we are very happy with the line that Nordstrom is taking on our men's line and those in the face of a very difficult men's market for footwear right now. It is not a good time for men across the board. So, our product line is offering something new and fresh, I think the two in sole is a big plus. The products are very commercial. I have always joked that guys have the same five pair of shoes in their closet from 15 different people. I mean, how many pair of penny loafers do you have or driving mocs? They are pretty much the same shoe. So, the line has to be very strong and a core assortment of product. There is probably five patterns that the line requires. Everything else is kind of fits but important to create some instant energy and momentum, boots for example are very seasonal and very important in men for that reason. In proportion of the women's line, it is still a fraction. It is still a small piece and we still got a lot of room to grow in men's. The advantage that we have is that once men discover the brand through slippers or UGG classic boots or some of our cold weather products, there is a large percentage that will come back to the brand for other offerings and that is what we are discovering when we make that kind of product as sort of core product available to them. When we start it with men's as you may recall, the line was very limited. We did very well with our driving mocs. We have also went well with our boots but boots by definition are smaller piece of the pie, I mean you are base. So, now we are filling in all the blanks, style wise and that goes well. I think that is a big opportunity for growth all over the world.
Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Okay and then finally, you talked a little bit about cost, or maybe Tom did, about cost impacting gross margins, can you just talk a little bit about what you are hearing from your suppliers in terms of cost for 2009? I mean things seem to be shipping pretty quickly in the world economy but what you are hearing in terms of potential cost increases for next year?
Thomas Hillebrandt: Well for 2009, we are kind of going to our pricing right now especially for the line and you are still hearing about cost increases. I think as we go in to 2009 and to look on what the economy does and that you might be able to see some more favorable freight and things like that but right now when you are talking about the product costing, you were still seeing a pressure on cost for 2009. Certainly where we can, we always try to push through price increases to offset some of that cost increase but I would say just in general, we are still seeing that there is some cost increases for 2009.
Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.: Tom, are you plus for the spring season set at this point?
Thomas Hillebrandt: For the most part, yes.
Angel Martinez: Okay well if there are no other questions…
Operator: We do actually have several more questions.
Angel Martinez: Oh, okay. Sorry, operator.
Operator: Your next question comes from Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Let us see, first question, Angel you made a comment that with earlier fall deliveries, you had now seen earlier out of stock at retail. Is there much of an opportunity to capitalize on that? I mean you are just trying to flow inventory in as quickly as possible to meeting the out the one sorts that are arising or the retailers essentially, because they brought in fall deliveries earlier, maybe you anticipate in earlier out of stock to be essentially right back up orders earlier and that is already incorporated in your inventory plans, how do you look at that?
Angel Martinez: Pretty much, the retailers will right a back up order and we do incorporate that into our inventory. We anticipate certain level of filling but once we get to pass our initial expectation based on previous year, we are pretty much done. So, the last year is I think we have been pretty good in anticipating demand as of the retailers but inevitably, somebody runs 10% short and that has happened in quite a few retailers so they learned to adjust for that as best as they can and the brand continues to perform for them but we try to bake in as much of their anticipated need as we possibly can without getting too speculative.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay and then on the gross margins, Tom am I correct to assume that the change in the international mix in the quarter was the biggest factor in the lower gross margin from a year ago?
Thomas Hillebrandt: I think it is a combination of that and the product cost are the two biggest.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: And would you expect that those also be a drag on Q4 and I guess the reason I asked the question is I know in the past there is always been an assumption of some normal level of closeouts in the fourth quarter and it would seem that with the cancel of window for cancellation starting to close that you probably not going to see many of any closeouts in Q4 and I am guessing that the guidance and the drop in gross margin is really attributable to those two factors again.
Thomas Hillebrandt: Yes I mean certainly, if you have the cost issue in Q3, you are going to have it in Q4 when you are comparing year-over-year. So, yes I mean for the Q4 that is going to be part of it and…
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: And will you expect to see a big of a change in mix on the international like you saw at Q3 year over year?
Thomas Hillebrandt: For Q4, no I would not expect that because I would not expect for the full year that the international would be as significantly up compared to the years where we are kind of running right now. So, I would expect that would kind of balance a little more out in Q4.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay and then a question on spring '09, Angel you made some comments there across the brands, I know that last year at this time, you made a comment that backlogs or spring orders were running up double digits across the three brands. So, I was hoping maybe you could just give us a little more color and direction in terms of the orders there in addition to what you have already said.
Angel Martinez: Yes, we have had just excellent response to the spring '09 Teva line as we have had also from response in the ecoSNEAKS from Simple for spring '09, our spring pre book with UGG continues to be extremely solid, a very significant growth there, a solid double digits. Every fall customer for UGG has bought spring '09. So, we are continuing to drive that part of our assortment and getting great reception and excellent response.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: Okay and then maybe last question just hoping to get a little more color on the international business that seems to be growing the whole part of the business, can you expect it to be 30% at some point around $300 million in revenues? Can you just maybe quickly just run through how it might break out Europe versus Asia versus other and then within Europe which I think is the line share of the business? I am guessing that UK is the biggest piece and how would you anticipate growth over the next five years or so to get to that target? Where would you expect the growth to really come from?
Angel Martinez: Well, we continue to see big growth opportunities in the UK. The brand is very popular there and we have really just begun. There are markets in Europe that were just now beginning. In Germany for example, we have excellent results from that distributor. He has only just, it has been about less than a year that he has been with UGG as a brand. So, we see opportunity in Germany as a very big market. France, we are not doing any business in for all intents and purposes so we are starting to move into that market with a couple of selected retailers with shop-in-shop and that is going to be very important for anchoring the brand and the positioning for the brand. There is the Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic; those are large markets with a type of customer that UGG appeals to. Certainly, markets that are comfortable with the sheep skin as a fabrication apparel and again those markets we are not even in. So, I believe that, oh and then there is Scandinavia which is again a very young market for us. We have just been in there about a year. So, those are all very large growth opportunities in just Europe. If you move outside of Europe to Asia, we have always been a little frustrated with Japan as a market because we know the customer, the number one, one of our key I do not want to disclose too much but one of our key retailers, their number store for UGG is in Honolulu because of Japanese tourists coming to Honolulu and buying UGG because it is not available in Tokyo. And that is a big opportunity. We really feel like we are honing in on the right distribution strategy for Japan, a very difficult market to get that right in and then of course there is China. The stores that we are opening in China, Beijing and Shanghai, are very important to anchor the brand presentation. We have got a joint venture as you know with Stella and we are placed to open stores at the appropriate rate. Once we anchor the brand and the brand positioning and get some initial momentum. The Chinese consumer is now very sophisticated. They are shopping in Hong Kong. They are shopping in Tokyo. They are traveling more around the world. They see online the kind of brands that are exciting consumers elsewhere and there is a demand emerging for UGG so we intend to really drive that. So, those are I think some very large markets where we have a lot of opportunity and we will continue with our strategy of premium position and luxury and comfort.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Co.: That is very helpful. That is all I have, good luck.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sam Poser – Sterne Agee.
Sam Poser – Sterne Agee & Leach: A couple of follow ups, number one you just mentioned how that the all customers were buying spring '09 that it bought fall, what was the percentage last year or early this year that stepped up for spring?
Angel Martinez: It has been growing. I do not want to get into specifics. It has been growing as the line has evolved. So, I think a couple of years ago, we are successful about 25% of the customers that brought spring in. Last year was a bigger number and as we are moving in to '09, it is we really are, I cannot see many customers in opening in the spring line. Now, what happen as always when you have a new part of your collection, the retailer has to develop what are the core styles for them for that season and that as you know just take sell through. So, you build on the core styles from season to season and that is what we are starting to see now. There are some styles that have worked for one season, two seasons and those are being rebooking up. Certainly, we update those styles and they have been, we anticipate good performance from those styles. So, it is just a matter of building confidence with the retailers but the idea that UGG can be a spring line and as you may recall couple of years ago that was a bit of a stuff in [bizarre]. People said, "Well, I don't really know how UGG would be a spring line." Well, we have gotten way pass that. We now have a complete acceptance of UGG as a year-round brand and that allows us [60:04] to do a little bit more on the product development fund. I keep driving new ideas and new looks for the customer.
Sam Poser – Sterne Agee & Leach: I have got a few more questions. Number one, do you have an inventory target for the end of the year? In total where you, like an increase over the last year? Something where you just sort of targeting your end of year inventories?
Angel Martinez: Yes, we forecast the inventory, and again for the UGG brand it is kind of driven off of our order and what we need of course was by the end of the year you are starting to have some of the spring product coming in. But, yes, we have targets that we are trying to manage too.
Sam Poser – Sterne Agee & Leach: Would you like to share any of those?
Angel Martinez: Well, that is a good question Sam. But, I think I am not going to share it.
Sam Poser – Sterne Agee & Leach: The breadth of the line on that or how much broader is it this fall than it was last fall? Would you say?
Angel Martinez: Hundred and forty styles for this fall, I think that is compared to – What were our last? 120?
Thomas Hillebrandt: For last fall? Yes, it is about, it is up about 14%.
Sam Poser – Sterne Agee & Leach: And then, did the closeout, did Teva closeouts affect the margin at all in Q3, spring goods?
Angel Martinez: No, it was not really driven off of closeout. It was Teva’s specifically as I said they did have a little bit higher international this year than the last year. But, there was not a lot of closeout in third quarter compared to last year.
Sam Poser – Sterne Agee & Leach: You presented in the international 17.7% in Q3. Should we look at that same number for Q4 or do you expect that to reduce? I think, you might have mentioned that, I might have missed it.
Angel Martinez: Yes, I said that we would expect that they would come down because I would not expect our full year nine months number to be as high,as kind of where we at right now.
Thomas Hillebrandt: Plus our distributors, many of them take the product a little earlier to make sure they can process through their customers to meet their demand. So, I would not expect many have been any higher.
Angel Martinez: Yes, from our year-to-date standpoint international right now is about 22.8%, and from a full year standpoint we are not going to be that high.
Operator:
Chris Svezia: Just on the type of business, just so I will understand that. Looking at the current inventory position, as you ended was up 33% if I am not mistaken. I guess, maybe even just talk about, how you are looking at that brand based upon, some of oyur thoughts about revenue guidance for the year, and then sort of your thoughts about Q1 being whether kind of filling in reorder business and then really Q2 being the opportunity to drive the sandal business, kind of walk us through why the inventory is, where it is? And the opportunities since you go into spring of next year in terms of how the product might flow.
- Susquehanna Financial Group: Just on the type of business, just so I will understand that. Looking at the current inventory position, as you ended was up 33% if I am not mistaken. I guess, maybe even just talk about, how you are looking at that brand based upon, some of oyur thoughts about revenue guidance for the year, and then sort of your thoughts about Q1 being whether kind of filling in reorder business and then really Q2 being the opportunity to drive the sandal business, kind of walk us through why the inventory is, where it is? And the opportunities since you go into spring of next year in terms of how the product might flow.
Angel Martinez: Well, from the inventory standpoint, I think were, we got more inventory on the Teva’s side than I think that we would like. We are coming in to the year; we had higher expectation for what we could do with the brand for the full year. Now, looks like we are going to be flat year over year. And so, we have not had the volume of sales that we’ve had. It is not though that I think that we have got, we have pilled up a bunch of bad inventory. It is still product that sells low, and we can work our way through. But, we are going to need to work our way through that. And, we will probably look at doing some discounting, as well as we are also pretty carefully scrubbing our inventory buys for next year, especially, given the environment we were in, and still kind of trying to address in our both ends.
Chris Svezia: And, I guess, how does that translate into, when you go into your key selling season. What is some of your key retailers for that REI ENS in terms of the brand and new product development?
- Susquehanna Financial Group: And, I guess, how does that translate into, when you go into your key selling season. What is some of your key retailers for that REI ENS in terms of the brand and new product development?
Angel Martinez: Yes, as I mentioned, the retailers are taking product closer to market. So, there will be more Q2 versus Q1 in this next coming year. In that, I mentioned the trend across all brands in the industry. The good news from Teva’s perspective is that we had a great response to the fall line which, we have been strategically moving toward an all-around outdoor brand that includes close footwear. I am really kind of tired of having to look at the weather to sort of understand how well Teva is going to do within. So, weather dependant for so long, it is refreshing to now have a well received fall line. To give you an example though, in this particular year in Europe, this is second year of terrible summer weather, there is a lot rain and which has impacted our European Teva business, and that has created for them an inventory backlog as well. So, they are moving through that inventory, I will see their order base will be minimized as a result, and it is just an ongoing struggle until we really evolve the complete year on assortment which we were really starting to get there and it is good to see the traction.
Chris Svezia: Thank you, and then I will get the last question I have is just, this year you had obviously investments in terms of staff, in terms of the distribution set on term peak module. I am just curious since you look out over the next, I do not know, how much visibility you can give here, but, outside of store growth and basic support for revenue growth. Are there any things that you are looking at in terms of investments that you need make to continue to drive the business better? Sort of, not that there is one time, but like investment in the peak module, Investment in staff and etcetera, just curious how you look at that over the next quite of sort of 12 months at this point.
- Susquehanna Financial Group: Thank you, and then I will get the last question I have is just, this year you had obviously investments in terms of staff, in terms of the distribution set on term peak module. I am just curious since you look out over the next, I do not know, how much visibility you can give here, but, outside of store growth and basic support for revenue growth. Are there any things that you are looking at in terms of investments that you need make to continue to drive the business better? Sort of, not that there is one time, but like investment in the peak module, Investment in staff and etcetera, just curious how you look at that over the next quite of sort of 12 months at this point.
Angel Martinez: Well, I think every CEO in the country is looking at his business, is that her business a little differently than say four or five months ago. And we are, like everyone else, being extremely cautious about adding new projects that do not generate revenue and do not produce top line result. You want to be very close to the market with expectation from those investments. We feel that this, from each our perspective, every higher now becomes a very carefully scrutinized situation and we have adopted that approach. Obviously, the people we need for the peak seasons and the warehouse and as demand at retail evolves, we need to make sure the staff at the store can service a customer. But beyond that, we were locked on pretty tight going forward and for the foreseeable future, until the economy start to show signs of recovery. I think it is the only prudent thing to do and that is really how we were approaching it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel: In the fourth quarter, what percentage of the business is pre-booked?
Angel Martinez: We have not broken out a percentage of how much is pre-booked versus is not pre-booked. And obviously, in Q4 also keep in mind that is probably our, in that, probably it is our based retail quarter. And I will see what the stores and eCommerce, the consumer direct business that is not a pre-booked business. So, that is certainly part of our business that is not pre-booked.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel: With regards to the inventory, how do you go about your mark in inventory for the retail and eCommerce, is that shared with other components of the business, or is it possible to kind of split out what component of the inventory balance are related to those two businesses?
Angel Martinez: Well, eCommerce andin the wholesale business are serviced out of the same DC. So, we do have some flexibility in working with the inventory there. It is not been serviced out of separate location.
Thomas Hillebrandt: But just to be clear, our eCommerce business places a buy for their inventory, just as our retail business does the same. So, they are held accountable for the precision of which they predict their inventory requirements. We do not just have a warehouse full of goods that we can float into the wholesale into retail and into eCommerce. We try to create firewalls between the areas just to assure validity in our forecasting and our projections.
Angel Martinez: And on the eCommerce, we do have a pretty good data collection on that to determine and help us forecast demand.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel: So, a component of what is in the inventory is the inventory for incremental retail stores. Any chance you would split that out?
Angel Martinez: What do you mean by “split that out”?
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel: Well, give us a sense for how much of the inventory growth was related to inventory mark for retail stores that were not on the business last year?
Angel Martinez: Yes, we have not separated out the growth down to that level as far as how much is for wholesale or retail stores; we have not broken it down like that.
Jim Duffy - Thomas Weisel: And then, I know you mentioned a couple of things on the cost side you are doing differently given the recent changes in the environment or what are some of the other ways you are looking at your business differently or through different lens.
Angel Martinez: Well, I think as Tom mentioned, we were really being pretty conservative from our credit risk perspective, I think it is a prudent thing to do as well. We are postponing projects that are nice to have versus must have. We were driving toward aggressive competition in the market. I feel that if you weathered the storm well you will come out of it so much stronger than your competitors. And we have a great advantage right now, it is outperforming at retail ways it is. It is allowing us on going leverage on the future. And the confidence of our retailers that even in a bad time this company can perform for them in a true partnership ways. It is just an across the board look at, every dime, I have to say and I mean it, it is everybody acts as if it is their own personal money, and it is the only way to approach this. We are not, by any stretch of the imagination; doom and gloom. We are in a great position with tremendous growth potential and very high level of performance from all of our brands in this environment particularly. But, I have really spread the word that we need to we are going to uncharted territories here, and we want to make sure that our customers are healthy and succeed with our products and that we are there to be able to provide them that for a long time. I am pretty happy with our approach with that, but we have made some revision in our thinking in our strategy appropriate to the market place.
Operator: Your last question comes from [Mimi Barteau] with Chelsea Advisory Group.
Unidentified Analyst - Chelsea Advisory Group: I knew you touched on of those opportunities from a regional basis in the United States. But, could you just add a recall regarding the current sales performance in terms of geography, specifically, any areas that are slowing down or just touching on some of the warmer climate areas in the United States?
Angel Martinez: We have not really seen any area slowing down. We continue to perform exceptionally well in the northeast. California continues to be our biggest market. The warm climates particularly as you move into the fall, I have always pointed out that this is our biggest market, California, Southern California is one of our biggest markets. Right now outside it is 80 degrees, I still see a lot of people on UGG. So, the Southeast has just sort of coming on line, especially with the Breath and a spread of assortment that we have on our new products going on the fall line. So in another word, that is not all dependent on classic sheep skin, there is other fabrication that perhaps you will find more appropriate for warmer climates. So all of that said, we still see growth in a variety of region of the countries. It is not anywhere close to seeing a saturation point by any stretch. Well, thank you very much for you time on this call. I appreciate all of your questions and we look forward to speak to you again on the Q4 year end call.
Operator: Thank you, and again that does conclude today’s conference call. Thank you for your participation. Have a wonderful day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-11 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Angel Martinez – President, Chairman and CEO Tom Hillebrandt – CFO
Analysts: Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray Jeff Mintz – Wedbush Morgan Todd Slater – Lazard Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Howard Tubin – RBC Capital Sam Poser – Sterne Agee Robert Gotsch [ph] – Nat Capital [ph]
Operator: Good afternoon, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation second quarter fiscal 2008 earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question and answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue for questions. (Operator instructions) I would also like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded. Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor language. Please note that some of the information provided in this call will be forward looking statements within the meaning of the securities laws. These statements concern Deckers’ plans, expectations and objectives for future operations. The company cautions you that a number of risks and uncertainties, some of which may be beyond its control could cause Deckers’ actual results to differ materially from those described on this call. Deckers has explained some of these risk and uncertainties in the risk factor section of its annual report on Form 10-K and its other documents filed with the SEC. Among these risks is the fact that the company sales are highly sensitive to consumer preference, to general economic conditions, to the weather and to the choice of its customers to carry and promote its products. Deckers intends that all of its forward-looking statements in this call will be protected by the safe harbor provision of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Deckers is not obligated to update its forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of future events. I would now like to turn the conference over to the President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Angel Martinez. Please go ahead.
Angel Martinez:  Thank you. Good afternoon to all of you and thanks for joining us. With me on today’s call is Zohar Ziv, our Chief Operating Officer, and Tom Hillebrandt, our Chief Financial Officer. The second quarter was another period of exceptional growth for our company with net sales increasing nearly 73% to $91.1 million compared $52.7 million last year. As we stated in our earnings release, we recorded a noncash pretax charge in the second quarter of $14.9 million reflecting the write down of intangible assets related to the Teva trademark. Excluding the impact from this write down, diluted earnings per share rose 129.4% to $0.39 in the quarter compared to $0.17 in the quarter a year ago. Despite the ongoing challenges facing the US economy and its impact on consumers and the retail environment, all our brands posted positive gains in the second quarter. Sales of UGG products more than doubled increasing approximately 131% to 60.6 million compared to 26.3 million a year ago. The UGG brand’s performance was highlighted by a significant increase in shipments to our international distributors. Also contributing to the brand’s strong results was solid sell through of spring product on our website and in our company owned retail stores. The second quarter has historically been our smallest in terms of sales volume; however, it is growing in terms of importance as UGG has become a true year round brand as evidenced by sales of UGG product in the second quarter exceeding those in the first quarter. Historically, we have shipped all product overseas during the second quarter beginning in May and June. We are now finding that there is more demand in the US for fall product in June and our domestic customers are scheduling deliveries earlier as consumers are now purchasing UGG boots, slippers and casuals on a year round basis. Based on our pre-booked orders, we are forecasting strong growth across the board for UGG. With our twin faced boots, casual boots, including our metropolitan and surf collection as well as our cardy boots and our slippers for men, women and children leading the way. We’ve grown our business with our existing customers by expanding spread and assortment. Our customers have embraced our expanded product offering that includes 140,000 fall 2008 versus 125,000 fall 2007. We’ve also expanded our cold weather collections, which are showcased beautifully in our national ad campaign shot on location in Banff and Lake Louise, Canada. This fall, we’ll have over 40 shop-n-shops with key domestic retailers, which is up from none in the second quarter of last year and only 10 shop-n-shops in the second half of last year. We also will have 30 shop-n-shops overseas this fall compared to only 7 last year. These displays which typically carry more than 80 different SKUs have similar look and feel to our UGG concept stores and showcase the breadth and depth of the line. We’ve also increased our marketing investment to support our broader print campaign that will run nationally in Vogue, Teen Vogue, Vanity Fair, Glamour, Lucky and o. The national ads begin this month in August Teen Vogue and September Glamour, which have hit the newsstands already. We’ve also expanded our outdoor advertising in key cities in the US including New York, San Francisco, Chicago, Los Angeles and San Diego. As I mentioned earlier, the second quarter has always been meaningful for the UGG brand internationally as we ship fall deliveries to our distributors in Europe, Asia and Canada. This quarter we witnessed a triple digit gain in international sales driven by demand for our entire fall assortment from markets such as Canada, the UK, Benelux and Germany. The UGG brand’s recent performance abroad gives us a heightened degree of confidence that the global prospects for the brands are significant. Turning to Teva. Second quarter sales increased 4.8% to $25.2 million versus sales of $24.1 million a year ago. As everyone is aware, the retail environment has been extremely challenging due to a number of economic factors. Therefore, while Teva sales rose only modestly in Q2, we are pleased by its performance and encouraged by our ongoing efforts to reposition the brand and target a younger, more active consumer. Importantly retailers are echoing our sentiment as they continue to tell us that Teva is holding its own versus the competition and is one of a handful of footwear brands to watch in the outdoor space. Sales in the second quarter were primarily driven by a significant fill in business as retailers across the board remained very cautious with future orders choosing to chase business as it materialized. Many of the new styles that were standouts in the first quarter continue to show strength as we entered into summer. These include the Westwater, Kayenta Fossil Canyon and Omnium, just to name a few. Also Mush and Olowahu, Mandalyn Wedge and the Terra-Fi performed well, so there was a healthy mix of new and heritage styles. Our business at REI is worth specific mention. As you may recall, Teva was chosen to be part of the brand campaign program where it along with a handful of other premier brands were highlighted throughout REI stores for a two week span in June. The results were better than expected and we currently are exploring similar opportunities to partner with other key retailers in a similar fashion. Internationally, our new distributor in China opened two Teva standalone stores in Beijing and Shanghai during the quarter with approximately 15 shop-n-shops planned for the remainder of 2008. Early reports suggest that the stores are exceeding expectations. Simple second quarter sales rose 94% to $4.7 million compared to $2.4 million a year ago. Simple has been gaining strong momentum over the past year as more and more consumers are discovering the brand and making an emotional connection with its unique and compelling sustainable product offering. Sell-through of ecoSNEAKS during the quarter was strong across all distribution channels, such as department stores, specialty shops, the Internet and independents. The successful sell through of the spring ecoSNEAKS collection for men and women is attributed to new styling and fresh colors and materials. Green Toe which is the beacon of the entire Simple line also reported solid growth this past quarter with the introduction of new summer silhouettes for women. We also experienced positive momentum with the introduction of our first infant collection. We see opportunity in both the infant and the kids market where there is a void for sustainable footwear. Late in the second quarter, we shipped the initial orders of Planet Walkers. This new collection of sustainable comfort leather casuals for men and women is being introduced through an exclusive launch with The Walking Company and all 200 of their doors. Planet Walkers is being supported through The Walking Company’s six-week Think Smart, Be Planet Friendly promotion in partnership with the Sierra Club and smart USA, the makers of smart card. Distribution of Planet Walkers will be opened up to select influential independent accounts later this month. Also this quarter, we opened the southeast division of whole foods and now sell the brands in approximately 85 of their locations. In June, we also launched women’s ecoSNEAKS programs with REI in all 80 of their doors. Simple’s marketing efforts remain focused on communicating that we are the world leader in sustainable footwear and accessories. This message is being delivered through an extensive print campaign in magazines such as Lucky, Teen Vogue, Details and Wired, as well as through an aggressive online advertising campaign which is resulting in enhanced brands awareness and an increase in Internet sales. Turning to our direct consumers business, e-commerce sales for the company increased more than 30% to $6.4 million for the quarter. Unique visits to all our websites continues to increase as greater awareness for our brands is driving more and more consumers to seek out our products on the web. Meanwhile our retail sales for the second quarter of 2008 rose 143.2% to $3.1 million compared to $1.3 million last year. For those stores that were opened during the second quarter of last year, same store sales grew by 59.4%. These results were especially rewarding given the current state of the retail environment. We believe the performance of our UGG concept stores in New York and Chicago as well as our five outlets underscores the strength of the UGG brands and the growing demand for its diversified product line. We move ahead excited about our expansion plans which include the opening of an UGG concept stores in San Francisco next week, another in the Upper West Side in New York in late October and two stores in London. We plan to open the first London store in late October at the Westfield Mall and the second London location in late November in Cubbon [ph] Garden. Over the past several months, we’ve made a handful of important announcements that will strengthen our market position and enhance our global prospects. First, we completed our acquisition and integration of the Tsubo brand including closing the US office in Carlsbad and transforming all of the back office operation to our platform. Those of you not familiar with the brand, it is a high end style comfort oriented brand utilizing athletic performance components and high end materials that appeal to a metropolitan consumers base worldwide with price points between $70 and $200. They are primarily sell through the same type of retailers as the UGG brand. In addition, it has a small but fast growing Internet business. Our plan is to re-launch the brand with a new marketing campaign in fall of 2009, and to build the brand to a meaningful business. Secondly, we finalized our joint venture for the UGG brand in China with Stella International. We are very excited about this initiative as we believe China represents a very compelling long-term opportunity for us. Equally important we’ve been doing business with Stella for more than 12 years and they’ve been operating over 100 stores under their own brand. As a result of their experience combined with a unique proposition that the UGG brand offers to Chinese consumers, we feel confident that this is the right platform for launching the UGG brand in this market. Our first UGG store is expected to open in Beijing this fall. Lastly since June, the new automated pick module has been operating in our Camarillo distribution center which will give us the ability to more than triple our daily output from that facility. I will now turn the call over to Tom to review the financials.
Tom Hillebrandt:  Thank, Angel. I will start by mentioned the international sales that are included in the brand sales numbers that Angel took you through. International sales for all of our brands increased 131.8% to $34 million compared to $14.7 million in the second quarter of last year and domestic sales increased 50% to $57.1 million compared to $38 million in 2007. As a percentage of sales, international sales were 37.3% in Q2 of 2008 compared to 27.8% last year. Our gross margin for the current quarter was 39.9% compared to 41.1% in the second quarter of last year. The year-over-year decline in our gross margin was primarily attributable to the increase in international sales during the second quarter. As a reminder, sales to our international distributors carry a lower gross margin than our domestic sales. And our previously issued expectations for full year gross margin remain at 45%. The total SG&A expense for the quarter was $28.4 million excluding the impairment charge which I will discuss later or 31.2% of net sales compared to $18.8 million or 35.7% of net sales a year ago. The planned increase in SG&A expense for the second quarter was due primarily to higher sales and marketing variable cost related to the increase in sales and two new retail stores that were not opened in the second quarter 2007, higher share based compensation costs and additional distribution center costs related to our expansion in December 2007. On a gross dollar basis, we expect SG&A will increase in the second half with an increase in sales, additional international cost related to our expansion and additional executive hires that we previously discussed. Interest income was approximately $0.6 million in the second quarter compared to last year’s second quarter interest income of $1.5 million. The decrease was the result of lower interest rates versus a year ago, as well as a shift in the mix to safe lower yielding investments. As stated in our earnings release, for accounting purposes, we recently conducted an impairment evaluation of Teva intangible assets on our balance sheet. The current challenging economic environment that the Teva brands faces has negatively impacted our ability to attain the revenue projections we had previously established for the Teva brand. We still believe there is growth potential for the brands with the economy as it is today has forced us to move out of growth rates by a few years. We previously stated that we believed that the Teva brand could generate $175 million of annual sales by 2012. We are revising that guidance and now expect Teva brand annual sales of $140 million by 2012. Our projected inability to reach our 2008 sales target along with the reduced long term forecast for sales growth were indictors that the intangibles were possibly impaired which led us to perform a detailed accounting valuation analysis of the intangibles. The accounting valuations showed that the goodwill was not impaired but the fair value of the trademark was significantly below the carrying value of the intangibles on our balance sheet and therefore we recorded a noncash pretax charge in the second quarter of $14.9 million reflecting the write down of the Teva trademarks. On an after-tax basis, the impairment charge was $9 million or $0.68 per diluted share. Excluding the impact of the impairment charge, net income for the second quarter was $5.2 million or $0.39 per diluted share compared with $2.3 million or $0.17 per diluted share in the second quarter of last year. Turning to balance sheet. At June 30, 2008, our overall inventories increased $112.8 million versus $66.3 million a year ago. By brand, UGG increased $38.6 million to $90.6 million, Teva increased $2.9 million to $14 million, and Simple increased $3.7 million to $6.9 million. The addition of the Tsubo brand in the second quarter added $1.1 million in inventory. As we said before, the majority of UGG brands business in pre-booked and the increase in UGG inventory is necessary to fulfill the volume of orders currently on the book. We now expect UGG brand sales for the year to increases approximately 53% up from our previously guidance of 37%. Another way to look at this is through a simplified example. Our full year total company forecasted gross margin is 45%. That means that for every dollar sale, the cost of sales is $0.55. Looking at it the other way around, every dollar of cost of sale translates to about $1.80 of sales. If you apply that general relationship of $1.80 in sales for every $1 cost of sales to the $38.6 million increase in UGG inventory, the resulting amount would represent less than 60% of the expected increase in UGG brand sales for the second half of the year. Given our current visibility, we feel very comfortable with our overall inventory levels. In addition, at June 30, 2008, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments totaling $124.8 million compared to $96.6 million at June 30, 2007, and accounts receivable were $54.7 million compared to $30.2 million at June 30, 2007. Moving on the outlook, based on better than expected second quarter results coupled with our heightened outlook for the UGG brand, we are raising our 2008 guidance. To reiterate, we are increasing our fiscal 08 guidance by the amount we exceeded Q2 plus our increased expectations for the back half of the year. Let me go through the specifics. We now expect revenue to increase approximately 43% over 2007 level, up form our previously guidance of approximately 31% growth. We also now expect diluted earnings per share excluding the impairment charge discussed earlier to increase approximately 34% over 2007, up from our previous guidance of approximately 27% growth. Again, this is based on our better than expected second quarter results and improved visibility based on the currently pre-booked. This guidance also assumes our previously issued expectations for gross margin of approximately 45% in 2008 and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 23%, excluding the impairment charge discussed earlier. In addition our fiscal 2008 guidance includes approximately $10.6 million of share based compensation expenses which is an increase of approximately $4 million over 2007 and $1.8 million higher than our previous guidance. We are currently working on our 2009 plan and updating our five year long range plan. For guidance purposes, we are assuming that at the conclusion of this plan in process, we will have a long range plan that shows we will achieve our long term incentive plan level two targets that were established back in May of 2007. Therefore we would have to record additional share based compensation expenses beginning in the third quarter. Our guidance assumes an additional share based compensation expenses of $1.7 million in Q3 and $0.3 million in Q4. We’ve not previously provided specific guidance with regard to the third and fourth quarter, so we will do that now. For the third quarter, we currently expect revenues to increase approximately 34% and diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 12% over the third quarter of fiscal 2007. Our forecast is based on a gross profit margin of approximately 44% and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 23%. The increases in Q3 SG&A on a year-over-year comparison is based on the same reasons as the increase for the second quarter of 2008 which were additional distribution costs, higher share based compensation that I just mentioned and cost for new retail stores that were not opened in the third quarter of 2007. For the fourth quarter we currently expect revenue to increases approximately 45% and diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 42% over the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2007. Our forecast is based on a gross profit margins of approximately 47% and SG&A as a percentage of sales of approximately 18%. For the full year, as I mentioned earlier, we now expect UGG brand sales to increase by approximately 53% while Teva brand sales are now expected to be flat to slightly up and Simple brand sales to increase by approximately 37% over 2007. Teva brand sales for 2008 are expected to be less than $5 million. I will now turn the call back over to Angel for some closing remarks. Angel?
Angel Martinez:  Thanks, Tom. Well, as we head into the back half of the year we remain fully cognizant of the challenges in the environment. We also remain confident about our prospects. As previously mentioned, we are raising our outlook for the year due in part to a better than expected first half of 2008 and more importantly due to our heightened outlook for the UGG brand for the second half of the year. During a period when our industry is dealing with a slowdown in consumers spending and retailers are managing their businesses tighter, we are experiencing an increase in future orders as buyers are dedicating more and more of their open to buy dollars to UGG brand products. At the same time, we continue to carefully manage supply to ensure that retailers remain profitable selling UGG brand product. Most importantly, the UGG brand is still a relatively small brand on a worldwide basis, which we believe has significant growth potential, while the Teva and Simple brands are both making important progress towards achieving their strategic objective. I want to thank our entire team for their ongoing hard word and dedication. Their passion for the business is at the heart of our success and we move forward energized, focused and committed to driving long term growth and increasing shareholder value. Operator, we’d now like to open it up for questions.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator instructions) And we will go first to Mitch Kummetz with Robert Baird.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird:  Yes, thanks and congratulations. Couple questions and then just couple housekeeping items. First off, looking at the sales guidance for the back half, you are obviously expecting stronger sales growth in Q4 than Q3, is that mainly a function of retailers taking deliveries earlier this year so you had some business flow out of Q3 into Q2?
Angel Martinez:  Yes, exactly. We have pretty much across the board retailers wanting UGG product at least a month earlier than prior years, and that really indicates the brand’s success at diversifying its product assortment and becoming a year round brand.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird:  And then on the gross margin outlook, obviously you are modeling gross margins down I think a little over 100 basis points in the back half. I know that in the past you’ve always been very conservative with your gross margin assumption based on not knowing what closeouts might look like in the back half. Could you just talk – is that still the assumption for the drop in gross margin or are there some other factors that are coming into play here and could you talk a little bit about now that you have your orders for the back half, basically you kind of know what your sales are going to be, have orders for those sales, what might happen to where you would end up with some closeouts, it just seems like closeouts at this point would be unlikely since you have orders for that inventory?
Tom Hillebrandt:  Hi, Mitch. This it Tom, I will take that. And the answer is you kind of touched on in the beginning of the question. Yes, we continue to be conservative on our estimate of expectation for possibility for closeouts and some discounting in the second half and we are being consistent with our expected full year gross margin. We’ve been seeing 45% all along and continue to stick to that.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird:  But there is a – I guess I am still trying to get a better understanding how might you end up with closeouts at this point in the year when basically the inventory you have I assume you have orders for all of that inventory, is it just being conservative that you might get some cancellations or –
Angel Martinez: 
G:
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird:  Okay, that’s helpful. And then again just key housekeeping items, could you – international business I know you mentioned international is up triple digits in the quarter, could you give us a number for international or percentage of sales in the quarter ?
Tom Hillebrandt:  It was – for the quarter, international sales for the quarter were 37% for the quarter.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird:  Okay, 37%. All right. Okay.
Angel Martinez:  Long term, we’ve been driving towards our international business representing 30% of our revenue, so we continue to strive towards that.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird:  And then on the interest income line, can you maybe speak to what you think that comes in for the year? And then also lastly on our hare count, you guys in your press release your diluted share count is the same as your basic but obviously you had a positive pro forma earnings, so what kind of share should we be using to get to that $0.39 for the quarter?
Tom Hillebrandt:  There should have been a reconciliation –
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird:  I will look for that.
Tom Hillebrandt:  – table at the end of the earnings release. There is a reconciliation of non GAAP measures and that table kind of basically kind of walks you through from the GAAP number to the non-GAAP number and has the share counts in there.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird:  And then the interest income, do you expect that to be down from year ago in the back half just based on what you said?
Tom Hillebrandt:  Yes, I would anticipate that our yields again would be down. I mean that’s what happened in the second quarter here, as well as we kind of moved the mix a little more conservative portfolio which again had lower yields, and so I would anticipate it would be down a little bit from last year.
Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird:  Okay, that’s all I have. Thanks and good luck.
Angel Martinez:  Thanks, Mitch.
Operator:  And we’ll go next to Jeff Klinefelter with Piper Jaffray.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray:  Yes, congratulations, everyone, on a great quarter. Just a couple of questions, one on Teva first, could you just talk a little bit more on a long term basis on about the brand? You’ve reduced your long term outlook for it, yet you’re still having some successes at retail, could you just talk a little bit about why you’ve decided to lower that bar and where you are may be falling short of what might have been a bigger brand in the future?
Angel Martinez:  I think if we look at what’s impacting Teva, more than any other factor it is the economy and the fact that retailers are pulling in their horns and focusing on those brands that in the last several have generated revenue and created the bulk of the sell through and thus the open to buy dollars. So people are a bit risk averse, and Teva’s product right now, there’s a lot of new product which is performing quite well. The good indicator for all of this is that the new product is selling through. In many stores, we are selling through at double the sell through rate of our competition. So, we are more than holding our own. In many stores, our product new product are in the top ten sellers of the footwear, the outdoor footwear, so we remain quite bullish on the long term prospects for Teva. One of the things I really don’t want to do is keep the bar so high that in order to make up the gap that this year sort of creates, we have to make some distribution decisions that we wouldn’t want to make just to chase a number. I think that while Teva is a strong, authentic outdoor brand with I believe great growth potential as performance product, we now look at it and realize what the growth of UGG, it now represents 14% of our total business, which obviously has less of an impact than it would have had several years ago. So, my goal is really to kind of take that pressure off the team so we can continue to grow the brand, the new product and quality marketing and good distribution.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray:  Okay. And then on UGG, there are some concerns that you are going to hit a saturation point here shortly, that you haven’t really been adding new doors, you don’t typically talk about specific door counts, but your growth has come I think largely from additional SKUs in existing distribution and then higher productivity, higher sell through rates. Can you talk about with this level of success, how do you keep building on that and where does the average price point go versus the number of units per existing door or will you look at some new distribution in 2009 to help continue the growth rate?
Angel Martinez:  I mean fundamentally you have to look at our order book and understand that most customers – well, I would almost tell you all customers, are not getting anywhere near the amount of UGG that they would like to receive. There is still much more demand for the product than we are capable of fulfilling. So, that’s part one. Part two is eventually, there will come a point where we feel that the US market will be mature and our growth overseas is going to be a driver for the brand. We’ve been lining up that opportunity now for several years. We anticipate through the success we’ve had at key markets like the UK and Canada and Benelux and we hope to see similar type of success in Germany and China, that the growth for this brand has some pretty long term – long legs on it. You have a hard timing finding the brand in most of Europe and Asia, Demand for the product continues to grow in the United States, we get a lot of consumers from Europe and Asia in the US buying product and bringing it back for their friends and family, for themselves. So it’s – we’re long ways form tapping this brand out to that place. I mean you’ve to look at brands. I remember a conversation once when I was with Reebok, we were at about a billion dollars and eventually we got to 3.5 billion, Nike is at 14 billion and the similar conversation about 1 billion shoe, so we’d go aren’t you saturated, haven’t people had all their running shoes they need or the aerobic shoes they need, I think there is a bigger market for comfortable type of product than there is even for aerobic fitness and running shoes. So, my feeling is that if you understand the brands and what it does for people we’ve got a very big long term potential here.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray:  Okay. And then lastly on sourcing, lots of concerns about the pressure coming out of China, not only for raw materials but also for logistics, can you address that at all for this year. It sounds like largely locked in but going into ’09 what is the dynamic right now with your sourcing?
Angel Martinez:  We manage that process pretty well as you know. We’ve made an investment in talent and people in our China office. We plan and work very closely with our factory partners. We have customers in the US wanting their product earlier, that’s good because it allows us to do a better job of scheduling our production. If everything came in here at the same time, A, that could happen and, B, the factories couldn’t accommodate it. So, we are now getting the feeling we have to through our growth of new styles, growth of a year round approach to the brands, we are able to really flow product and flow production on a 12 month basis much better than what we were doing. That’s taking a lot of the pressure off of factories, allowing us to really manage our costs in a more effective way, and I think that’s really been a key. In addition to that, we are doing a better job with information systems and scheduling production, et cetera, and Zohar and his team have been working very hard on that. So, this is a business we are in, we have to mange this. This is true of everybody in a similar kind of business, I think we do it quite well and we are getting better at it all the time.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray:  S, but more specifically on inflation, I mean a lot of the people at the tradeshows and other companies talk about mid to high single digit inflation just across the board coming through and most trying to push it through with price point increases, but are you dealing with a similar industry dynamic?
Angel Martinez:  Everybody is in the same boat and we’ve been anticipating this for a while, so we’ve been very selective about price increases. We haven’t done anything across the board, we’ve been selective in products that we felt we’d be able to accommodate a price increase and other products that we felt that we’re really stressed, we tried to forestall that. So, this is not a surprise to us, we’ve been managing through it and anticipating it, and I think again I think we’ve done a pretty good job at f that, but everyone is in the same boat. I mean there’s no way out of it.
Jeff Klinefelter – Piper Jaffray:  Yes, thank you. Appreciate it.
Angel Martinez:  And we’ll go next to Jeff Mintz with Wedbush.
Jeff Mintz – Wedbush Morgan:  Thanks very much, and Angel, my congratulations as well. Angel, can you talk a little bit about the plans for the second half in UGG and outside of the boot business or outside of the footwear I guess and kind of where we should be looking for in terms of other categories for this fall?
Angel Martinez:  Well, I think for this fall, again we’ve been developing non-classic and alternative product, a cold weather product which is I think had a great reception. Our slipper business has done well. If you step outside of footwear, we’ve already launched our bag collection and that’s continuing, we are doing that, I think better than we have in the past. Outerwear down the road is going to be another area for us for this brand to develop itself. It is important though that we are still driven by the footwear. I mean that’s really that’s what we do. Over the next few years as we continue to evolve and develop these other opportunities, the cold weather accessories by the way have done well every single seasons and it continued to do well. So, it is a bit of (inaudible) statement and in those market where consumers have a full breadth and assortment of the brand, these things are important to round out the presentation. We’ll continue to develop those.
Jeff Mintz – Wedbush Morgan:  Okay, great. And then it sounds like you said that retailers want UGGs a month earlier and I know that your slipper business is kind of coming a year round business. I mean how do you kind of see that playing out in 2009 and beyond. I mean should we start to expect to see less seasonality in your product and perhaps more – even more product being sold in the spring as opposed to the fall?
Angel Martinez:  We’ll continue to develop our first half business, our spring business. We think that that’s just – the response to it has been so great, we’ll continue to drive. We have exciting new stuff coming for spring ’09 as you’ve probably seen. It’s the seasonality, will we sell more in the fall than in the front half. Yes, we will. We will always do that. I would anticipate we’d probably remain at somewhere around 70-30. Could we eventually get to 60-40 fall to spring? Yes, maybe. That’s not a driver for us, however. I think we are – if retailers want the product earlier, it’s because they are able to sell and it’s performing, and it’s not that we are in some way trying to over manage the mix. We have good demand for our spring product now and slippers as you mentioned are year round business for us which is a huge accomplishment from where we were a couple of years ago. So, stability in the mix is important, a lot of creativity in the styles and the materials, et cetera, is what creates that type of stability and we’ll continue to do that.
Jeff Mintz – Wedbush Morgan:  Okay, great. And then turning to inventory – back to inventory I guess for second, obviously a lot of that inventory is committed to orders, can you just give us a sense of where your uncommitted inventory is this year versus last year? I mean are you taking a more aggressive inventory position in UGG than you were last year at this time?
Angel Martinez:  No, it’s consistent.
Jeff Mintz – Wedbush Morgan:  Okay, great. And then just one quick housekeeping issue, maybe Tom you have this, do you have the number of pairs and the average selling price in the quarter?
Tom Hillebrandt:  I don’t have that, but the 10-Q will get filed on Monday, that you should be able to get in there.
Jeff Mintz – Wedbush Morgan:  Okay, great. Thanks, very much.
Operator:  And we’ll go next to Todd Slater with Lazard.
Todd Slater – Lazard:  Thanks very much, guys. A few questions, I want to start just on the pricing front for a moment if I may. We noticed obviously some price increase in some of the UGG line, I am just wondering how much overall sort of the average are prices up on your wholesales for the quarter and what do you see for the back half?
Angel Martinez:  I would probably – I mean it’s probably around 5% I would say in an aggregate. I think that’s the way to look at it. As I mentioned, it is not across the board and you’ve probably seen some prices – we’re very selective as to where we feel that the price increase is appropriate. But we have no choice on some of these things. These are costs going up as was mentioned earlier, largely driven by the price of fuel. I mean these factories have to operate – it’s much more expensive, keep the lights on, and last not to mention the HR cost involved in these large facilities, so that’s about 5%.
Todd Slater – Lazard:  Have you seen any change in velocity in terms of sell through of those items?
Angel Martinez:  No, no we haven’t.
Todd Slater – Lazard:  Okay, that’s good to hear. And I wanted to just go back to comment earlier you made about retailers, still even with the inventory that you have, you still said that retailers are on allocation, are not getting the full boat. I am just wondering if you feel you are still undersupplying the market demand this year even given where your inventories are? And based on your current sell-throughs, do you think you can – you will have any need at all to chase any products in the second half?
Angel Martinez:  Well, you know the under supply is always a question, it is a fine balance as to where you need to be with the amount of product in a market. You can cross the line, and it’s like going to a restaurant and eating too much like last night. I didn’t come – I wasn’t feeling very good, and I think it’s really important that we always work with our retailers to understand what is an appropriate level of growth for the brand in their stores to assure that they for the long term have a profitable UGG business and they are not in a battle with everybody else in the mall who is over inventoried. So, we manage that very closely. It’s part of why we’ve been successful in the last few years. And we’ll continue to do that and it’s also effectively necessary because the factory capacity, et cetera, we don’t want to lose quality. So, factories can only ramp up at a certain rate and we’ve been consistently working with them to meet that middle ground. I’ve always said that we could sell a lot more UGG that we do, I could do that, Connie could do that by picking up the phone. But that’s not in the long term health of the brand or of this company in total. So, we have a long way to go with this brand and just ask anyone who owns the product, they are pretty excited about what’s coming for fall.
Todd Slater – Lazard:  Your inventory turnover has been much higher than the industry average, clearly you’ve been very successful at conservative management. I am just wondering if this year you think your inventory based on what you have now, what sort of inventory turnover are you expecting this year?
Angel Martinez:  We don’t expect it to deviate much from last year.
Todd Slater – Lazard:  Okay, because it was pretty high last year.
Angel Martinez:  Still we’ve had excellent early selling on our products with a variety of retailers who’ve got fall in and had a lot of great indicators out there, plus we know that we have demand from our website and all that stuff. So, we really feel like we are in pretty good shape.
Todd Slater – Lazard:  Well, that’s a good segue sort of to international because did I hear correctly that the quarter you had 37% of the sales in the second quarter was international?
Tom Hillebrandt:  Yes, that’s correct.
Todd Slater – Lazard:  Okay, that seems like a very unusually high number, I know it skews a little to Teva, Teva is a little more mature internationally. But what should – what does it tell you about the international business in the second half, what type of mix do you see there? Are you gaining more traction there than you thought overall?
Angel Martinez:  We are definitely gaining traction and a lot of the momentum that is driving that is UGG business, the product that we had for spring, and anticipation of the new fall line. We are just getting based on last year’s performance in the UK and Benelux, Switzerland, various other markets, we had excellent sell through. People ran out of products and there is a lot of excitement over the new product – the men’s product, the kid’s product. Now keep in mind, we still have a very under developed men’s business and a very under developed slipper business for example in Europe. They are just starting to get this whole idea of house shoes, we don’t want to call them slippers, those are house shoes over there. So, there’s a lot of potential in that component, in that piece of it for ongoing growth in the second quarter, particularly as we move down the next couple of years.
Todd Slater – Lazard:  Well, just kudos again on the way you’ve been growing this business in a very, very rational way.
Angel Martinez:  Thank you.
Tom Hillebrandt:  Thanks, Todd.
Operator:  And we’ll go next to Chris Svezia with Susquehanna Financial.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial:  Good afternoon everyone and again congratulations, great job.
Angel Martinez:  Thanks, Chris.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial:  I guess, Angel, maybe if you could just clarify a point here. On the Teva business as you guys look at your inventories being up 26%, and you kind of infer from your guidance which you are looking out on an annualized basis, it looks like growth could be roughly 5% to 7% or so, somewhere in that range in the back half, how should we look at the repetitive [ph] inventories being up 26% relative to the growth, is it just more at once or how should we be looking at that inventory position and what’s the risk there?
Angel Martinez:  We really – fundamentally, we have too much Teva inventory right now. We are going to be aggressively moving through that inventory. The reason that inventory exists, unlike the UGG business, Teva’s business isn’t as heavily pre-booked. So, we are anticipating fill-in business like we had last year and I think that’s kind of fallen short given the economy. Also keep in mind as we said last time, this has been a horrible weather year for – we haven’t had sustained warm weather, particularly in the northeast it’s been pretty tough. So, all those things have conspired to give us a bit of an inventory issue with Teva. But we’ll move through that, I think we are in pretty good shape there. Again, it’s a brand which is very healthy in terms of its product mix. The product is all fresh and new and it’s not a consumer driven issue, it’s creating a little bit of a back up there.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial:  Could you separate by any chance between I guess the spring and summer product which is I guess sitting in the inventory and the reception to sort of the fall product which you are shipping? I am just trying to get an idea of –
Angel Martinez:  Yes, it’s almost all spring summer product. The fall product, we just started shipping that, and we’ve had good response to that. We anticipate it will be the best fall that we’ve ever had, but it’s not a big number, the fall season for Teva yet, so most of what’s there is spring summer product.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial:  Tom, a question for you, maybe if you – as you look at the difference between the third and the fourth quarter, you talked about the UGG business growing roughly 53% or 54% for the year, and obviously a reference to an earlier question about a possible shift in terms of product maybe flowing through the second quarter in terms of really shipment, can you give us a little help in terms of how should we look at the UGG business in the second half in terms of growth between the third and fourth quarter, obviously fourth quarter being bigger, but maybe you can just help us out a little bit on how we should look at that?
Tom Hillebrandt:  Yes, we haven’t given the quarterly splits for each of the brand on the growth, but clearly from a total growth standpoint, fourth quarter is higher growth rate than third quarter.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial:  Okay. And then just on the SKU count if possible for UGG, I know Hill, you’ve mentioned the SKU increased for fall ’08 versus ’07, any color at all for spring ’09 year-over-year in terms of the SKU increase for the UGG business?
Tom Hillebrandt:  I think it’s pretty consistent with what it was last year, we are not up much. We’ve done great job of managing the SKU assortment. So, I think there is going to be – you know what we do just so you understand, with our brands. And let’s take UGG for example, we build around a core assortment. So, when we add a SKU, it’s based on the success of what came before it. We tend to be pretty lean with new product when we come out with it, and when we have success, for example, the cardy for example, that’s when we may add a few colors because we know that we’ve got a success on our hand. So spring line will be that kind of thing. We’ve got some very nice sandals and warm weather shoes that are built on the success of last year’s product?
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial:  Okay, alright. Thank you very much gentlemen, I appreciate it.
Angel Martinez:  Thanks, Chris.
Operator:  And we’ll go next to Howard Tubin of RBC Capital.
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital:  Hi, guys. Great, really super quarter. Just a couple of question, one or marketing, maybe just some detail on how your marketing plan differed this fall season than what you did last fall, what’s increased, what’s decreased?
Angel Martinez:  As I mentioned, the number of shop-n-shops that we are doing has increased pretty dramatically, that was in the strategy. And our opportunity is that we can get more spread and assortment in front of consumers, make a better brand presentation and then augment that presentation that we feel with visibility in key publications, key magazines. The other thing we’ve done is the outdoor program has gained momentum. We’ve got some great billboards in key locations around the country. If I can go for example here in Los Angeles, there is a great UGG billboard as you drive into the parking facility, and that’s pretty much a permanent UGG billboard. So, those things work and we continue to do what works. We are really not frivolous in our marketing spend, we are pretty basic. I am a big believer in retail presence for a brand like UGG. I think that’s the key driver is that interaction you have with the brand at retail and retailers love that too. That’s where we are putting our money to enhance their facilities, to enhance their store, and that’s working and working well. So, it’s not brain surgery, it’s pretty cut and dry on the marketing front.
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital:  Got it, thanks. And any – how many retail stores do you plan on putting up next year in 2009, do you have that number yet?
Angel Martinez:  No, we haven’t put out a number for that yet, Howard.
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital:  Okay, and then the final question is just in terms of all that cash we’ve sitting on your balance sheet any – are you still kind of out there looking for acquisitions, are you okay now with what you’ve done, or any chance – I guess you can’t buy stock back or may not want to buy stock back, but would you consider a dividend or anything like that?
Angel Martinez:  We are still out here looking. I mean I think that given this economy, given this situation that unfortunately people find themselves, there could be some pretty good things coming down the pipe, and I think we are in a good position to take advantage of that if something should emerge. I’ve said for quite a while now, we will keep our powder dry until the right lifestyle brand opportunity comes by. You know, Tsubo, very small brand with great potential. I think we were able to bring that brand on board pretty successfully, it’s almost a dry run for something if we were to do something else, it could be something bigger. We now have the team successfully integrated a brand into the mix and I think we’ve done a great job with that. So, we’re open-minded and we’re keeping our eyes open out there. So, I haven’t seen anything yet though. We are not jumping out to bid about anything. I think the situation could be beneficial to us as the next few months roll by, there could be some good brands out there.
Howard Tubin – RBC Capital:  Okay, great, thanks.
Angel Martinez:  Thank you.
Operator:  And we will go next to Sam Poser with Sterne Agee.
Sam Poser – Sterne Agee:  Hi, it’s Sam Poser. Nice quarter. I wanted to follow-up on the inventory, with the $90 million of inventory that you currently carry in the UGG business and looking back historically, it looks like you have more than the next three months supply based on the guidance, and I am just wondering what was the thought process of bringing that much in so early?
Tom Hillebrandt:  One of the reasons we are bringing in inventory earlier this year is just with the growth and demand and sales with factories and their ability to produce things, we’ve had to bring some things earlier than we have in the past to meet the demand.
Sam Poser – Sterne Agee:  But that seems to be on a relative basis based on the percent increase not totally reflected in the guidance of the UGG business for the balance of the year.
Tom Hillebrandt:  I am not understanding why you say that?
Sam Poser – Sterne Agee:  I mean the inventory was up significantly, it was up higher percentage than your guidance for the back half says your UGG business will be?
Tom Hillebrandt:  The dollars were up just under $40 million, they are up $38.6 million.
Sam Poser – Sterne Agee:  And as a percentage, that’s much higher than the back half guidance for UGG, so I am wondering we’ve heard that the demand as you said is quite good, apparently extremely successful Nordstrom sale as well as other retailers we spoke with at the recent shoe show commented how well the product was moving. How much of that is built in? I mean is that really as much as long a supply as it appears to be or how conservative is this guidance?
Tom Hillebrandt:  But if you looked at that increase, it still wouldn’t be enough to hit the second half sale.
Sam Poser – Sterne Agee:  Normally it would get you comfortably through the next three months, the whole quarter?
Tom Hillebrandt:  Right, but we’ve got the fourth quarter as well coming up too. And I am sorry Sam, I am not following you.
Sam Poser – Sterne Agee:  Last year – I am sorry to drag this out, but last year your inventory – you’ve done a great job of managing your inventory, the sales, and sort of from a looking backwards basis, the inventory has been a very good predictor of what the sales has been, and the inventory on the simplistic basis has been around 90 – has been about (inaudible) about 93% of sales for the following quarter, and right now its significantly higher than that. And so essentially going into – out of Q2 where Q3 actual revenue is significantly higher than the inventory reflected preceding that quarter.
Tom Hillebrandt:  Right. We’ve got a 53% increase in the sales this year which from a dollar standpoint is a much larger increase than in the past.
Sam Poser – Sterne Agee:  That 53% increase equates to about $171 million, is that correct – $173 million?
Tom Hillebrandt:  Over last year?
Sam Poser – Sterne Agee:  Yes.
Tom Hillebrandt:  Yes, that’s about that.
Sam Poser – Sterne Agee:  And so if you just take the cost of goods related against that, the inventory even there your inventory appears to be high. Now the demand is there, so I am wondering what the outlook really is as far as unheld – you had mentioned the state of the economy and so on, but I say that the economy is terrible, you can’t buy a Prius, and I look at the way the UGG boots are selling, it is a Prius, hard to get hold of it.
Tom Hillebrandt:  Right, but you are not going to run the inventory to zero and then you still – as you get into the fourth quarter then you’ve got the spring products coming in for shipping in the first quarter. So, there is some base level of inventory to take it to that extreme, exactly what’s on the balance sheet, the $91 million right now would be all specifically just third and fourth quarter is kind of over simplifying it.
Sam Poser – Sterne Agee:  Let me ask – I am sorry.
Angel Martinez:  Sam, we have – I think we have demonstrated over the last couple of years that we can manage inventory pretty well. We’ve got a lot of pretty high powered people who live and breathe this every single day. And on top of that, we’re conservative. So, it is one of those things. We sit here all day and talk about those various merits of one approach versus another and understanding our inventory situation. I am very comfortable that we have the appropriate level of inventory to meet our business objectives and grow our company. I am not a risk taker when it comes to inventory. I’ve been in this business too long and I know that the one thing that’ll kill you in this business in inventory. We have the orders against the inventory and that’s a real driver for decision-making about how much inventory we really need around here. So, if I were uncomfortable, we just wouldn’t buy the shoes, and that’s really how we really all operate. This is a very complicated process that we manage very effectively and we do it quarter in and quarter out and we’ve got a lot of good track record with the UGG brand over the last few years in doing that.
Operator:  And we will go to Robert Gotsch [ph] with Nat Capital [ph].
Robert Gotsch – Nat Capital:  Hi, good afternoon. Just on the pre-orders or the pre-bookings, is there any policy regarding either cancellations or mark down monies or returns or things of that nature?
Tom Hillebrandt:  Well, there – the pre book orders, they are not 100% guaranteed, so there is potential, the full disclosure, there is potential for cancellation, but we haven’t noticed any increase in cancellations.
Robert Gotsch – Nat Capital:  Right. On the international sales, just with regards to what’s going on in the UK, perhaps you can maybe discuss year-over-year performance in different regions?
Tom Hillebrandt:  We haven’t – on the international sales I guess that’s 37% for this year, but we haven’t split it down specifically between countries. When you looked at for the increase Europe and U.K., we are a big part of the increase in the second quarter.
Robert Gotsch – Nat Capital:  And do you – could you discuss anything regional in the US?
Angel Martinez:  We continue to see growth in the Northeast, the Midwest. We are starting to see because of the spring product assortment, growth in the Southeast and the warmer climate states. When you look at our business historically, and you see California has been the driving market of our business, people often ask me how well do you think UGG could sell in a warmer climate. And I just point to Southern California where there has been historically a huge number of UGG products sold, and it’s pretty warm climate here. So, I think for us, it’s been garnering the belief by retailers that we have a year round brand with UGG and that’s been proven now by performance at retail and through the sell through and that’s now given retailers confidence that they can expand to their southern tier doors or we have retailers in southern tier states that are bringing UGG in and starting to perform with it.
Robert Gotsch – Nat Capital:  Thank you very much.
Angel Martinez:  Thank you. This will be the last question.
Operator:  This does conclude today’s question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to our speakers for any additional or closing comments.
Angel Martinez:  Thank you very much. We really appreciate your time today. I know all of you have multiple calls to be on. We continue to drive toward our goals. As you can see, we are not letting up for a moment. We struggled due the economic realties like everybody else and I think that we have some wonderful brands and some wonderful people here who are yielding great results for our shareholders. So, thank you.
Operator:  This does conclude today’s conference. We appreciate your patience, and you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-04-27 16:30:00) =====
Executives: Angel Martinez – Chief Executive Officer, President Zohar Ziv – Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer  
Analysts: Mitch Kummetz – Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. [Stephanie Wisting – Piper Jaffray] Todd Slater – Lazard Capital Markets Robert Samuels – J.P. Morgan Sam Poser – Sterne, Agee & Leach Jeff Mintz – Wedbush Morgan Securities Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group
Operator: Welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation first quarter fiscal 2008 earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company’s Safe Harbor Statement. Please note that some of the information provided in this call will be forwarded looking statements within the meaning of the securities’ laws. These statements concern Deckers plans, expectations and objectives for future operation.  The company cautions you that a number of risks and uncertainties beyond its control could cause Deckers actual results to differ materially from those described in this call. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in the risk factor section of its annual report on Form 10-K and on its other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  Among these risks and the fact that company sales are highly sensitive to consumer preference, to general economic conditions, to the weather and to the choice of the customers to carry and promote its products. Decker intends that all of its forward-looking statements in this call will be protected by the safe harbor provision of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Deckers is not obligated to update its forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of future events.  I would now like to turn the conference over to President and Chief Executive Officer Angel Martinez.
Angel Martinez: We are pleased to report first quarter sales and earnings that exceeded our expectation. Our performance was especially gratifying given the current economic climate and challenging retail environment. While no company in our space is immune to the slow down in retail traffic and consumer spending, we believe our results highlight the strengths of our brands and underscore the benefits of our controlled distribution strategy. Sales from the first quarter rose approximately $25 million or 34.4 % to $97.5 million. This was roughly $7 million ahead of our original forecast due primarily to high demand for our UGG spring line. At the same time, diluted earnings per share rose 17.8% to $0.86 versus $0.73 a year ago and compared to our prior guidance, the first quarter of 2008 a flat to up slightly over the first quarter of 2007.  The upside to our earnings was driven by a higher sales and strong full price selling of our UGG brand products, which allowed us to expand gross margins by 130 bases points over last year’s first quarter.  Before I review each brand performance, I would like to briefly touch on some key hires and strategic initiatives we have recently executed. First, as you saw by the release issued this afternoon, we have completed our search for a Chief Financial Officer and we are excited to announce the appointment of Tom Hillebrandt to the role.  Tom most recently served as Corporate Controller and Chief Accountant at K2. Prior to that, Tom served as Chief Financial Officer of Fotoball USA, a publicly held souvenir and promotional products company that was acquired in 2004 by K2. Tom brought with him a great deal of valuable experience that will be an important asset of the company as we continue to grow and expand in our business around the world.  We also recently appointed Dick Ambroisio to the newly created position of Vice President of China Operations and Sourcing. Dick will be based in our office in southern China and oversee the manufacturing of all three brands at our third party production facilities located around the country. Dick has extensive footwear sourcing and manufacturing experience and he will help expand our factory base and streamline the product sourcing and quality control processes that we already have in place. Finally, we assign the letter of intent for a joint venture in China for the UGG brand through which we plan to open two stand alone stores in 2008 or 2009, one in Beijing and one in Shanghais, as well as three Shop in Shops.  At the same time, we are very excited to announce that our Teva and Simple China distributor plan plans to open two stand alone Teva Stores during the second quarter. The first in Shanghais next week followed by Beijing in mid May. They are also planning to open ten more shop in shops later in the year. They will also oversee the debut of the Simple brand in China, which includes plans to open 10 to 15 Shop in Shops by year end.  As everyone is aware, China has quickly become a dynamic market for American branded footwear and apparel and we believe that each of our three brands unique positions will resonate very well with consumers throughout the country.
. : Now to the brands, the UGG brand had an exceptional first quarter with sales of $54.8 million, an increase of 83.6% over sales of $29.8 million the same period last year. The spring line sold through very well at retail as demand for the season’s product offering including sandals, boots and slippers, exceeded our expectations. Some of the key styles were Cardia, Gypsy, Nomad, Layback and Fluffy. January is an excellent retail month traditionally for UGG. We pre-booked a substantial increase in boots for this time period and they proved to be very successful at retail for us including the Cardy boots, the Classic short and tall, the Wahini and the Wilshire logo boots. We also pre-booked an increase in slippers for January, which performed very well. For February, we sold in the comfort sandals including the Gypsy, the Nomad and the Layback, which have been selling through at retail as well.  Sales were consistently strong across all channels, department stores, specialty retail line independents, as well as, our e-commerce and company owned stores. All posted meaningful gains in spring’s sales versus a year ago. I think it is worth noting that each of our wholesale accounts that carry the fall line purchased the spring product in 2008, which is an important step in our efforts to evolve the UGG brand into a year round brand.  Turning to Teva, sales were down slightly in the first quarter compared to a year ago. The shortfall was attributable to delay in shipments to both domestic and international accounts as well as lower than expected fill in orders late in the quarter. We were certainly disappointed in Teva’s start to the year; we believe the brand’s performance was negatively impacted primarily by external factors, most notably, challenging economic conditions that have created a difficult retail environment for the entire industry.  In fact, while general commentary from outdoor retailer of the quarter were discouraging, including talk of wide spread cancellations, specific feed back on Teva has been encouraging. Many of our accounts continue to tell us the brand is holding its own against the competition and we have not experienced any meaningful order cancellations to date.  Importantly, at REI, Teva sales were up high single digits compared with a year ago despite REI’s overall sandal business being flat to slightly down. Several of the standouts from this year’s new spring line come from both our technical and casual collection highlighting the increased breaths of our product mix and the wider consumer appeal of the brand. They include the open Tawachi, the Homium, the Fossil Canyons, the Dozier, Westwater, Mandolyn wedge and the Symcosi.  Simple had a good first quarter with sales of 5.1 million, an increase of 25.2% over last year’s Q1. The brands performance was fueled by strong demand for ecoSneaks, which made up more than 40% of Simple sales during the period, as well as, strong sale through of the spring Green Toe collection.  We experienced double-digit gains for the brand across all channels of distribution including key accounts such as Biller’s, Nordstrom, Urban Outfitters, REI and Whole Foods, in addition to our strong portfolio of specialty stores and independents.  Simple is quickly becoming a more meaningful contributor to our overall results as the awareness of the brand is growing and the product collections are gaining traction at retail.  Over the past several months, we have increased our efforts, our marketing efforts to build on this momentum. This has included traditional print advertising in major publications like Rolling Stone, Teen Vogue and Surfer, as well as, more enhanced point of purchase materials at retail that convey the sustainable lifestyle story. We also continue to take part in sustainable promotion and events across the world. This past weekend, we were at Earth Day events, worldwide, with our retail partners selling products and educating consumers on the brand’s commitment to sustainability.  Importantly, we are seeing a very good return on these investments at traffic and sales on Simple’s e-commerce website are up over 100% and 50%, respectively, versus the same time a year ago. Finally, our consumer direct business nearly doubled from a year ago as sales increased approximately 89% to $21 million, which includes revenues of $15.6 million from our e-commerce division and $5.4 million from our seven retail locations.  Increased demand and heightened interest in all three brands couple with more effective marketing programs have resulted in a significant spike in total visits to our website, including that triple digit increase at simpleshoes.com for the first quarter.  Meanwhile, despite the general slow down in traffic levels discussed by many retailers, we saw healthy increases at our company owned stores versus the same period a year ago.  More importantly, both our full priced and outlets stores reported solid gains driven by demand for our new spring products.  With regard to our store opening plans, we expect to open an UGG Concept Store in San Francisco during the third quarter, which will be located near Union Square and a second location in New York during the fourth quarter, which will be located near Lincoln Center. We also plan to open an outlet store in New Jersey during the fourth quarter. Overseas, we are aggressively searching for real estate to open at least one and potentially two UGG brand stores in London. As I mentioned earlier, our distributor in China plans to open two Teva Stores there next month and as part of our joint venture, we expect to open two additional UGG brand stores in China. Before I turn the call over to Zohar to review the financial, I wanted to point out for those who might have missed it that Deckers was recently named to Outside Magazine’s Inaugural List of the best places to work. The list was created by employee surveys and aimed at identifying employers that not only create a great work environment but also promote an environmentally friendly business process and create a work to outdoor life balance for its staff. We are honored to have received this award and I am extremely humbled that it was our own employee feedback that resulted in this nice designation, Zohar.
Zohar Ziv: The first quarter of 2008, net sales increased 34.4% to $97.5 million versus $72.6 million for the first quarter of last year.  Including sales from the wholesale division as well as the consumer direct business, our net sales of our products increased 83.6% to $54.8 million versus $29.8 million for the first quarter last year. Net sales of Teva products decreased 2.6% to $37.7 million in the last quarter compared to $38.7 million in the same period of 2007. Simple brand sales increased 25.2% to $5.1 million for the quarter versus $4 million in the same period last year. Included in these numbers are e-commerce sales for all three brands of $15.6 million up 75.4% from $8.6 million in the first quarter 2007 and retail sales of $5.3 million up 145.4% from $2.2 million in the prior year period. Also included in the brand sales numbers, international sales for all three brands increased 11.3% to $18.8 million compared to $16.9 million in the first quarter last year. In domestic sales increased 41.4% to $78.7 million compared to $55.6 million in 2007.  Our gross margin for the current quarter was 47.3% compared to 46% in the first quarter of last year. Our margin remains high due to the robust full price selling and low inventory write down for UGG brand. In addition, the change in sales mix toward higher e-commerce and retail sales, as well as slightly lower international sales as a percentage of total sales also contributed to the higher gross margin for the current year.  Total SG&A expense for the quarter was $29.1 million or 29.8% of net sales compared to $18.3 million or 25.3% of net sales a year ago. The planned increase in SG&A expense in the first quarter was primarily due to variable cost associated with the higher sales such as commission, marketing and other selling expenses and two new retail stores that were not open in the first quarter last year.  As we discussed in the prior quarter’s call, we also incurred higher stock compensation expense and higher distribution center rent expense related to the additional space added in December 2007.  In addition, we incurred higher expenses in 2008 for our portion of the production cost of the Teva IMAX movie.  It is important to note that a substantial amount of our SG&A expenses are fixed and evenly spread throughout each of our four quarters. As a reminder, in addition to typical yearly increases in outstanding, we expect the incremental components to our SG&A 2008, which included additional stock compensation, several new senior level hires and expansion of our distribution capabilities. As a result, our operating margin for the first quarter of 2008 was 17.5% of net sales compared to 24.8% last year. For the full year, we expect our operating margin to be in the low 20s. Interest income was approximately $1.4 million in the first quarter compared to last year’s first quarter interest income of $1.2 million. This increase is the result of higher cash balances partially offset by lower interest rate. Net income for the first quarter was $11.3 million or $0.86 per diluted share compared to $9.5 million or $0.73 per diluted shares in the first quarter of last year.  Turning to the balance sheet, March 31, 2008, our overall inventory increased to $49.4 million versus $34.2 million a year ago.  By brand, UGG inventory increased 84.6% to $26.9 million. Teva inventory increased 50.8% to $18.3 million. Simple inventory increased 11.7% to $4.2 million. The increase in UGG brand inventory occurred to meet demands in both orders and the increase in inventory for our Teva and Simple brands were due to higher than anticipated sales for the second and third quarters of this year.  In addition, March 31, 2008, we had cash, cash equivalent and short time investments totally $183.4 million compared to $109.5 million in March 31, 2007.  Accounts receivable were $40.7 million compared to $36.4 million at March 31, 2007.  With regard to our outlook, based on our first quarter results, coupled with improved visibility into the back half of the year and based upon the current pre-book and discussions with our retail partners, we are raising our 2008 guidance. We now expect revenues to increase approximately 31% over 2007 levels up from our previous guidance of approximately 25% growth. We also now expect diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 27% over 2007 up from our previous guidance of approximately 20% growth. Again, this is based on first quarter results; improved visibility based upon the current pre-book and takes into account a gross margin of approximately 45% in 2008 versus 46.2% in 2007 and SG&A as a percentage of sales approximately 23%. In addition, our fiscal 2008 guidance includes approximately $8.8 million of stock compensation expense an increase of approximately $2.2 million over 2007.  For the second quarter as compared to the second quarter 2007, we currently expect revenues to increase approximately 50% and diluted earnings per share to increase approximately 30%. Our forecast is based on a gross profit margin in line with the second quarter of 2007 and SG&A on an absolute dollar bases up slightly from the first quarter of 2008. The increase in Q2 SG&A on a year over year comparison is based on the same reasons as the increase for the first quarter of 2008, which I have discussed, in addition to the recent hired executive expense.  For the full year, we now expect our sales to increase by approximately 37%, Teva sales to grow by approximately 8% and Simple sales to increase by approximately 35% over 2007.  I will now turn the call back to Angel for some closing remarks.
Angel Martinez:  We are very pleased with our strong start to 2008 and we feel very good about our opportunities for the remainder of the year, evidenced by our heightened outlook. As we begin the second quarter and approach the back half of the year, we are very excited about what we see for all three brands. The UGG brand’s fall line is broader and more diverse than ever before with a significant amount of new styles for women, men and kids. Based on our first quarter performance coupled with our current pre-book, we are predicting another year of strong double digit growth for the brand.  As the weather has begun to warm over the past few weeks, we have seen retail sales for Teva pick up. We expect this to accelerate through late spring and early summer and anticipate Teva’s sales in the second quarter to increase by approximately 10% over the same period 2007.  Later this year will mark the debut of Teva’s inaugural fall line of clothes, toe and toe protective foot wear. The reaction from retailers to this product has been positive and we expect Teva’s sales in the second half of the year to increase by approximately 20% over the same period in 2007, which gives us confidence in our beliefs that we can evolve Teva into a year round brand.  The momentum from ecoSneaks, from that introduction last summer, has continued to fuel Simple’s recent performance and proven that the combination of sustainability and commercial success in the footwear industry are achievable.  We are still in the early stage of development; we believe the global potential of this business is considerable.  In closing, I want to reiterate that we remain confident about our prospects this year and feel it is important to point out our outlook does takes into account the current economic trends in the U.S. as well as overseas. We feel our upwardly revised guidance is not optimistic but rather realistic based on our order book and discussions with retail partners. During my 30 years in the footwear industry, I witnessed several similar market conditions before and what I have consistently seen is the flight to quality and a flight to comfort during times like these and that is certainly what we are experiencing right now.  Looking beyond this year, we are excited about the many global opportunities we still believe e exist and importantly we are putting the pieces in place now to support our long term growth strategy. Thank you again for joining us and we will now be glad to take questions.
Operator:
 :  (Operator Instructions) Your first call is from Mitch Kummetz - Robert Baird. 
Mitch Kummetz - Robert Baird: A few questions here let me start with the guidance. Obviously, you are raising the guidance for the full year by more than you beat in Q1, clearly there is some confidence in that there is this going forward. Can you talk a little about the visibility you have there. Is it mostly fall pre-book orders and then Q2, I am surprised how strong your sales outlook is for Q2. I know you mentioned Teva up 10%, obviously, you are expecting a big increase in UGG and is that pre-book driven or are you expecting reorders there? I am curious as to what the expectation is on the Q2 UGG sales to get the big sales increase for Q2?
Angel Martinez: Most of our assumptions are based on our pre-book and the visibility that we have been discussing has been based on that. Obviously, we consider the macro economic factors not only in the U.S. but around the world and we take that into consideration as well. We remain very bullish on the product and the sell through we are seeing and the way retailers have responded to new product. It is based on pre-book, Mitch.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert Baird: The pre-book, what is your expectation for UGG in the second quarter? I haven’t had a chance to back that out yet; but I am assuming it is up more than 50%.
Zohar Ziv: It is more than 50%. If we are looking at 50% and Teva is about 10%, UGG will be in the neighborhood of 80%.
Angel Martinez: I think the second quarter also includes our introduction of the Planet Walkers with the walking company on a nationwide basis. Plus, for Teva, we are pulling the fall introduction of the Mountain Scuff into July, which I think is also going to prove to be important and I think retailers are excited about that.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert Baird: Okay, a couple of questions on the long term outlook for UGG and I know you, in the past, have talked about that being a $500 million business in three to five years. If you look at the guidance you have now for this year, I think you said up 37% that gets you pretty close to 500 million; I think around 475-476 million. At what point do you start talking about a new target for that business, maybe a billion dollar business and at what point do you think you will get to a level and how do you get there, if indeed that might be a target of yours?
Zohar Ziv:  You are right, Mitch, as we are looking at the numbers right now. We are looking to reach our number much quicker than the target that we had set. We go into our strategic planning we go into next month that will be reviewing our long-term goal and the projection for the three brands and for the company. We will probably update the targets for the brands and the company in the second quarter call.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert Baird: Is it premature to ask you about your long term international opportunity? I know you have talked about international getting the 30% of the business also during that 3-5 year time frame. I am just curious as to when you might be going direct in Europe. I know that could hinge on your U.K. distributorship and I am curious as to when that agreement runs out and when a decision might be made to go direct in Europe?
Angel Martinez: We haven’t specifically outlined a date; but as these agreements expire, we will be replacing them with subsidiary models. In the end, what we have been up to in Europe is building a solid foundation of quality distribution and in addition to that, at retail we have been developing the retail relationship’s that allow the brand to be showcased the way we want them to be. We don’t want to just be driving volume in Europe; we want to be building our brands in Europe.  Stepping outside of Europe for a second, you can see the aggressiveness with which we are pursuing China and things in China move very quickly. There is a lot of demand for our products over there and we are, I think, going at it the right way with quality distribution, quality presentation of the brand and quality relationships with our partners inclusive in that would be the joint venture we just sent it into. We are very firm on our expectation of 30% for our international business and we are going to be as aggressive as we should be in reaching those goals.
Zohar Ziv: In addition, the London store that will be opening that will be owned 100% by the company. They will be the first foothold into us establishing fully operating subsidiary in Europe. 
Mitch Kummetz - Robert Baird: Then last question, on the inventory, I just wanted to clarify, Zohar, I don’t know if I heard you right on the Teva inventory, you said it was up 16.8%, one-six point eight not six-zero point eight, is that correct?
Zohar Ziv: No, Teva inventory is 15.8%, one-five point eight.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert Baird: It doesn’t sound as if there is any excess inventory on your books even as Teva business was off a little in the first quarter.
Zohar Ziv: No, when you are looking at anticipation for Teva 10% and Teva is doing 20% the second half of the year, you can see we are managing the inventory quite tightly when you look at the big increase for Simple that only went up by 11.7%. I know that on a percentage basis our inventory is up 84.6%; but as you said, their sales are going to be approximately at the same level and the bulk of this inventory is booked.
Operator: Your next call is from Stephanie Wisting - Piper Jaffray.
Stephanie Wisting - Piper Jaffray: First, could you give us some colour as to the composition of the UGG booking second half given the strength across the range in the spring. Do the retailers want to take some bets on some of your newer items or categories into the fall?
Angel Martinez: We have had a tremendous response to the newer items inclusive; the fluffy flip-flop has been very successful. We have sold the Cardy has been really spectacular. We had a great classic boot business; the slippers have done well in the first quarter. All of that sort of creates great momentum and we will continue to see the casual product I believe performed well because it is performing, Driving Mocs for women, Estadrills, while the weather has probably been an issue there, we expect those to continue to perform as the weather heats up.  Truly a business is not dependent on items per se, it is really one and if you see our presentation at retail around the country, you will see a much better spread and assortment. Retailers understand that the brand is built on comfort and we are delivering comfort in each of the product categories and that is what consumer’s are responding to.
Stephanie Wisting - Piper Jaffray:  Zohar, if you could provide us an update on your store same cost and maybe some of the cost engineering initiatives you have in place, particularly to the UGG brand. 
Zohar Ziv: As we mentioned before, the specifics for this year our cost structure has been fixed with the factories so that’s backed into our prices. Looking at cost, we are developing items for the coming year, some of the things that we are doing is we have moved some of our factories, especially for the UGG brand, they have built a new factory in the northern part of China where there are lower costs; it is next to the tannery. We are looking how to mitigate some of the cost increase from China. In addition, part of the major responsibility of big who will join us who have got expensive sourcing and manufacturing experience in China is to expand our sourcing capability and to make sure that we are containing cost increases.
Angel Martinez: 
Fegly: For many years, those were not big priorities. The supply chain was not something talked about in the footwear industry, per se. I think that is all changing and changing quickly. The new pick module, which you know we have spent a lot of money on, it’s going to be up and running in June and that creates tremendous efficiencies for us in handling products, etc. We are actually very excited about those improvements. 
Stephanie Wisting - Piper Jaffray:  If you could just remind us of the ranking of markets internationally by country or even general regions.
Angel Martinez: Right now, Europe is, outside of North America, the most important market for us. It is the one that we have had; we have put effort and energy into for quite a few years beginning with our distributors in Switzerland and Benelux, we have been in German with the Teva brand for many years.  The U.K. is probably the lead driver in the European market primarily because it is a great footwear market and we think there is a great affinity for the UGG brand in the U.K.  As we move around the rest of Europe, you start to see opportunity in markets like Germany, which are very undeveloped for the UGG brand. We have a good Teva business there, but we think that there is a very large business potentially.  Scandinavia is a market that just came on board last year that is in combination all the Scandinavian countries is a good market for us. Russia is a market that we are aggressively pursuing a distributor relationship there potentially a very strong market. People have been wearing sheepskin products in Russia for a long time given the fact that we have the most evolved footwear collection in the world of sheepskin product that bodes well. Canada, if you come back to North America, is a very important market and we are actually seeing some great growth in Canada with a great distributor there for the UGG brand and the Teva brand.  Then there is Asia; the key driver in Asia is China and the energy that I think is starting to develop with our brands in China, all of them as I described in my comments, will have retail presence; they will have stores dedicated to the brands and there is an affinity for these kind of brands in the China market that all bodes very well.
Stephanie Wisting - Piper Jaffray: The last one for me is regarding Simple, if you could just talk about some of the distribution for the brand with the ecoSneak line and then the penetration of the stores, the chains that you mentioned in your prepared remarks, if you could just give us an update there, thanks.
Angel Martinez: I don’t have specific store counts but we have had just great success with Dilliard’s for example. We are seeing great sales with Nordstrom. Urban Outfitters, we have had great response and we continue to do well with ecoSneaks and now also with Green Toe in Whole Foods. It is an interesting scenario, because this is a difficult market for a lot of retailers but one of the things that retailers have not abandoned is the need to give their customers something new, something fresh, something contemporary and timely and the product is good. The price points are good. From the independence out there to the department stores, we have had a lot of interest in Simple this spring. It is suddenly as if people woke up and discovered Simple.  In addition to that are all the PR and the amount of media energy that is going around sustainability. The brand is very well positioned; it has become like the first place someone goes when they think, okay I need a sustainable category in my store. I don’t have it in footwear, which of the brands am I going to go at. Well, Simple is at the top of the list. We are getting a lot of opportunity; I think you will see over the next six months a very important broadening of the distribution platform for Simple.
Operator: Your next call is from Todd Slater - Lazard Capital. 
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital: I just want to start with Teva and I am just wondering on here, what’s for the scorecard you give yourself on the turnaround so far, sort of beyond the external issues, which we all know about out there. What has really worked and what do you think if anything you reworked?
Angel Martinez: Let’s go back to the mix, when we started, the mix of products we were selling was heavily slated toward flip-flops. We were driving the top line based on flip-flops and I always pointed out the fact that back then, if you looked at our revenue top line was 80 million or thereabouts, most of that was comprised of flip-flops at about $20 retail.  In the mix, you really saw the primarily driver of our growth in units was that kind of products. We had to change that; we went to a $80 price point product in the performance sandals and almost reversed the mix that is a difficult thing to do and it involved a lot of product development and repositioning of the brand; we are still in that process. We also had to create a year round line and we didn’t have anything to offer for the fall season. When you look at the response we have had the fall ’08, included in that is every caveat is the macro environment.  We have had an incredible response and I normally don’t use words like that; but, it’s been a fantastic response to this fall line, people seeing it as very fresh, very saleable, very commercial product. I believe the other thing to note is that the brand has sustained this environment very well. We are holding our own in retail and performing better than most and that is indicative of the strength of the brand. Brands are very important and consumers always go back to brands they know and they trust. For a long time there, a few years before I came, we were not developing enough new products and I think that really caused the brand to stagnant. I think retail has now known Teva is the brand that is on the move and we are gaining back market share that we lost in those years. I give us pretty high marks for all the things we have had to do to bring this brand back and on top of that position it as a performance brand, which is an ongoing part of the process. 
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital: I think that is fair and then moving on to UGG, just wondering if you could give us a little bit of the vision of the rest of the (inaudible) extensions like the hand bags and the apparels, talk about and also just hit on some of the performance of the more fashion sandals like the Malta and the Conn and the things that stuff has got any traction in it.
Angel Martinez: We view UGG as a lifestyle brand and have from the beginning; yes, the handbags, the cold weather accessories, hat, gloves, scarves and the outerwear are all a very important part of that mix. When you see the fall ads in full weight, you are going to see the brand showcased as a complete lifestyle statement. We were really not that satisfied with where we were going with our outer wear through licensing and we have decided this year we are going to be doing that. We are tackling that ourselves, very limited, very selective but really focusing on quality. We like what we have got; you will see it in selected place, you will see it in our own stores, you will see it on our website and you will see it in selected retailers.  When it comes to the handbags, again there we felt that we really wanted to take better control of that entire process, speaking to quality, I mean that is really what the brand is. It’s a premium brand and so we will continue to develop those kinds of products that make sense to the brand and if all these retail showcases around the world, you must have more than just shoes to look at, to try on, and to aspire to. The retail showcase will be a great laboratory and experiment, a laboratory and experiment for this kind of ancillary kind of products. They are going to give us a great read of what consumers are looking for around the world and we will come up with new things based on the exposure to retail direct to the consumer.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital: Lastly and a follow up international question, I understand the goal is 30% there and was just wondering if you could remind us what the mix is likely to be by the end of this year and how that compares to ’07. Is that growing faster than the domestic?
Zohar Ziv: Yes, internationally it is going to grow faster this year, the domestic. I would say it would grow in the neighborhood of over 40%.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital: Okay, so maybe gain a couple of points in the mix kind of thing?
Zohar Ziv: Yes.
Operator:
 : Your next call is from Robert Samuels - J.P. Morgan.
Robert Samuels - J.P. Morgan: You have a boatload of cash on the balance sheet and you have spoken in the past about adding another (inaudible). Can you just update us on this and what sort of opportunities on held you are currently seeing out there?
Angel Martinez:  I am seeing opportunities out there and just as I had hoped. This difficult environment I think is great. Evaluation is down to more palatable place. We are looking for lifestyle brands or brands that have that potential. We are looking for brands with quality distribution. Ideally we would like a brand with management team because we don’t have a lot of bodies to spare.  Generally speaking, the things I am looking at are brands that are right in our power alley right in the strength of our company to leverage production sourcing, development, distribution and increasingly the worldwide distribution. My preference and I have to be straight with that, I love to build brands.  It would probably be a brand that we can take that ride up to a couple hundred million dollar levels that would be my goal as optimal. It’s not to say we would reject out of hand the brand that is bigger than that but generally speaking that is the fun for me and we remain very entrepreneurial as a company in that respect. That is our mission to build brands into a market leader.
Robert Samuels - J.P. Morgan: Sounds great and also on that, did you say that SG&A for Q2 should be up slight on a dollar basis to Q1, did I hear you right?
Zohar Ziv:  Yes, as we said, most of our SG&A is kind of spread throughout the year. We are looking for SG&A to be in the neighborhood of 20, 30% in sales for the full year. Q2 you will see a slight dollar increase from Q1. 
Robert Samuels - J.P. Morgan: Then, gross margin, you said flat to last year.
Zohar Ziv: Yes, comparable to last year. 
Operator: Your next call is from Sam Poser - Stearn, Agee.
Sam Poser - Stearn, Agee: I know that you inventory in (inaudible) is in very good shape; but, is most of that spring goods or is that some of the closed toe stuff that you are starting to set up for already?
Angel Martinez: Yes, we are going to be…you will start seeing the fall goods start coming in here in the next six weeks. We’ve got the inventory mix right now is the new stuff, the good stuff, weather of course is hopefully going to be turning in our benefit here in the next few weeks. We anticipate an improvement in the fill-in business. A lot of retailers have been, as you know, keeping their powder dry and not building up their own inventory. They are waiting for the weather to turn and then trying to fill in on an at once basis. I think we will see some of that as well benefiting us here soon.
Sam Poser - Stearn, Agee:  One, if you could just walk back through the Chinese, the store openings in China for me and lastly, Zohar, now that you have a new CFO in place, what are your main objectives going to be going forward in you new role?
Zohar Ziv: I will answer that first, besides taking some time off, I think as was indicated before when the question was asked about us focusing on improving our infrastructure. It is really spending the time in the supply chain both on the sourcing side also the China extension, working on the JV, the European distributor and stores; those are areas that I am heading so I will be spending a lot of my time both on the operation and the supply chain and also international extension. And further, talking about the supply chain, our distribution center and probably (inaudible).
Angel Martinez: As far as the stores go, we are planning two stand alone stores in 2008 or 2009, one in Beijing, one in Shanghais and three Shop in Shops in that same time frame. We are also planning with our Teva and Simple distributor to open two stand alone Teva stores during the second quarter, this coming quarter, the first in Shanghais and that is next week, followed by Beijing in mid May and they are planning to open ten more Shop in Shops later in the year. We will also be seeing more on the Simple front in China, which includes plants open 10 to 15 Shop in Shops by year end. You are going to see the brand being born in China, which is very exciting for us.
Sam Poser - Stearn, Agee:  What kind of growth do you foresee with that in 2009 just sort of looking ahead, if all goes the way you envision and now that you have more people to put against that area and the total?
Angel Martinez: I think the most important thing right now is, obviously, you can open stores anywhere in the world and just drive volume that is not our goal. We are building the brands in those markets so it is important to get location; the right locations surrounded by the appropriate other brand.  It is important to establish ourselves with a premium positioning in China so that the price points are comparable to what we would need them to be for making performance product in the case of Teva, for staying to our sustainable store with Simple and obviously the premium luxury comfort story with UGG. It is the foundation phase is where we are at, brand positioning, good real estate choices, building the staff, building the infrastructure; we have great service in the stores, which is kind of new to China, by the way, that full service orientation and making sure that we have a sound infrastructure for growth.  At that point and it’s probably a couple of years of development along those fronts, we would be able to start being even more aggressive in rolling outdoors. My goal right now is not to see how many stores we can open, how much volume we can drive. 
Operator:
 : Your next question comes from Jeff Mintz - Wedbush.
Jeff Mintz - Wedbush: Zohar, could you talk a little about the potential implications of the new pick module for margins going forward and do you anticipate a margin impact in the second half of this year? Do you expect that to really impact in ’09?
Zohar Ziv: We are planning to put it into production in June. You are not going to see any margin impact in the second quarter for only the bulk of the impact you will start to see more toward the later part of the year in ’09. You are not going to see it into margin in the gross profit margin, you will see it in SG&A piece and what it will allow us…the pick module right now is menu of picking, we can pick up to 65,000 picks per day. The pick module will allow us to do up to 225,000 picks per day. They allow us to triple our picking capacity on a daily basis.
Jeff Mintz – Wedbush:  Is that with fewer people, is that where the SG&A benefit comes in?
Zohar Ziv:  Correct because it was a big investment. As we said, it was about $12 million. The payback we are getting is through the efficiency and fewer people.
Jeff Mintz – Wedbush:  Can you just talk a little about the UGG strength in product in particular? I know you have talked a little about the selling of slippers and boots in the spring; but, I am trying to get a sense of where the spring product has matured to at this point and where you see it going as we go into ’09 as well.
Angel Martinez: Primarily it has been women; it has been driven by the women’s business. We have some key styles that are spring only styles, the Cardy is a great example and that has been very successful. It is built on the platform of a classic boot but now added a whole new fabrication, a whole upper and whole new style.  This fluffy flip-flop has just been a bit of a phenomenon; it is just kind of hard to find right now that has created another dimension of the brand; it is fun. It is very colorful; if you have seen that product there is just a lot of color in it.  We continue to do a good job with the core styles. The core styles I would describe included moccasins, the layback, which is sandal style. It is a diversification of the line; what is different about each of these products is they compare to many of the competitors and they are very comfortable. In addition to being a unique look, we are not out there replicating what other people are doing. These are unique looks to us and I think that has just created a lot of buzz at retail.  
Jeff Mintz – Wedbush:  On Teva, but I am just trying to figure out where you are getting the confidence to look for 10% growth in Q2 given the difficulties in Q1 and, obviously, the weather, which hopefully will improve here, but kind of the overall environment continues to be difficult and I am trying to get a sense of what you are hearing that is giving you that confidence.
Angel Martinez: We have had a lot of conversation with our retailers and we have them everyday and I am very impressed with the way the brand has held its own. I think a lot of retailers when they have discretionary dollars in terms of fill-in, they will place them with brands that have held their own in difficult times and brands that people know. We are definitely getting commitments that come at the expense of other brands. We are taking share back from people that in the last few years have taken it from us.  I think our products are priced right; I think they perform well; we have got the Omnium for example, it is a closed toe sandal at a better price point, better fit and better grip than anything else out there in the closed toe category. Retailers are stepping up and reordering that product as the weather improves. Our expectations for Teva were always conservative. We knew we were in a turn around situation and that continues; we are not done yet.  I am seeing good response to the product line and it is coming off of a conservative expectation. We don’t have to set the world on fire for Teva to experience some significant increases and that is just not really including the opportunities that present themselves as we move into the back half of the year; because, there we see some nice growth potential in response to the fall line. We are very optimistic, I believe and realistic with the Teva expectations.
Operator: Next we will take our last question from Chris Svezia - Susquehanna Financial Group.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group:  I have a handful of questions quickly here on Teva just for clarification. I just want to get some idea of the inventory levels at retail because it seems like when you are walking around and checking you are not seeing the promotional activity on the Teva brand. It seems like it is working at full price. Can you just explain why REI’s doing so much better? I know they are a big customer of yours versus other retailers like EMS or Dicks or L.L. Bean, etc. 
Angel Martinez: First of all, it is product; you know product, product, product. As I mentioned, there are some really good products at great price points in the Teva line this spring. If you go around and check, as you have, you will see it; it is out there full price. There are a lot of people who are not at full price. I think that just bodes well; it is confidence by the retailer and beliefs in the brand.  They know that the minute we start seeing a pattern of warm weather that they will continue to sell these products all through the summer. We really are getting that first hand from them and the brand is holding its own. I think there was a really big question that was answered this spring with the tough environment as it is about Teva’s ability to turn itself around and I think that we are seeing the answer to that.  It is a very positive one and it is expressed by the retailer’s confidence and the fact that the brand has good potential going forward as a year round brand. In the end, retailers make subjective decisions as well as objective decisions based on sale through and turn, et cetera. We seem to be meeting the mark on both fronts.
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group: I assume on the 10% increase you are looking for Q2 just for clarification, make an assumption for re-orders for the second quarter, not just moving up the introduction for the Mountain Scuff.
Angel Martinez: We really look to improved weather and, obviously, we hope for that; I can’t predict it. We expect a much better re-order cycle in the second quarter than we have seen so far with the delay of spring that’s what it has been. Nothing like last year and hopefully won’t be; but, we think we are at the top of the list with retailers when it comes to re-orders. Again, we have been conservative all along on this front. We really are working very hard and let me underscore that point, too. If you talk to any retailers and we have great programs out there for them; we are committed to the retailer’s success with our brand; we are making it easy for them to buy our product. I think we are fulfilling very well in our customer service group. Our discount program is quite competitive; we are doing some things with freight that they appreciate, trying to take some of the pressure off them. We are working this at every angle; we are being very aggressive, very hungry and we demonstrate that we want the business. I think that the retailers are appreciating that. 
Chris Svezia – Susquehanna Financial Group:  When you talk about the growth and the penetration you are getting down in the south and southeast markets from the UGG brand, some of those newer markets, are retailers being very receptive to looking at the entire product line not just emphasis on boots. I was just wondering if you could talk about that as the year unfolds.
Angel Martinez:  The answer to that is yes. One of the things you get to do when you have a powerful brand is that you get to showcase your entire assortment the way you want it to showcase the year round basis. We select our retail partners very carefully; we really want people who are committed to the brand on a year round basis.  We don’t have a lot of interest in one-sided relationships, we find ourselves in a position to be able to make that expectation know, and to have it met. The answer is that it is somewhat a bit of leverage; yes, it is. The product is selling and turning and I would never use the leverage if we didn’t have the opportunity for retailers to make money and great margins. We have had no resistance and we continue to grow our business based on those kinds of relationships.
Operator: I show that there are no further questions at this time. 
Angel Martinez: I just want to thank you all for believing in our company and continuing to support our efforts. It has been a great quarter for us; we are very excited about our results but very proud of our company and all our employees worldwide.  We are adding to our team with some very high-end talent. I think that bodes very well for the future that we are using our success to invest in our future potential here in the U.S. and around the world. I hope you can see that from what we have discussed today. Thank you very much and we will speak to you next quarter.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-28 16:30:00) =====
Executives: 
Angel R. Martinez - Chief Executive Officer and President,:  Zohar Ziv - Chief Operating and Chief Executive Officer  Peter Worley 
Analysts:  Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray Mitch Kummetz - Robert W. Baird  Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc.  Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC  Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets  
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the Deckers Outdoor Corporation Fourth Quarter and Fiscal 2007 Year-End Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, we will conduct a question-and-answer session. Instructions will be provided at that time for you to queue up for questions. If anyone has any difficulty hearing this conference, please press *0 for operator assistance at any time. I would like to remind everyone that this conference call is being recorded.  Before we begin, I would also like to remind everyone of the company’s safe harbor language. Please note that some of the information provided in this call will be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Securities laws. These statements concern Deckers’ plans, expectations, and objectives for future operations. The company cautions you that a number of risks and uncertainties beyond its control could cause Deckers’ actual results to differ materially from those described on this call. Deckers has explained some of these risks and uncertainties in the Risk Factor section of its Annual Report on Form 10-K and its other documented files with the SEC. Among these risks is the fact that the company’s sales are highly sensitive to consumer preference, general economic conditions, the weather, and the choice of its customers to carry and promote its products. Deckers extends that all of its forward-looking statements in this call will be protected by the Safe Harbor Provisions of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 as amended. Deckers is not obligated to update its forward-looking statements to reflect the impact of future events. I would now like to turn the conference over to the President and CEO, Angel Martinez. Please go ahead sir.
Angel Martinez: Good afternoon to all of you and thanks for joining us. With me on today’s call is Zohar Ziv, our Chief Operating and Chief Executive Officer. As you saw from our release, we ended 2007 with very strong fourth quarter performance as revenues increased more than 56% to a record $194.2 million, and diluted earnings per share rose to a record $2.69. Our results were driven primarily by another excellent holiday season for the Ugg brand. Sales significantly exceeded our expectations, increasing approximately 62% to $178 million versus $110 million in the fourth quarter a year ago. We experienced very robust full price selling across the entire Ugg line including our core boot business, our women’s surf fashion and Metropolitan collection, our slippers, our men’s casuals, and the kids’ styles. We reported meaningful gains in all regions of the country with particularly strength in the northeast. Outside the US, UK continues to be our fastest growing market, while Canada and Benelux region also contributed nicely to our international results. And finally our consumer direct business, which includes both the e-commerce business and our retail stores, was up significantly compared to the prior year period. For Teva, fourth quarter sales were on plan, while Simple’s performance was highlighted by strong sales of ecoSNEAKS across the majority of accounts. Now for the year, fiscal 2007 was also highlighted by record financial results with sales of $448.9 million, up 47.5% from $304.4 million in 2006 and diluted earnings per share of $5.06, up 53.3% from non-GAAP diluted EPS of $3.30 in 2006 before taking into account the 2006 adjustments from the restatement related to our China subsidiary and the impairment loss attributable to the partial write-down of our Teva trademark. In addition, we improved our balance sheet, finishing the year with more than $168 million in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments compared to approximately $99 million at the end of 2006. Equally important to our financial performance was the number of strategic initiatives that we successfully executed throughout the year. We focused on increasing the market opportunities for all 3 brands, strengthening our management team, and improving our operating platform, culminating with the promotion of Zohar Ziv to the newly created position of Chief Operating Officer. As we continue to grow and expand our business around the world, I believe it is necessary to have someone take on the responsibility of overseeing our global operations on the daily basis, and I am confident Zohar is the right person for the job. We also reorganized our supply chain structure and hired Mark Zegley, an experienced supply chain executive, as Senior VP of supply chain, and we are currently in the process of hiring an individual to spearhead the growth of our China operations. We also began the process of doubling our distribution capacity here in California, and Zohar will touch on these investments in more detail in a moment. In addition, we are in the process of hiring a VP of Human Resources as well as a new CFO to fill the position vacated by Zohar’s promotion. Turning to the brands, for Ugg, 2007 was another milestone year as the brand recorded its 10th year of double-digit growth and surpassed the $300-million annual sales mark. At the same time, we made important progress evolving the product line, expanding our selling seasons, and attracting new consumers to the brand. All that said, it is important to note that we believe it is still a small brand globally with a lot of untapped potential. Full year Ugg sales grew 64.4% to $347.6 million, which reflects a much broader, more diversified fall offering combined with a growth of our spring line. In early 2007, we experienced very strong sell-through with the introduction of our first collection of espadrilles, more luxury sandals, and driving mocs, and had a very strong sell-through in the second quarter as well, which has historically been the brand’s lowest quarter in terms of sales volume. This past fall, we added more fashion styles to women’s style including heels and wedges featuring more leather and suede than in years past. These new styles still adhere to our central theme of combining luxury and comfort but provide our consumers with more occasions to wear the Ugg brand on a daily basis, such as to work or out for the evening. Our boots continue to be the foundation of our business, and they too evolved this past year, both in terms of color, fabric, and as well as styles. Key items included the Cardy boot, the Crochet boot—which was featured on Oprah’s Favorite Thing—and of course the Classic and Ultra. In men’s we expanded our popular surf collection with new styles of casual footwear that have attracted new male consumers to the brand and created repeat customers who historically have bought our slippers.  Internationally, the UK was again a standout. The brands’ performance there has been very reminiscent of the US several years back, and we’re hoping to replicate the success across the continent, particularly throughout northern Europe which has ideal climate for the Ugg brand year around. In a nutshell, we delivered a broad collection of footwear this past year that resonated extremely well with consumers around the world and translated into a record period of growth for the Ugg brand. At the same time, it was extremely gratifying that our efforts didn’t go unnoticed by the industry, as the Ugg brand received the Plus Award for design excellence in the brand of the year category, and the Plus Award for design excellence in the boot category from Footwear Plus, one of the leading trade publications. I’d also like to acknowledge Connie Rishwain, the president of the Ugg brand, and her team for their exceptional effort that led to these outstanding results. Our goal for Teva in 2007 was to reignite the brand, primarily reversing the declining sales trend and regaining retailer confidence. As we’ve discussed before, we’re in the early stages of multiyear turnaround as we work toward reestablishing Teva as an outdoor performance brand and attract a younger, more active consumer. We’re pleased with the results of 2007, as sales increased 9.2% to $87.9 million from $80.5 million in 2006. We got off to a solid start early in the year, with very good sell-through during the first quarter as consumers reacted positively to the spring line—more than half of which you may recall was completely new. This included more technical products at $100 price points featuring our proprietary Wraptor strapping system, drain frame design, and event waterproof materials. We also significantly expanded Teva’s casual offerings. Despite the overall softness for sandals in April and May, brought on by the cold wet weather across much of the country, we were very encouraged by Teva’s performance during the first half of 2007. Importantly the feedback from our retail accounts was very positive, and as a result, we continue to see a meaningful increase in shelf space and more prominent exposure for the brand across our channels of distribution. Also driving the turnaround has been our enhanced marketing campaign, including more ad pages, more elaborate POP displays, and a greater number of retail shop in shops. Each of these mediums does a great job of showcasing our new and expanded product line while highlighting Teva’s transformation into the much broader outdoor footwear category. In addition, we sponsored events like—for example in the US the Teva Mountain Games in Veil, Colorado, the Teva Veil Trail Running Series, and the Stanta Cruz Surf Kayak Festival in Santa Cruz, California, among others. During the fall, we introduced a limited selection of new closed toe styles as part of our effort to make the second half of the year more meaningful to our business. Most of these were closed up versions of key items from the spring line such as the Ossagon and Wraptor Stability eVent. Again, this was a small offering, but the initial results gave us confidence that long term we can successfully expand Teva’s selling season. I think it’s important to point out that internationally Teva continued to maintain its market position. It has retained its premium status in Europe over the past few years, despite taking a step backwards here in the United States. That said, the majority of the overseas businesses are sport sandals which obviously is very dependent on the weather, and like we are doing here in the US, we are focused on leveraging Teva’s authenticity from White Water into a larger global market opportunity within the outdoor footwear space in order to take the brand to the next level. Simple’s year was of strategic importance, as we solidified our position as a world leader in sustainable footwear. We are very confident that Simple has finally settled into its position as a recognized leader of a new category within the footwear industry. Simple was recognized by Footwear Plus and given an award for design excellence in the Green Category. For the year, Simple’s sales were $13.5 million, up 8.2% from 2006. Our Green Toe line is a pinnacle of the brand’s sustainable initiatives. This line is made with sustainable materials and is distributed across multiple channels including natural foods and health and wellness accounts such as Whole Foods. Simple is blazing a course in the footwear industry by thinking about what sustainability can look like. The brand’s ecoSNEAKS collection is athletically inspired with casual feel to them, and in my opinion provides consumers the first opportunity to support the green movement without having to sacrifice comfort and style. EcoSNEAKS allows the brand to cast a wider consumer net than where we have been in the past. The styling of ecoSNEAKS and sustainable roots are allowing Simple to quickly expand its distribution than more traditional footwear accounts like Nordstrom, Dillard’s, Urban Outfitters, Bloomingdales, and Zapples.com. The collection hit the shelves in late summer, and the momentum continued to build throughout the remainder of the year culminating in weekly double-digit sell-through rates during the fourth quarter. As you all know, the green movement is resonating on a global scale. We’ve been quick to identify countries and partners with likeminded distributors. In the past 12 months, we signed new distributors in Canada, Germany, and Scandinavia, and it’s important to note that Simple’s unique voice and sustainability machine is attracting consumers around the world. Our Consumer Direct business posted strong gains in 2007, as we continue to grow and evolve this segment of our operation. First, our e-commerce business was up 57.4% to $45.5 million versus $28.9 million the year before. We saw significant increase in unique website visitors across the board as more and more consumers are searching our websites to locate styles, research products in more detail, and make purchases. Our web team has done a terrific job of creating a virtual platform that individually highlights the lifestyle position and complete collection for each of our three brands, and we are committed to making further investments in order to enhance the overall customer experience going forward. The second piece to our consumer direct business, our retail stores, saw revenues increase to $18.4 million in 2007. As you recall, we opened our first concept store in New York City in December 2006, and this was followed by a second concept store in Chicago this past October. We also added an outlet store at Woodbury Commons around Labor Day, which makes the total number of company-owned stores to 7, each of which performed exceptionally well this past year and surpassed all our expectation, and before I turn the call over to Zohar, who will review the financials, I’d like to take this opportunity to thank our entire organization for their hard work. As a result of their efforts, we not only achieved record sales and earnings, but Deckers Outdoor was named Company of the Year for 2007 by both Footwear Plus and Footwear News—the two leading publications in the footwear industry. Zohar…
Zohar Ziv: Thank you Angel. For the fourth quarter of 2007, net sales increased 56.2% to $194.2 million versus $124.4 million for the fourth quarter of last year. Including sales from all sales divisions as well as the consumer direct business, our net sales for Teva products increased 6.2% to $13.9 million in the fourth quarter compared to $13 million in the same period of 2006. Net sales of Ugg products increased 61.8% to $177.7 million versus $109.9 million for the fourth quarter of last year. Simple brand net sales increased 76.2% to $2.6 million for the quarter versus $1.5 million in the same period last year. Included in these numbers are e-commerce sales for all 3 brands of $23.9 million, up 60.6% from $14.9 million in the fourth quarter of 2006 and retail store sales of $12.1 million, up 160.8% from $4.7 million in the prior year period. Also included in the brand sales numbers - international sales for all three brands increased 71.1% to $16.5 million compared to $9.7 million in the fourth quarter of last year, and domestic sales increased 54.9% to $177.7 million compared to $114.7 in 2006. Our gross margin for the current quarter was 48.2% compared to 48.3% in the fourth quarter of last year. Our margins remain high due to the robust full price selling and low inventory write-downs for the Ugg brand. Our SG&A expenses for the quarter were $36.7 million, or 18.9% of net sales, compared to $23.3 million or 18.7% of net sales a year ago. The increase in SG&A expenses in absolute dollars for the fourth quarter was primarily due to increases in our performance-based compensation expense related to our higher results as well as commissions. Our operating margin for the fourth quarter of 2007 was 29.3% of net sales, compared to 29.6% last year, excluding the impairment charge of approximately $15.3 million. Our interest income was approximately $1.4 million in the fourth quarter compared to last year’s fourth quarter interest income of $447,000. This increase was the result of higher cash balances maintained in 2007. Net earnings for the fourth quarter were $35.4 million, or $2.69 per diluted share, compared to $12.2 million, or $0.95 per diluted share in the fourth quarter of last year on a GAAP basis. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding the restatement adjustments of $300,000 or $0.02 per diluted share and the impairment charge of $11 million or $0.85 per diluted share, both incurred in the fourth quarter of 2006, fourth quarter 2007 diluted EPS increased 47.8% over last year. Now to the full year, for fiscal 2007, net sales increased 47.5% to $448.9 million versus $304.4 million in 2006. Including sales from the wholesale division as well as the consumer direct business, our net sales of Teva products increased 9.2% to $87.9 million compared to $80.5 million last year. Net sales of Ugg products increased 64.4% to $347.6 million versus $211.5 million a year ago. Simple brand net sales increased 8.2% to $13.5 million versus $12.5 million last year. Included in these numbers are e-commerce sales for all 3 brands of $45.5 million, up 57.4% from $28.9 million in fiscal 2006, and retail store sales of $18.4 million, up 163.3% from $7 million in the prior year. Also included in the brand sales numbers are international sales for all three brands which increased 62.6% to $62.3 million compared to $38.3, and domestic sales increased 45.3% to 386.6 million compared to $266.1 million in 2006. Our gross margin for the full year was 46.2% which was consistent with the year before, but what we believe to be on the high end of our normal range. It is important to note that the gross margin fluctuates based up on the company’s ability to contain material costs, mainly sheepskin and labor costs in China, adjust wholesale prices, changes in product costs, and controls the amount of product closeouts and write-downs.  Our SG&A expenses for 2007 were $101.9 million or 22.7% of net sales compared to $74 million or 24.3% of net sale a year ago. The increase in absolute dollars in SG&A expenses was primarily due to increases in our performance-based compensation expense related to our higher results as well as commissions. Our operating margin for 2007 was 23.5% of net sales compared to 21.9% last year, excluding the impairment charge of approximately $15.3 million in last year’s fourth quarter. Our interest income was approximately $4.9 million in 2007 compared to $2.4 million last year. This increase was mainly the result of higher cash balances maintained throughout the current year. Net earnings for the full year were $66.4 million, or $5.06 per diluted share, compared to $30.6 million, or $2.38 per diluted share in 2006 on a GAAP basis. On a non-GAAP basis, excluding the restatement adjustment of $900,000, or $0.07 per diluted share, and the impairment charge of $11 million or $0.85 per diluted share, both incurred in 2006, 2007 diluted EPS increased 53.3% over 2006. Our tax rate for the full year was 39.6% compared to 42.6% in 2006. The decrease in the effective tax rate in 2007 was primarily due to approximately $5 million of impairment loss in 2006 related to a foreign subsidiary that received no tax benefits from the charge as this subsidiary is in a tax-free jurisdiction. For fiscal 2008, we are currently anticipating a tax rate of approximately 39.5%. Turning to the balance sheet, on December 31, 2007, our overall inventories increased to $51.8 million versus $32.4 million on December 31, 2006. By brand Ugg inventories were up 97.6% to $27.4 million at December 31, 2007, compared to $13.9 million a year ago. Teva inventories increased 31.4% to $20.1 million on December 31, 2007, compared to $15.3 million a year ago. Simple inventories increased 32.7% to $4.3 million as of December 2007 compared to $3.2 million at the end of 2006. The increase in inventory of all brands was due to the planned early delivery of spring 2008 products in the fourth quarter of 2007 to support the higher expected sale in the first half of 2008 compared to the first half of 2006. In addition, we ended 2007 with cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investment totaling $168.1 million, compared to $98.9 million at the end of 2006, and account receivables were $72.2 million versus $49.6 million at December 31, 2006. With regard to our outlook for 2008, based on currently visibility, we expect revenues to increase approximately 25% over 2007 levels. We are also introducing our 2008 diluted earnings per share growth target of approximately 20% over 2007. This is a based on a more normalized gross margin of approximately 45% versus 46.2% in 2007 and SG&A as a percentage of sales in the mid 20s. With regard to our earnings outlook, we believe it is important to note that in addition to typical yearly increases in our spending, we expect three incremental components to our SG&A in 2008. First we forecast that our stock compensation will increase by approximately $2.2 million over 2007 levels to $8.8 million. Second, we are in the process of strengthening our management team with several key hires including a vice president of HR, vice president of our China operations, and a new CFO. Combined, we expect these new hires will add an incremental $2 million in expenses this coming year. Third, as Angel mentioned, in order to achieve and execute our growth plan, we are expanding and investing in our distribution facilities. In December 2007, we added 430,000 sq ft space next to our existing commercial distribution center which will double our facility size. In addition, we are automating our processing system by implementing a computerized module which will allow us to more than triple our daily packing capacity from the existing 65,000 per day to about 225,000. The module and the outfitting of the additional space are expected to cost about $12 million. Due to this one-time investment, the total capital expenditure for 2008 is expected to increase significantly to about $20 million which will also include the cost of opening new stores, and the remainder is for our regular ongoing capital expenditures. As a result of the distribution center, our depreciation expense will be roughly up $4 million over last year’s level. Taken together, this incremental components total approximately $8 million or 37 cents in diluted earnings per share. As you know we have not provided any quarterly guidance today, but I want to take this opportunity to outline our first quarter 2008 growth targets. We currently expect revenues to increase approximately 25% and diluted earnings per share to be the same as or modestly higher than 2007. As a reminder, a significant amount of our operating expenses are fixed and spread evenly on a absolute dollar basis throughout each quarter. Therefore, we expect our earnings to grow at a slower rate during the first half of the year, which historically has included our lowest volume sales quarter. We expect the incremental expenses discussed above to increase the first quarter SG&A expenses by approximately $3 million. For the full year, we expect Ugg sales to increase by approximately 27%, Teva sales by approximately 15%, and Simple sales to increase approximately 30% over 2007. I will now turn the call back to Angel for some closing remarks.
Angel Martinez: Thank you Zohar. We are obviously coming off a very strong year of growth for the Ugg brand; however, as I said earlier in the call, we believe it’s a relatively underdeveloped brand globally, particularly in terms of unit sales. Looking ahead, we not only see significant room for expansion in the first half of the year as the spring line is developed across the board, but considerable opportunity to drive greater sales volumes during the back half of the year, with a much broader assortment of footwear and greater floor space at retail. This spring, we are introducing a more evolved product line with 25% styles than a year ago, featuring a larger selection of espadrilles, flats, and updated versions of our luxury sandals and comfort slippers. Continuing with the trend from the fall on holiday season, you will definitely see a greater abundance of fashion and color in the line this spring, including more heels and wedges. Our men’s category will be a key focus in 2008, s we debut several new styles of footwear under our casual, comfort, and rugged collection for everyday use. We are confident that our brand equity and leadership status in luxury and comfort combined with current opportunities to raise the level of excitement in the men’s footwear category leaves us well positioned to capture key market share in the years ago. Recently, we previewed our entire fall await line, and the response from the retailers was again very strong. The line is more complete than fall ’07, as we have significantly enhanced our men’s offering and infused our women’s collection with new colors, additional materials, and greater functionality—presenting consumers more reason than ever to add either their pair of Ugg to their closet or an additional style to their wardrobe. Globally, the Ugg brands’ opportunities are even greater than the brand was until recently—only available in a handful of countries outside the US, and even in those markets, it wasn’t doing a lot of business. Over the past 2 years, Colin Clark and his team has done a great job improving our international operations by working more closely with our distributors to better position and promote the brand, and in no place is this more evident than in the UK. We are confident that with time and appropriate investments, the majority of Europe and parts of Northern Asia, most notably Japan and China, provide great prospects for growth. 2008 marks the next stage of Teva’s reemergence at retail. In 2007, we reversed the 2-year declining sales trend, and this year, we look to build on that momentum with a broader assortment of footwear and continued investments in marketing and advertising. The spring line is stronger and more comprehensive than last year with 50% new styles that target a much larger audience than ever before. We are excited about the Mesa collection in men’s as a collection of casual leather sandals, which prebooked very well. On women’s side, our collection of fun, colorful casual shoes and sandals, and the Ventura collection featuring our court-based thongs also experienced solid sell-through. In our technology category, we expect strong performances from both the open Toachi and the Omnium. The open Toachi has a very modern Teva look to it, and we believe that it will appeal to a large group of core Teva customers, while the Omnium is a very versatile shoe that can be worn for almost any outdoor activity. We have also updated our popular Mush series of flip flops and our collection of mid-priced leather flip-flops for men and women, both of which we forecast to grow this spring. Looking at the back half of the year, we’ll be introducing our biggest and most complete fall assortment ever that includes multiple collections of unique closed toe, cold weather products for men, women, and kids. At our recent award show, feedback was very encouraging as retails expressed excitement about having a legitimate reason to carry the Teva brand 365 days a year, and we’ve been very pleased with the initial commitments to the line so far. Internationally, 2008 will be an exciting year for Teva as we focus on further evolving the brand and penetrating new countries, most notably China, where we recently signed our newest distribution partner. We have a lot planned in China right out of the gate including 20 large format shop in shops and key department stores followed by 2 Teva concept shops scheduled to open this May—one in Beijing and the other Shanghai. Finally, I want to take this opportunity to announce the global premier of the IMAX film, “Grand Canyon Adventure – River at Risk,” which is taking place on March 12th in New York City. As you may recall, Teva partnered with MacGillivray Freeman Films and Water Keeper Alliance to shoot this documentary about water conservation during a 15-day river rafting trip down the Colorado River back in September 2006. Included on the trip were Robert F. Kennedy, Jr., and many of our sponsored athletes. The premier will be a major media event for Teva, while subsequent openings around the country and a national marketing campaign with retail sweepstakes and a whole lot of promotional activity will provide further exposure for the brand. We were honored to part of this historic trip and now look forward to raising important awareness of water issues around the world through this film’s release. Our plan for Simple this year is to continue to innovate and revolutionize the footwear industry with our commitment to eventually making 100% sustainable products. We’ll also strengthen and broaden the brand’s message of sustainability to reach more consumers both domestically and overseas through increased distribution and advertising. We ended 2007 with a lot of positive momentum which supports our expected growth in 2008. In 2008, Simple’s growth will be driven by ecoSNEAKS as we continue to add new accounts—both national chains and independent retailers across the country. In fact, we’re already off to a very positive start to the year as we are receiving for spring which underscore of the viability of this collection and its growing popularity among consumers. This year, we continue to bring the most innovative and sustainable product to the footwear industry with our Green Toe collection. For women, we’ve added new feminine styles with silhouettes such as Ballerinas and Mary Janes, and this collection continues to push the envelope in terms of material innovation and manufacturing processes for the brand. This fall, we will introduce our newest premium comfort collection under the Simple brand—Planet Walkers. We believe these new styles for both men and women are the most comfortable and eco-friendly shoes on the planet. They feature premium leather from tanneries that incorporate sustainable production techniques as well as outsole and footbed made from recycled car tire composites. Planet Walkers will launch with a 30-day exclusive offering with all the Walking Company’s 190 stores as part of their month-long sustainable comfort promotion before rolling out to other influential retailers nationwide. Overseas, we anticipate Simple’s growth to accelerate this year. This will be driven by a broader assortment of product at retail and increased penetration within existing markets coupled with the opening of new distributors in China and Singapore. With regard to our retail expansion plans, we now expect to open two more Ugg concept shops in 2008—one in San Frisco in the third quarter and another one on the East Coast later in the year. At the same time, we continue to monitor our opportunities for additional locations around the world, and expect to have our first company-owned international retail store opened within the next 12 months—most likely in London. In closing, we’ve developed a very clear strategy for this company, and we believe that we are taking the right approach and capitalizing on our full potential and creating value for our shareholders. This includes ongoing investments in marketing and advertising, R&D, human resources, IT, and our global infrastructure in order to properly support each of the brand and achieve the long-term growth objectives that we’ve established. Again, our goal by 2010 to 2012 is to achieve $750 million in total sales with Ugg representing $500 million, Teva $175 million, and Simple $75 million, with 30% of that overall figure coming from our international business. Of course, we are well aware of the economic challenges posed by this year’s macro-environment. Having said that, we’re comfortable with our expectations and are confident in our entire organization’s ability to execute our business plan, and we move forward with a great deal of passion and excitement about what still lies ahead for this company. I’d now like to open it up for questions, so operator, could you please open it up for questions?
Operator: Thank you. The question-and-answer session will be conducted electronically. If you would like to ask a question at this time, please do so by pressing * key followed by the digit 1 on your touchtone phone. If you’re using a speakerphone, please make sure your mute function is turned off to allow your signals to reach our equipment. Once again, please press *1 on your touchtone telephone, and we’ll pause a moment just to assemble the roster. Our first question comes from Jeff Klinefelter with Piper Jaffray.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray:  Yes, thank you. Congratulations guys on a fantastic year. 
Angel Martinez: Thank you, Jeff. 
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Just a couple of quick ones; you provided a lot of great detail for us, but in terms of Q1, given the 25% top-line growth, Zohar, you gave us some good brand detail on an annual basis in terms of growth, but anything more you can share with us in Q1 and Q2 in terms of Teva. Last week, I heard from you we were looking at double-digit bookings for the Teva product. Just curious as we have gotten into the first quarter, maybe you had some sell-through data from the southern markets—what that looks like? Is any part of your more conservative bottomline guidance for Q1 related to reserving for any potential margin compression that may result from a slower channel for Teva? 
Angel Martinez: Well, we have from our retailers so far, and it’s still very early. We’re pretty satisfied with the sell-throughs that we are seeing especially in the new products that’s been out there. Certainly, we’ve got a long way to go in the season. We expect that perhaps a very tough winter will yield a better spring, but I certainly can’t predict that.
Zohar Ziv: Jeff, as to the margin compression, as you know, Q1 is mainly to sell in, Q2 will be the sell-through, so any margin compression if there will be any will be in Q2.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Okay, I guess back to the question regarding the growth rate of Teva. Can you give us any better clarity on that 25% growth in Q1? What are you looking for from Ugg versus Teva versus Simple?
Zohar Ziv: Well, we are not breaking down to percentages on a quarterly basis, but in macro, you will see that the Ugg and Simple growth should be proportionally higher than Teva.
Angel Martinez: We also are getting very good response to the fall-away product line, which if you look at Teva’s business historically, there are great outside in fall, and the response to the closed toe footwear particularly shoes like Mountain Scout has been exceptional. We have that product virtually in every order, so I think that’s a nice upside for Teva expectations.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: One last thing on Teva. When would you have a good read for the potential reorder business? Are you going to be able to tell that toward the end of the first quarter or when does the season truly begin on a national basis?
Angel Martinez: I think that’s probably in the first quarter—late March/early April. That’s when we should start seeing the impact of better weather on consumers getting into spring mode.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: In terms of your international business and the distributors, there are distribution agreements that come to a close here over the next couple of years for several regions. Anything that we can expect to see in 2008 in terms of taking back or acquiring those distributions, and is that factored into the current SG&A forecast?
Zohar Ziv: No, you are not going to see any change to the distributor structure in 2008.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Okay. Just likely, a lot of questions on sourcing and costs, and could you share with us your outlook with respect to sheepskin clearly for the Ugg product but sourcing of raw materials overall, and what you’ve factored in terms of inflation?
Zohar Ziv: Regarding 2008, all our cost prices are already fixed, and we agreed to them with the factories, so we are not anticipating any cost increase either in raw material which is mainly sheepskin for us, or in the production cost.
Jeff Klinefelter - Piper Jaffray: Okay, great. Thanks guys. Good luck.
Zohar Ziv: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mitch Kummetz with Robert Baird. Please go ahead.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert Baird:  Thanks. Let me add my congratulations. 
Angel Martinez and Zohar Ziv:  Thanks Mitch. 
Mitch Kummetz - Robert Baird:  Let’s see. I have a few questions on the guidance—specifically the margins, and Zohar, I think you mentioned in your prepared remarks SG&A sort of mid 20s as a percentage of sales. As I kind of work through the numbers that you’ve given on sales and gross margin and even tax rate, I’m coming up with something that’s below that—sort of 22% to 23% on the SG&A. I’m wondering if I’m doing my math right here.
Zohar Ziv: No, you’re correct. You’re in the right range. 
Mitch Kummetz - Robert Baird: Okay, that’s helpful, and then I also thought that you’ve taken some people by surprise with the Q1 guidance, and obviously it seems to be an SG&A situation, and Q2 is even a smaller revenue quarter. I don’t know if this might be an opportunity for you guys to maybe just make a comment or two about Q2 so that maybe we don’t run into a similar situation that we’ve run into here.
Zohar Ziv: If you’re referring to Q2 expenses, from an expense perspective, it will probably be in the same level as Q1.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert Baird: Okay, that’s helpful. Then on the gross margins, obviously you guys are getting 45% which is I think about 120 basis points below where you came in at in ’07. Can we think about how that should flow first half to second half? I would assume that you’re expecting more of a gross margin drop in the back half than the first half, right? – I assume you’re prudently planning for some close-outs in maybe the fourth quarter. Whether or not those actually happen or not, we’ll see, but I assume there’s some assumption of that at least, right?
Zohar Ziv: Yeah, there are assumptions.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert Baird: But in terms of first half/second half, does your guidance reflect more gross profit margin pressure in the back half than the first half?
Zohar Ziv: Yes, that’s correct.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert Baird: Okay, and then I don’t know if you really want to speak to hypotheticals, but if we were to assume that you guys have another great back half with Ugg in 2008 and there aren’t a lot of close-outs, how should we be thinking about it? The 120 basis point drop according to your guidance, is that mostly a reflection that you’re expecting some normal level of close-outs where if that weren’t to occur and you don’t have to close-out a lot of products, that there could be upside there? How should we be thinking about that guidance?
Zohar Ziv:  I would say that’s correct. As we indicated, our cost is fixed for the year, so any adjustment will be really based on the sell-through and the amount of markdown and write-offs.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert Baird: Okay, and one last question on the international. I think it came in at about 14% of sales for 2007. I believe that your 3- to 5-year plan, there is an expectation of the international growth to be about 30% of the business, could you just give us a quick rundown as to where you are with your international distribution. What might be your few biggest markets there? What are some other key markets that you either haven’t developed very much or haven’t even gone into, and what’s on tap for that business over the next year or two in terms of developing and growing it as a percentage of the total business?
Angel Martinez: Well, first of all, we still have a long way to go in the UK. Even though that’s our primary driver in Europe, we’re just getting started in the UK. The brand is emerging as a year-round brand in the UK, and the spread and assortment product, you really haven’t seen that there yet, and that’s a very strong footwear market. Secondly, there are markets in Europe that are untapped for our brand, primarily Germany where we’re really just getting going, France where we really have no distribution, countries like the Czech Republic, Poland, Hungary - those are very strong markets potentially for the Ugg brand where we don’t have distribution, and outside of Europe, you have to look at markets like China and realize that that is a very strong market potential for the Ugg brand, and we’re taking steps to establish our premium luxury comfort positioning there. In those markets, particularly in China, brands emerge from a retail foundation, so it’s very important to establish the cache of your brand with a retail presence, and that’s how we’re doing it there. So, my opinion is that there are still some very large chunks of the population in Europe and the vast majority of the population in Asia that has yet to experience Ugg comfort and luxury, and we really are organizing our sales to exploit those opportunities.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert Baird: And is there any data that you can mine from the internet that supports that there is a global business for the Ugg brand? I don’t know how much of your internet businesses is captured from outside the US.
Angel Martinez: We process all of our orders from the UK, for example, in our internet operation center, so we have a very good idea of demand in the UK, and we are long ways from meeting the demand – let me put it that way.
Mitch Kummetz - Robert Baird: Alright, thanks good luck.
Angel Martinez: Thank you.
Operator: And again, if you would like to ask a question, please press *1 on your touchtone telephone. We’ll take our next question from Jeff Mintz with Wedbush Morgan.
Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc. : Thanks very much, and I’ll add my congratulations as well.
Angel Martinez: Thank you Jeff.
Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc. : I know marketing was kind of a big focus this year across the board. Can you talk a little bit about where that came in? I know the exact number will be in the K, but where that came in for 2007 and where you anticipate it to be in 2008 on a percent of sales basis, up or down?
Angel Martinez: Yeah, it’s about $17 million, if I remember. We don’t anticipate any deviation from that ratio of marketing to sales. I think that the key thing for us in 2008 specific to the Ugg brand, but also important for Simple and Teva is the retail presence, and the presentation of the brand and the telling of the story at retail. So, what you’ll see from us in 2008 with Ugg for example is not necessarily an increase in the number of pages that we’re running in publications, but you’ll see an enhanced retail presence across our entire distribution channel, and we’re doing that in partnership with our retailers, and we’re making those key investments as appropriate. You’ll see shop in shops, you’ll see enhanced presentations of year-round product, and you’ll see the same think for Simple and for Teva.
Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc. : Okay, great. That’s helpful. Then just on the question of distribution – in the US, obviously you’ve talked before how there’s a lot of the country where you feel you’re under-penetrated in terms of getting into stores, now that we’re through fall of 2007, where do you feel you are in terms of distribution through the middle and the southeastern US?
Angel Martinez: Again, I think we still have long ways to go. We know from our conversation with retailers that they feel that the market for our products, especially if you roll in the spring line in those parts of the country and the way the line is evolving that there’s just a terrific opportunity for the brand. We have a fairly restrictive distribution philosophy because it’s my opinion that our products are premium in nature, and we want to assure quality in both presentation and in the production of the product we make. So, we’re very careful about rolling out our distribution beyond the existing model. That said, when we do want to expand into a region, we do so with very committed partners, and that’s really an important component of how we’re growing our brand. You won’t just see suddenly Ugg product available where you’ve not seen it before and limit it to one or two styles. You’ll see a full presentation of Ugg product—men’s, women’s, kids’; you will see year-around, spring, and fall; you’ll see boots; you’ll see slippers; you’ll see the whole package, and I think that that’s a very important component of our growth strategy in the US.
Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc. : Okay, and then just finally on the Ugg business in Q1 which you didn’t guide it specifically, but can you give us some sense – I know you’re taking greater advantage of the opportunity to sell the boots post Christmas this year, so can you just give us some sense of where the growth is coming from for Ugg in Q1? Is it more weighted towards the boots, or… – I guess the real question is how do you see the spring orders doing on that product particularly?
Angel Martinez: Up until last year, I think it’s safe to say that we really didn’t know what kind of opportunity we’d have in Q1 with the Ugg brand because we never had the inventory. This year, we really decided that we’re going to develop our Q1 business in closer relationship to the demand that we feel is out there. So, our slipper business continues to evolve very nicely for Q1, our boot business continues to perform, and then of course we have the introduction of sandals and espadrilles—which which is a little early in the season yet, but all indications from the warm-climate markets are that those products are selling through and selling through quite well. So, if you remember a couple of years ago, we kind of disappeared at retail as soon as Q1 hit, and now you’re seeing enhanced spread and assortment of product in Q1, which does certainly bode well for our sell-through and our performance in Q1 and Q2.
Jeff Mintz - Wedbush Morgan Securities, Inc. : Okay, great! Congratulations again and good luck
Angel Martinez and Zohar Ziv: Thank you.
Operator: And our next question comes from Todd Slater with with Lazard Capital Markets. Please go ahead, sir.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC : Thank you very much. Kudos all around.
Angel Martinez: Thanks Todd.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC : Could you just go over a little bit - again the $4-million increment in SG&A in the first quarter, break it down a little bit for us in terms of the largest buckets, and is this number something that we should expect evenly across each of the four quarters or is it just the first…? I imagine it’s across the quarters, but how much will it be?
Zohar Ziv: As we said Todd, for the full year, it was $8 million, and we said the fourth quarter was $3 million out of that, but the remainder $5 million is going to be, I would say, evenly throughout the next three quarters.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC : So $8 million for the year for ’08?
Zohar Ziv: Correct.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC : It’s not 36 cents a share or something like that? That’s included/embedded in your, let’s call it, 06/07 guidance.
Zohar Ziv: That was embedded in the guidance.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC : Okay, that’s great, and that’s Q1, human resources, and….
Zohar Ziv: Yeah, it’s a component of all three items as I said – enhancing the management team, I mean the biggest piece was doubling the size of our distribution center and the implementation of the module—the depreciation expense of that.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC : Okay great, thanks. Then, what’s the way to think about your international opportunity globally in terms of your mix – as Mitch pointed it out, it’s about 14% of sales this year, and has your thinking changed on where that can get to, and talk a little bit if you could about the profitability profile of that business if it differs a little bit from here and if so how?
Angel Martinez: Well, first of all, I’m confident that our goal of 30% of our business coming from international is a realistic and achievable goal. We have spent the last couple of years building a foundation for growth internationally. We’ve been working with our distributors to establish a flow of product that’s appropriate to grow their business from. We have certainly the growth in the Ugg brand for them, which represents significant investment. They’ve been opening showrooms, they’ve been developing retail presence programs, they’ve been marketing the brand and using the images that we provide - so all those things are really a part of the foundation you need to then come in with a broader spread and assortment of product at retail. Just like in the United States, this brand began with, now what we call, our classic styles, and in other parts of the world, the brand is growing and beginning with those classic styles, but it’s much more rapidly accelerating to the full breadth in assortment of product now that we actually have that kind of product, and so I’m really excited about what’s happening on the international front, and I see us really doing some great things there. You asked about the profitability – on the international business, the overall impact from the bottom line should be positive. There will be higher expenses of course, but we’ll be getting the double margins. That should compensate for that, so anything that we’ll do, it will be accretive.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC : Okay. Thank you very much, and then lastly I just want to touch on the direct business if I may. Both the e-commerce and the retail pieces, numbers are off the charts growing faster than any other piece of your business. Has your thinking evolved at all in terms of the opportunity in vertical retail stores? Can you talk a little bit about how that piece is performing relative to your expectations and how many you think you can maybe operate around the world?
Angel Martinez: I think philosophically we operate our retail stores to enhance our wholesale business. I’m not at that place that says we’re going to supplant our wholesale business with our own retail business. I think retailers are quite expert at managing retail. They know what they’re doing, and the good ones do it exceptionally well. We feel that our brand needs to be positioned and exposed in a complete way, and it’s really a function of real estate – most stores just don’t have the room to showcase the product in the breadth and assortment that we have in mind. And part of it is also to test our concepts with consumers, and that is a very big component of the kind of retail that we’re doing. We learn a lot from the assortments that we put together, from the consumer feedback, and that allows us to do a much better job in refining the product mix for retailers – in a sense editing the line before we ever get to a wholesale presentation, and I think retailers in the end appreciate that and know the value of something like that.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC : Is it fair to say that the profitability metrics in your own stores are where you’d like them to be?
Angel Martinez: I don’t believe in opening stores that don’t make money – so, yeah I’m satisfied with that.
Todd Slater - Lazard Capital Markets LLC : Great thank you.
Angel Martinez: Thanks.
Operator: And our final question comes from Howard Tubin with RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead sir.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets : Hey guys, thank you. Just a couple of questions. Can you talk about inventory levels and where you think it’ll be at the end of the first quarter?
Zohar Ziv: Well, the inventory level, we’ve not been providing guidance on that basis. What we’re doing and if you’ve seen it probably from where the inventory was—the level where it was at the end of Q4, it would bring the inventory early to accommodate our expected higher sales, and also it is a function of capacity from the factories and space in our warehouses.
Angel Martinez: And the other thing I’d like to add is, this year, I think we had a greater visibility into our top line than we’ve ever had. We’re feeling very confident in our strategy and in our plan, and I think that the nature of retail being what it is—in other words, a retailer will bring more of what sells in and less of what doesn’t—and the performance of the Ugg brand in 2007 bodes well for a retailer’s attitude about the brand in 2008, and they’ve made those commitments, so we have better visibility than we’ve really ever had, certainly since I’ve been here, and that’s allowing us to do a much better job of planning, so in that sense we have a high degree of confidence, so we’re really not worried about the inventory situation.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets : That’s great, and just one question on cash – you guys have almost $13 per share in cash now, so I guess two questions there; one, what’re you going to do with it all, and two, is there any auction rate security exposure in that cash or marketable security balance?
Angel Martinez: As I’ve said before, my attitude is that we are constantly on the look for the next brand that we can add to our portfolio – it’ll be lifestyle brand, it’ll be a brand that we feel has great potential that we can develop, given our unique approach I believe to building brands. That said, given the economy and the situation we face on a macro level, it’s not a bad time to have a fair amount of cash, so we are fairly comfortable that it gives us tremendous flexibility, and in that flexibility, when opportunity comes up, I think we’ll be in a good position to take advantage of it.
Zohar Ziv: And Howard to your question about auction rate securities, less than 2% of our portfolio is in that instrument.
Howard Tubin - RBC Capital Markets : That’s great, okay great! Thanks.
Angel Martinez: Thank you. I want to thank you all for participating on the call and for your support this year. I know I speak for everyone in Deckers Outdoor Corporation when I say how much we value our investors and how committed we are to success, so thank you very much. We look forward to the next quarter.
Operator: This does conclude today’s conference. We thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.
