===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. Thank you for attending today's TKO Group Holdings, Inc. Q1 2025 Earnings Call. My name is Cole, and I'll be the moderator for today's call.
Seth Zaslow: Good afternoon. And welcome to TKO Group Holdings, Inc.'s First Quarter 2025 Earnings Call. A short while ago, we issued a press release, which you can view on our Investor Relations website. A recording of this call will also be available via our website for at least thirty days. After prepared remarks from Ari Emanuel, TKO Group Holdings, Inc.'s Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Andrew Schleimer, TKO Group Holdings, Inc.'s Chief Financial Officer, will open the call for questions. Mark Shapiro, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and Andrew will be handling the Q&A. The purpose of this call is to provide you with information regarding our first quarter 2025 performance. I want to remind everyone that the information discussed will include forward-looking statements and/or projections that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for further detail. If these risks or uncertainties were to materialize, or any assumptions prove incorrect, our results may differ materially from those expressed or implied on this call. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update them in light of new information or future events, except as legally required. Our commentary today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating and trends. These measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP metrics can be found in our press release issued today as well as the information posted on our IR website. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Ari.
Ari Emanuel: Thanks, Seth. We are off to a good start in 2025, driven by continued momentum at UFC and WWE. Our first quarter revenue and profitability beat our internal expectations, and as a result, we are raising our guidance for the full year. During Q1, we also completed our acquisition of industry-leading assets IMG, On Location, and PBR. And we're now hard at work on integrating the properties into our flywheel and identifying synergies to drive top-line growth and cut costs. Andrew will share more on our updated outlook for 2025 inclusive of these businesses. Turning to the UFC, live events and global partnerships continue to deliver solid performance and drive meaningful growth. Live events set new records in Q1, including our fight night in London, delivering the highest-grossing fight night in company history, and UFC 312 in Sydney setting the record for Australia's highest-grossing indoor arena event. Global demand for our live events further underscores our conviction in the site fee model. Evidence of the potential here was seen in the announcement of our partnership with the Western Australian government to host five major UFC and WWE events in Perth through 2026. Our global partnerships team also secured several major innovative deals as leading brands continue to see value in UFC's worldwide and highly engaged fan base. We renewed our long-standing partnership with Monster Energy in a multiyear agreement that is the largest sponsorship deal in company history. We also entered into a groundbreaking multiyear partnership with Meta, designed to bring UFC content to life in immersive new ways, from AI-enhanced fighter rankings to next-gen in-arena experiences and exclusive content across Meta's platforms. At WWE, the year started with the spectacle debut of our Netflix partnership, which will put our content in front of the streamer's 300 million global subscribers each week. Raw is now a mainstay on the global top 10, and we're seeing significant engagement and viewership increases internationally in weekly WWE programming and premium live events on Netflix, especially in Mexico, the UK, Australia, and Brazil. As global territories roll off existing rights deals, WWE's international footprint on Netflix will continue to expand. In fact, India has now joined the Netflix WWE family and brings with it one of the world's most passionate and engaged fan bases. Overall, WWE's live events similarly outperformed with 35 individual market records for ticket sales and 17 sold-out events in the quarter. Elimination Chamber in Toronto became WWE's highest-grossing event in Canada. Royal Rumble set a new milestone as the highest-grossing non-WrestleMania event in company history. And the Road to WrestleMania tour achieved gate records at each of its 12 European events and drew over 116,000 fans collectively. That charge culminated in a record-breaking WrestleMania 41 in Las Vegas last month. Allegiant Stadium welcomed 24,000 fans across two nights, and WrestleMania 41 became WWE's most successful event ever, breaking all-time records in gate, premium hospitality, viewership, sponsorship, merchandise, and social engagement. Turning now to some highlights from IMG, On Location, and PBR. IMG announced several major renewals that underscore their unmatched capabilities, expertise, and global reach in sports. We renewed our partnership with Conmebol, South American Football Confederation, covering sponsorship and media rights through 2030. We extended our strategic partnership with Euroleague Basketball through the 2035-36 season, building on a successful joint venture that has driven significant growth in media rights value and production quality since 2016. And we renewed and expanded our partnership with Major League Soccer to deliver live match and studio coverage of more than 600 games each year on Apple TV, all produced from WWE's state-of-the-art studio facilities in Stamford, Connecticut. And at On Location, our partnership with the NFL, the leading sports and entertainment property across the US, delivered more than 32,000 fan experiences, including at Super Bowl 59 in New Orleans. A tremendous result in the very first year of a new contract extension with the league that runs through 2036. I should mention that in terms of trends, WrestleMania 41, held just a few weeks ago, was no different. On Location hospitality package revenue surged 75% over WrestleMania 40. Having this experiential hospitality capability now in-house at TKO Group Holdings, Inc. bodes well for not only the growth of our owned assets but the partnership opportunities across the 200 global sports league and team clients served by IMG. Finally, PBR's Unleash the Beast and Velocity Tours stretched the live events demand we are witnessing with a strong showing in the quarter, drawing 640,000 fans to their 40 events and selling out more than 30. Almost right out of the gate, we are capitalizing on the strength and capabilities of these new TKO Group Holdings, Inc. businesses to accelerate value creation across UFC and WWE. The TKO takeover, as we call it, last month in Kansas City, marked the first time all three businesses appeared in the same arena in the city over a single weekend, showcasing our unified live event strategy and seamless coordination across scheduling, ticketing, and the fan experience. Our conviction in our businesses is as strong as ever. We remain focused on creating value for shareholders through integrating and driving synergies across our newly expanded sports portfolio, delivering a media rights deal for UFC that positions the brand and the business for long-term audience and financial success, and executing our capital return programs. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Schleimer: Good afternoon. As Ari highlighted, 2025 is off to a great start. We have delivered strong operating financial performance at UFC and WWE and have raised our expectations for performance for the remainder of the year. I'll provide more detail on the outlook later in my remarks. Before I review our financial statements, I'll briefly touch upon the basis of presentation. As we mentioned on our last earnings call, the acquisition of IMG, On Location, and PBR is accounted for as a merger between entities under common control. As a result, our first quarter results include three months of activity, even though the acquisition closed on February 28, and we only owned and controlled these businesses for one month. In addition, our first quarter 2024 results have been recast to include activity for these businesses. The financial results for the periods that we did not own the acquired businesses were prepared by Endeavor and include allocations of expenses to the businesses based on Endeavor's overall corporate expense profile. This presentation is consistent with the carve-out financial statements for the acquired businesses included in our information statement on Form 14C filed in connection with the transaction. These expenses consisted of certain support functions that were provided on a centralized basis, such as finance, human resources, information technology, facilities, and legal, among others. Endeavor allocated these corporate expenses on a pro-rata basis of headcount and gross profit. In total, such corporate allocations in Q1 were $21.7 million and represent the amounts solely from January 1 to February 28, the two months that we did not own the businesses. The corporate allocations were $30.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2024, reflecting a full three months of Endeavor ownership a year ago. To be clear, under TKO Group Holdings, Inc. ownership effective February 28 of this year, such corporate allocations will no longer occur. With respect to segment reporting, in connection with the acquisition, we performed a review to determine the optimal reporting structure for the company. Based on this review, we've added a third reporting segment, IMG, which consists of the operations of the IMG business and On Location. To that end, we included PBR within our corporate group and have renamed it Corporate and Other. With respect to UFC and WWE, both will remain standalone reporting segments, and there is no change in how we are presenting these businesses in our financial statements. UFC and WWE remain core drivers of TKO Group Holdings, Inc., and we will provide the exact same presentation and disclosure as we have since the inception of the company. In connection with our review of segmentation, we've also reviewed our various revenue verticals, as well as key performance indicators, and have updated our disclosure. With respect to revenue verticals, we've made some small tweaks to the nomenclature. Most notably, we've revised sponsorship revenue to partnerships and marketing revenue, which better reflects the strategic and operational functions of this area of our business. With respect to the select KPIs to be disclosed in our 10-Q, we've added KPIs for the acquired businesses that provide additional transparency for several important metrics, such as the number of events, clients, and hospitality packages sold. When we announced the acquisition, we represented that we would work hard to assist the investment community in better understanding the drivers of the financial results for these businesses. We plan to periodically reference these metrics in future discussions as warranted. Before I get into more detail on our financial results, I wanted to comment on the macroeconomic environment. As we know, this is a topic on investors' minds. We're paying close attention to consumer behavior, but to date, we're not seeing any signs of a slowdown across our portfolio, including our premium hospitality business On Location. As I'll discuss in more detail in a moment, we continue to see significant strength, particularly with respect to live events and partnerships. As for tariffs, we are largely insulated as the vast majority of our revenue is not expected to be directly impacted. One area of our business with a limited impact is consumer products. However, since WWE and UFC rely heavily on a license model and have minimal self-manufactured goods, the impact is not expected to be in any way significant. Now turning to our consolidated financial results for the first quarter, inclusive of the acquired businesses. We generated revenue of $1.269 billion, an increase of 4%. Adjusted EBITDA was $417 million, an increase of 23%. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 33%, an increase from 28% in the prior year period. Our UFC segment generated revenue of $360 million, an increase of 15%. Adjusted EBITDA was $227 million, an increase of 17%. UFC's adjusted EBITDA margin was 63%, an increase from 62% in the prior year period. UFC had 11 total events, including three numbered events, in both the first quarter of this year and last year. As we previewed on our last call, the mix shifted to a higher proportion of events with live audiences, with seven in the first quarter compared to five last year, including two additional international events. Live events and hospitality revenue increased 66% to $59 million. The increase reflected higher site fee revenue, primarily related to the Fight Night held in Saudi Arabia, as well as an increase in ticket sales, which reflected the two additional events with live audiences, as well as strong underlying trends in pricing and attendance. Partnerships and marketing revenue increased 32% to $64 million. The increase was driven by new partnerships as well as partnership renewals. We continue to make significant progress in growing this area of our business, as highlighted by our recent renewal with long-standing partner, Monster Energy. This agreement was the largest partnership deal in UFC history. We also signed a groundbreaking new nine-figure multiyear partnership agreement with Meta. Media rights production and content revenue increased 4% to $224 million. The increase was primarily driven by the contractual escalation of media rights fees. Adjusted EBITDA reflected the increase in revenue, partially offset by an increase in expenses. Direct operating expenses increased primarily due to higher production, marketing, athlete costs, and direct cost of revenue due to the mix of event venues and territories. SG&A increased primarily due to higher personnel costs and travel expenses compared to the prior year period. Our WWE segment generated revenue of $392 million, an increase of 24%. Adjusted EBITDA was $194 million, an increase of 38%. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 50%, up from 44% in the prior year period. Live events and hospitality revenue increased 52% to $76 million. As with UFC, we continue to see strong underlying trends for WWE live events. The increase was primarily related to an increase in ticket sales, which more than offset a decrease in site fees. That is purely time-related. As a reminder, we received a meaningful site fee for Elimination Chamber in Perth, Australia, in the first quarter of last year. Partnerships and marketing revenue increased 86% to $26 million due to new partnerships and renewals across multiple categories, including financial services, telecom, beer, wine, spirits, and QSR, among others. While it occurred in April, WrestleMania 41 was emblematic of the momentum we're seeing in this area. The event, which featured a record 28 total partners, including a partner sponsor for each of the 14 matches over the two nights, set an all-time record for partnership's revenue, more than double the previous record from last year's event, as well as records for ticket sales, premium hospitality, and consumer products. Media rights production and content revenue increased 14% to $252 million. As expected, results reflected the expansion of SmackDown to a three-hour format for the first half of the year, resulting in a shift in quarterly revenue recognition but has no impact on the full-year amounts. The increase was also driven by the contractual escalation of media rights fees, including the January commencement of our long-term agreement with Netflix to distribute Raw in the US and all of WWE's content internationally. Adjusted EBITDA reflected the increase in revenue, partially offset by an increase in expenses. Direct operating expenses increased primarily due to higher talent costs. SG&A increased due to higher travel expenses, primarily related to the mix of venues and territories, including a three-week eleven-city tour across Europe leading up to WrestleMania. Our IMG segment generated revenue of $476 million in the quarter, a decrease of 13%. Adjusted EBITDA was $74 million, a decrease of 10%. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 15% in both periods. The decline in revenue primarily related to On Location for the Super Bowl and Collegiate Bowl games. The venue location, New Orleans, compared to Las Vegas for the Super Bowl, and the matchups, notably the third straight Super Bowl appearance for the Kansas City Chiefs, as well as a quarter-final Rose Bowl in 2025 compared to a semifinal game in 2024, impacted the year-over-year performance. Adjusted EBITDA primarily reflected the decrease in revenue, partially offset by a decrease in expenses. The decrease in expenses primarily reflected the absence of media rights costs for the FA Cup, which was no longer part of the IMG business in Q1 2025. Corporate and other revenue was $54 million, an increase of $2 million. The activity related to PBR and reflected growth in live events and partnerships, partially offset by a decrease in media rights related to the early termination of the Meritree Media content distribution deal. Corporate and other adjusted EBITDA was a negative $77 million, essentially flat with the prior year period. This amount includes the $22 million of costs related to corporate allocations of Endeavor corporate expenses for the two-month period prior to the close of the acquisition. For the avoidance of doubt, from February 28 forward, there'll be no additional corporate allocation expenses of this nature. Also in connection with the acquisition, we've evaluated the treatment of various costs at these businesses and made certain adjustments to conform the presentation to the methodology used for UFC and WWE. In aggregate, this resulted in a reclassification of approximately $10 million of costs in the quarter from the IMG segment to Corporate and Other. Now moving on to our capital structure. In the first three months of the year, we generated $136 million of free cash flow. Our free cash flow conversion of adjusted EBITDA was 32%. Free cash flow included $27 million of capital expenditures. As we discussed on our February earnings call, we expect 2025 free cash flow to include the impact of approximately $300 million of nonrecurring payments related to the recent UFC antitrust settlement and M&A. In Q1, we realized $175 million of these payments, the second $125 million installment payment under the settlement agreement, as well as transaction costs. As such, our free cash flow was adversely impacted. Free cash flow for the quarter was positively impacted by $100 million of prepayments related to On Location and the 2026 FIFA World Cup. These amounts are included in cash flows from operations and, therefore, are a part of our cash flow calculation. We expect the World Cup prepayments to be a substantial source of cash over the course of 2025, followed by a substantial use of cash in 2026 as payments are due nearer to the tournament taking place. As we did this quarter, we intend to separately identify this item going forward so investors can follow the underlying cash flow generation of our business. As previously disclosed, on March 31, we made our first quarterly cash dividend payment out of TKO OpCo of approximately $75 million. We ended the quarter with $2.776 billion in debt and $471 million in cash and cash equivalents, as well as $159 million of restricted cash. With respect to our previously announced $2 billion share repurchase program, we continue to expect the program to commence in the second or third quarter of this year, with our timing and level of activity ultimately subject to market conditions and related factors. In the meantime, we continue to accumulate cash and carefully evaluate our capital needs. We're monitoring market conditions closely and are mindful of recent volatility. I would like to underscore that in this environment, Ari, Mark, and the board believe we should remain prudent and conservative for the time being. That said, we remain committed to a robust and sustainable capital return program that balances return of capital to shareholders with organic investment, such as our entry into boxing, and maintaining our strong balance sheet. As per boxing, in early March, we announced that we entered into a multiyear partnership to establish a new boxing venture. We will serve as the managing partner, providing day-to-day operational management and oversight of the promotion. We've commenced operationalizing the JV and will provide updates as and when appropriate. Now turning to our outlook. As we've discussed in the past, we manage the business with a focus on full-year performance. Therefore, we believe results are best evaluated on a full-year basis given the quarterly fluctuations that are inherent in our operations. As noted in our press release, based on strong performance at UFC and WWE through the first three months of the year and our anticipated performance for the balance of the year, we are increasing our expectations for TKO Group Holdings, Inc., excluding the impact of the acquired businesses. We are now targeting revenue of $3.005 to $3.75 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $1.39 to $1.43 billion, an increase of $75 million and $40 million, respectively, as compared to the guidance we issued in February. The increase was driven by continued strength across each vertical of our businesses. We are also updating our guidance to include the acquired businesses and the associated transaction impacts. For full-year 2025, we are targeting revenue of $4.49 to $4.56 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $1.49 billion to $1.53 billion. When we announced the deal last October, we presented an expected full-year 2025 revenue and adjusted EBITDA contribution from these acquired businesses, inclusive of expected run-rate cost savings, of approximately $1.555 billion and $165 million, respectively. The amounts included in our guidance represent an expected full-year 2025 revenue and adjusted EBITDA contribution of approximately $1.45 billion and $100 million, respectively. The updated contribution is a result of the following: Number one, the previously mentioned $21.7 million corporate allocations from Endeavor for January and February. Given the fact that our carve-out financial statements were not yet prepared, the quantum was unknown at the time. The $21.7 million is a nonrecurring accounting adjustment and does not reflect the ongoing cost base of the acquired businesses. Number two, our prior cost savings and transaction impacts target of $30 million plus. We've been hard at work identifying and actioning upon these synergies. I'm pleased to report that we have identified $40 million plus of estimated run-rate cost savings, of which approximately $15 million are expected to be realized in 2025, with the vast majority expected by year-end 2026. The $15 million in-year 2025 contribution comps to the prior $30 million plus run rate. Number three, at PBR, the previously disclosed loss of our domestic media rights agreement with Merit Street Media. While we remain in active discussions with various parties, our 2025 outlook excludes any revenue or adjusted EBITDA related to a new rights agreement. With respect to the IMG and On Location businesses, the expected contribution is essentially consistent with the amounts we disclosed when we announced the transaction. In terms of free cash flow, as we discussed on our last call, while we have not given formal guidance, excluding the impact of approximately $300 million of nonrecurring amounts, our targeted full-year 2025 free cash flow conversion rate would be in excess of 60%. This is exclusive of the benefit of any restricted cash. Including the impact of the acquired businesses, our view remains unchanged. Consistent with our prior calls, while we are not providing quarterly guidance, we want to highlight a few notable items as we look to the second quarter. At UFC, results will reflect the mix of events in the quarter. UFC is currently scheduled to have 11 total events, including four numbered events, which is comparable to the second quarter of last year. We also expect one additional fight night with a live audience and one less Apex Event compared to the prior year. With respect to live events revenue, the Fight Night scheduled to take place in Baku, Azerbaijan, carries a meaningful site fee. But as a reminder, the second quarter of 2024 included a site fee related to UFC's first-ever event in Saudi Arabia. At WWE, given the timing of our event calendar, including WrestleMania as well as a premium live event in Saudi Arabia, we expect the second quarter to be the highest revenue and adjusted EBITDA quarter of the year in terms of absolute dollars. At the IMG segment, the first quarter of the year is historically the most profitable due to the timing of events, most notably the Super Bowl. As a result, we expect a quarter-over-quarter decline in adjusted EBITDA in terms of absolute dollars. In conclusion, we generated strong first-quarter results that reflect continued momentum across our businesses, in particular, UFC and WWE. While we still have a lot of work ahead of us, the integration of IMG, On Location, and PBR is well underway and yielding meaningful early benefits. We are extremely excited about the road ahead and our prospects for the remainder of the year and beyond. With that, I'll turn it back to Seth.
Seth Zaslow: Thanks, Andrew. Operator? We're ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: Great. If you'd like to queue for a question, you can do so by pressing star 1 on your telephone keypad. If for any reason you'd like to remove your question, it's Our first question is from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Ben Swinburne: Good afternoon, guys. I should ask Mark about the UFC rights renewal. Now that you guys are, I believe, out of the exclusive window, you give us any update on that process? How you're thinking about the pros and cons of splitting those rights or keeping them all with one partner and sort of any update on ESPN as a go-forward partner. And then Andrew, don't know if you can be any more specific. You gave us a lot there at the end on the acquired but just trying to get the free cash flow for 25 now that you've closed the Endeavor acquisitions or anything else you can tell us to sort of help us think about free casual conversion, including acquired businesses now that that deal's all done. Thank you very much.
Mark Shapiro: Thanks, Ben. You know, I'll keep my commentary light. Then we can get into the free cash flow. Just because of the nature and sensitivity of all the conversations we're having. We're in discussions Yeah. At this time. Various third parties regarding the UFC rights. I would term the conversations as thoughtful and strategic. Nothing to announce at this time. And ESPN is still heavily included in the mix. I think we've been pretty vocal about how great of a partner they've been and how instrumental they've been to our growth and success. And I still believe they're one of the best marketing machines in the business. Let alone the brand and, of course, all the excitement around ESPN flagship and whatever it's going to be called, come next week. Jimmy Vitarro and Bob Iger both fans of the UFC, and personally showed up to events. And, you know, would be thrilled to continue with them and they're definitely part of the equation. But as I said, at the time, or for the time being, just various conversations, various parties, and no real update beyond that. Andrew, on the free cash flow?
Andrew Schleimer: Yeah, Ben. As I stated in my prepared remarks, and I kinda tacked back to our last call while we haven't given formal guidance, we do have $300 million or so of nonrecurring amounts that will impact the entirety of 2025. And absent those amounts, our cash flow conversion rate would be in excess of 60%. I did make the statement that including the impact of the acquired business our view remains unchanged. So, therefore, that the read through The one thing I would note is I also articulated that this is exclusive of the benefit of any restricted cash. Restricted cash is largely associated with the presales for our FIFA arrangement, and we anticipate grow over the course of the year. So there will be a benefit from that, which we have not sort of forecast our model. So consistent with our prior thoughts, absent the $300 million. And and just a good story for us. I mean, obviously, our adjusted EBITDA margin will change once we're talking about just the newly formed company, if you will. But to Andrew's point, you know, not not changing our free cash flow conversion It's something we're pretty excited about.
Ben Swinburne: That's helpful. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you, Ben. Our next question is from Brandon Ross with LightShed Partners. Your line is now open.
Brandon Ross: Hi, thanks. A couple of topics. First, we all saw the Canelo announcement assume that Canelo falls under the bucket of one-offs in your commentary about boxing last quarter. Can you just tell us how the economics work on that versus the main promotion that you're building? And, where will these fights get distributed, and will you get paid? And is there a strategic tie-in to what you're doing with other media rights? And then just to follow-up on Ben's first question, it will be helpful. Here we go. Brandon. Brandon. Save some for the fish. I'm giving you a few olive alright. Give me two hollow ups. Ask a follow-up. Exactly.
Mark Shapiro: Okay. I was just telling you that look. We're you know, we're expecting with the new boxing organization that we're launching to put on an average of call it, 12 fights a year, 12 cards a year for the next each of the next five years. Like, you're still putting that plan together and obviously working hand in hand with our friends from Saudi. Irrespective of those, we will look to do anywhere from one to four sorta super fights per year. We'll see how that plays out. But, obviously, we would term the Canelo Crawford September matchup as as one of those. And then on that undercard, we would have a number of those undercard fights that would likely air on the the television partner the media partner we would have for our newly formed boxing organization. And I should mention, it's not going to be called TKO Boxing. We'll know, that seems like the soup of the day here. We'll be unveiling our name for our business fairly soon here. So but it will not be TKO Boxing. And as you look at those, those are two separate businesses. Right? The Saudis are funding what would be these you know, super fight cards. We'll work with them. On media rights deals and and take a commission. We'll work with them obviously, on global partnerships. We'll work with them on ticketing. We'll handle the production. We'll look to potentially promote all of them with the Dana White and Nick Khan, you know, driving much of that. But then separately, we'll have our boxing organization, our JV with them where we're going out and doing, as I mentioned, 12 cards a year on average. And getting a separate media rights fee selling global partnerships, through those cards, And, of course, promoting and and producing those cards with our and on whatever media platform we ultimately choose to to tie with. So that's kind of the the the state of boxing, if that makes sense. Any follow-up on that before we go to your other one?
Brandon Ross: No. I think I think I'm good there. And then it's just on the UFC media. Right? Can you comment maybe on how the market and your approach to the numbered sites and the fight nights might differ in this negotiation. Are you looking to have the same balance of reach and dollars for each? Do you have the same objectives for each?
Mark Shapiro: Nothing's really changed from our previous commentary. We I mean, we remained highly flexible I mean, that's the beauty of owning your own league, That's the beauty of having a an executive management team that's as nimble and as as tight as we are you know, we're you know, as we like to say, I mean, we're we're the owners. You know, and we're the commissioner at the same time. So we'll make decisions that are best for the long-term future of of the sport and the brand, We have to continue to balance monetizing this rights deal while at the same time doing what's best for our reach, our engagement, and the growth of the brand. We the market, I believe, remains quite strong or, you know, our our content is year-round. It's it's young men. Unbelievable numbers 18, and our believe it or not, our high school numbers are off the charts, and we're we're tied with the NBA for the biggest draw when it comes to 18 from the major sports. And, you know, we're still an antidote to churn, and and I believe a a serum a proven formula that works for subscriber acquisition. So we're you know, cautiously optimistic. In no rush. This is a a volatile economy. Right now. Lot of uncertainty out there. We also understand there aren't a lot of major sports rights hitting the market anytime soon. So we will we will be opportunistic, but at the same time, responsible when it comes to the right home for the growth of our brand.
Brandon Ross: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thanks, Brandon. We have a question from Stephen Laszczyk with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Stephen Laszczyk: Hey guys, thanks for taking the questions. Maybe first for Andrew on the guide. For the core business, UFC and WWE, it sounds like both outperformed your internal expectations heading into the year. I would just be curious if you could talk a little bit more about what specific areas of outperformance were captured in in the first quarter within those two businesses, and to what degree the increase in the guidance for the year factors, any continuation of that outperformance into the back half of the year, or if you're still maintaining perhaps some degree of conservatism there?
Andrew Schleimer: Yeah. I I think I would say that each revenue vertical in our business is strong. Right now. The outperformance in Q1 for core slash legacy TKO Group Holdings, Inc., which is UFC and WWE, leading to the $75 million revenue increase and $40 million adjusted EBITDA increase was largely driven by two things. Number one, outperformance to our own internal expectations on live event and global partnerships in the first quarter. You know, much of which we flowed through to the balance of the year. And then continued tailwinds in both those areas anchored by a strong WrestleMania in April gives us confidence into the visibility for now through December. So we feel really good top to bottom. And that's reflected in our guide.
Mark Shapiro: Yeah. I just add, Steven. I mean, there's there's definitely not there's no conservative play from us. In our numbers or any kind of sandbagging. I mean, there's just a lot of uncertainty out there. I mean, you know, there isn't a a morning we're waking up and reading about Toyota or GE all of a sudden raining in their marketing budget now. It's a good thing because we haven't closed in an auto partner yet. That's still an open category for us. But it's just that the market's definitely tightening up. Marketing is always one of the first things to get throttled. Premium experiences, by the way, is high up on that list as well. You know? So while we feel good and historically, the WWE and UFC business models, particularly the sports rights business at IMG have proven resilient in times of economic uncertainty and we're encouraged by the strength of our portfolio we're keeping an eye on all the the trends and sectors. Taking nothing for granted. We expect you know, at some point, something comes home to roost. We're not trying to be paranoid, but we're just trying to be responsible for our shareholders. And our numbers reflect that.
Stephen Laszczyk: Thanks for that. And maybe just a quick follow-up question on capital returns. It sounds like share repurchases should should kick in the second or maybe third quarters here. Anything more you can say on how you're thinking about the pacing of that $2 billion share repurchase program? Should we expect you to be consistent on execution? Or more opportunistic, more price sensitive in the marketplace?
Mark Shapiro: We're sticking to that our plan on capital return, and and Andrew can underscore that again for everybody on the on the phone with regard to dividend and share repurchase and timing. But having said that, we're well aware that we are accumulating cash at a feverish pace. That's going to continue we're going to keep our powder dry. We think that's the prudent thing to do at this time. So we're not we're not in the market yet buying back any stock. Andrew, why don't you underscore our our plan?
Andrew Schleimer: Yeah. I think that's you know, that that really sums it up. The only other color I would I would add, Steven, in terms of sort of know, the nature of the buyback, it's really gonna be market driven and, you know, the form of which that buyback can take. When we initially announced the $2 billion share repurchase, I think we articulated to be fairly linear over the three to four year period. I don't think we're coming off that commentary, but, again, you know, we can be opportunistic to the extent these opportunities present themselves. So we're watching it closely. We're in the enviable position to be able to, as Mark said, commute accumulate cash and then carefully evaluate our capital needs. So good place to be.
Mark Shapiro: Thanks, Steven.
Operator: Thank you, Bhaskan. We have a question from Peter Supino with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Peter Supino: Hi. Thank you. And first, Mark, I just wanna come to Brandon's defense. That was nothing compared to some of the compound questions hear on media conference calls. I wanted to ask you a question about the IMG segment. How should we think about modeling that segment's growth across the subcomponents of media, live events, sponsorships, products? Got nothing. And then how might we think about incremental EBITDA margins?
Andrew Schleimer: So we know, the first thing that we wanna double down on here Peter, is the fact that we intend to be more transparent. And provide information and KPIs as we did. I'm not sure if had the opportunity to come through our 10-Q yet, but we did add some tables on the IMG segment. We also added a table on PBR analogous to our historical KPI tables for UFC and WWE on location of events type of event, numbers of events, etcetera. And then on the IMG business, particularly on location, we have put some information in the financial statements on number of hospitality package sold. Numbers of number of events, etcetera. So we we anticipate over time that that information would be a guide to how best to think about the growth and profitability profile, of these businesses. At 50% margins and effective cost savings plan, we anticipate growth over the course of the year. Both top line and a margin perspective. That being said, Q1 is generally the largest adjusted EBITDA contribution quarter for the IMG segment and for PBR. Which is in the corporate group. The IMG segment obviously has the on location business and the Super Bowl is the anchor of the year. And we see that positively impacting revenue and adjusted EBITDA in the quarter. And for PVR, you know, the most profitable tour is in the first quarter as well. The balance of this year, will be impacted by the prespend for our Milan Olympics program, and that will have a negative impact to EBITDA and EBITDA margin. Hence, when when we announced the acquisition in October, we presented numbers on a normalized basis. Which would have added a hundred million dollars roughly of adjusted EBITDA to the year and had a positive impact on margin. So what we can expect from us over the course of this year is, a, an update on the growth profitability profile of the IMG segment, growth, and profitability of PVR, and some more commentary on the expenses related to the Olympics.
Mark Shapiro: I think too, Peter, just to underscore, I think, Andrew's comments. On the prerecord. You know, just the idea that we're we're now out in the marketplace. Fingers crossed, but, obviously, a lot of work and gut and grit and strategy underneath it But we're out in the marketplace on Milan, and the FIFA World Cup And so far, the activity is in line with our expectations. So another good sign for the business, another reason why we're bullish about our forecast and raising guidance. But as I mentioned, we're we're keeping a close eye close watch on on all of it with these changing times.
Operator: Thank you, boss. Thank you. Our next question is from Eric Handler with Roth Capital. Your line is now open.
Eric Handler: Thank you. Good afternoon. Thanks for the question. Wonder if you could talk a little bit about some of the directional activity you're seeing with site fee deals? You know, it seems like there's been more this year. Can you maybe talk about directionally the volume of deals that you're doing? Maybe, you know, the percentage increase that you're seeing, and sort of, like, how do you determine location by location? Like, what the value is of that site fee deal?
Mark Shapiro: Look. We do a lot of it's a you know, economic impact studies. And, Eric, frankly, the a lot of negotiations, a lot of conversations. I mean, more deals you don't hear of than deals that are being done. We're out there surveying the market. We're aggressive in the space. It helps to have offices in as many countries as we do. And IMG is obviously enhanced our position there. We're we're making a couple of hires coming up, some big hires on the government relations side. That will help us both with relationships c suite activity, and track record to capitalize in the space. It's no different. Every office we walk into, it's no different than f one was either there the day before or coming in the next day. So we're we're constantly on the lookout for cash And, of course, in kind is often just as good. We announced at the February our new deal with Tourism Western Australia, which will see us bring multiple UFC and WDV w d events to Perth over the next two years. And we're very excited about our event coming up in June of twenty five in Baku. And that's just for a fight night. So we often talk about we need to capitalize on-site fees for all of our numbered events. Then capitalized on-site fees for all the PLEs But when we're done with that, we still have raws. SmackDown's, NXT's, Fight Nights, And this will be a, you know, a year multiple year strategy where we see benefits to the bottom line. And Baku is an example of that. We will get a meaningful multimillion dollar site fee for taking a fight night to Azerbaijan.
Eric Handler: Great. That's helpful. I guess just to follow-up to that, can you make what percentage of you know, your events would you say actually have site fees? Just try to get a sense of, like, what inning you're in here.
Andrew Schleimer: Yeah. Eric, I don't think we're gonna disclose that publicly We're relatively new at this effort. And I think our excess our success outside The Middle East is really starting to pick up. The site view model is anchored in our historic relationships with our partners at DCT in Abu Dhabi, and, obviously, our partners in Saudi Arabia. So international markets, we've seen meaningful success over the last six to twelve months in Australia, We have historical relationships in Singapore. And the list goes on. But this effort is relatively new. So I you know, not gonna quote a percentage penetration at this point in time. But a lot of work that's going to pay, pay off in the coming years.
Mark Shapiro: And a lot of inventory. That Kansas City takeover we did, in April was you know, just a big win for us. I mean, put aside the the the fee and the and the in kind the amount of earned media we received for that promotion, I would say, PBR, raw, UFC, I mean, just just extraordinary, and and, frankly, helps us on our marketing spend. Money we we don't have to spend because we're able to make so much hay and so much noise with that promotion. So look for more of that and and just realize that internally, we've got a team solely dedicated to just surveying the market, identifying the opportunities, and negotiating using the leverage we have with the economic impact we've historically brought.
Eric Handler: Very helpful. Thank you.
Mark Shapiro: Got it. Thanks, Eric.
Operator: We have a question from Ryan Gravett with UBS.
Ryan Gravett: Great. Thanks. Just on the announced acquisition of AAA wrestling in Mexico, Mark, curious what you see as the the biggest opportunity here in terms of improving monetization and and integration with the WWE And are there similar tuck in opportunities like this one around the world?
Mark Shapiro: Yeah. Thanks, Ryan. I would just say I I'm I'm I'm gonna let Nick Conjure at the table. Lawrence have for the UFC is at the table. I'm gonna let Andrew and Nick dig into some detail here. But I'll tell you, I am really excited about this. This is an opportunity that, frankly, that Nick and Paul Levesque unearthed This is a major property in Mexico, enormous following, avid fan base, extremely young, with a a bunch of events, you know, starting with the in Los Angeles, starting with an event that we're gonna do there at the Clipper Stadium, that is just just really gonna be, you know, the the the touch, the lead off hit, if you will. This is something that's gonna catch a lot of fire and our partnership is is well structured to see us capitalize in all those different business KPIs we talk about already across UFC and WWE and So this is this is a fastball you know, right down the middle for us.
Nick Khan: Yeah. So a couple of things to add to that. The triple a for us, if you look at some of the recent wrestlers who came into WWE, Menta and his real life brother Phoenix, in particular, Both social media impressions and on his debut almost a hundred million social media impressions We see a spike in Latino viewership. When he comes out something we noticed a few years ago when Bad Bunny came in. On his run with WWE. Was that the Latino audience would be there if there was someone like their them who was there. So we think, number one, it's a new influx of wrestlers. It's added to a demographic where we're already strong. And as Mark said, for the June 7 event, at the forum, which will be a new specific followed up by WWE premium live event 4PM that same day right across the street at the Intuit Dome. A doubleheader wrestling event for us. Produced from one truck, There's efficiencies there. There's good dollars there, and we're excited about the overall opportunity.
Andrew Schleimer: Look. The only thing I would add Ryan, is that strategically, we do this as a significant opportunity. Pull down on what Mark and Nick said. The short-term financial impact is not meaningful to the overall picture, But just as we've done with the UFC and WWE, this was a family-operated promotion. That we think we can leverage institutionalize, low lowering our expertise, to create value. We will increase media rights. We will increase live events revenue. We will increase partnership revenue, and we'll increase consumer products and licensing opportunities. So this fits squarely in our warehouse on top of just the rich cultural heritage and the strategic importance to WWE.
Mark Shapiro: First week, we came out of the gate with Pentel when he first debuted, you know, he led all merchandise sales that week. Just just new to the party, and he was number one. So we're, you know, we're we're looking to mine these opportunities everywhere. Obviously, this an established league. But to the latter part of your question, nothing else on the horizon from an m and a standpoint, if you will, very similar to the capital repurchase program. Now we're we're holding our powder. Let's accumulate cash. Let's see what happens with this economy.
Ryan Gravett: That's great. And just to confirm, this would be incremental to the the current guidance?
Andrew Schleimer: Yeah. We don't there's there's no real short-term financial impact, but any impact would be incremental. Yes. Very marginal.
Ryan Gravett: Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Operator, let's take one last question, please. Our last question will be from Jason Bazinet with Citi. Your line is now open.
Jason Bazinet: I just had a very simple question. You know, the market really likes the assets that you guys are managing, and they the way you're managing them. The one I guess, slight concern that I have, and I I don't know if it's valid, is that once we get through the UFC renewal and the WWPLEs, My my fear is that your equity turns into, a bond, meaning it's well run. It generates a lot of cash, but there's not as much enthusiasm for the equity just because there aren't as many needle moving things that you can do. You think that that's a valid concern, or do you think there's enough with boxing and sponsorship and site fees? Sort of keep keep the growth as exciting as it has been. Thanks.
Mark Shapiro: Thanks, Jason. Interesting perspective. What I would just say is if you know our management team, we don't sit still. There will always be a lot of gas in this car. Call it rocket fuel. So yes, significant upside on the on the global partnerships front, Still a ways to go. On the live ticket revenue, especially on the WWE front. New properties we're going to launch. New franchises, new promotions, new leagues we will unearth like the JV with AAA, wrestling, digging into the Hispanic market, You know, IMG is not working with 200 different partners across the world. Some massive events on the horizon. Euroleague gaining some steam and conversations with hopefully, the NBA at some point here. Kama ball and CAF and the World Cup, women's sports, and where that's going. On location, adding new partners every day setting up all-time record with WrestleMania, in in Las Vegas and what's what's to come there. And PBR, while certainly niche and it's just Western lifestyle, a lot more we can do there. And and it's another situation where where the owner and the commissioner all in one. So kinda put that aside. You know, we're Ari Emanuel is our partner here and our fearless leader. I can promise you that you know, we're not gonna be sitting still and whatever new media deals we get, they will have annual increases baked into them. And opportunities for new programming and more ancillary programming. With not only drives our storytelling, and our stars, but opens up new programming vehicles for us to monetize.
Jason Bazinet: That's super helpful. Thank you for that context.
Mark Shapiro: Yep. Point, we'll have a lot a lot more cash going. Hopefully do more on the dividend front and more on the share repurchase program we're going to be active. We're we wanna see the the the story play out in the way that I think our shareholders expect it to over the next five to seven years. Thanks, Jason.
Jason Bazinet: Thank you very much.
Seth Zaslow: Alright. Well, thank you everyone for joining us on today's call and for your interest in TKO Group Holdings, Inc.
Operator: That concludes today's call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining the TKO Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Kate, and I will be the moderator for today's call. At this time, all lines are in a listen-only mode and will be until the question-and-answer portion. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Seth Zaslow, Head of Investor Relations at TKO. Please proceed.
Seth Zaslow: Good afternoon, and welcome to TKO's fourth quarter and full year 2024 earnings call. A short while ago, we issued a press release, which you can view on our Investor Relations website. A recording of this call will also be available via our website for at least 30 days. After prepared remarks from Ari Emanuel, TKO's Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer; and Andrew Schleimer, TKO's Chief Financial Officer, we'll open the call for questions. Mark Shapiro, our President and Chief Operating Officer; and Andrew, will be handling the Q&A. The purpose of this call is to provide you with information regarding our fourth quarter and full year 2024 performance. I want to remind everyone that the information discussed will include forward-looking statements and/or projections that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for further detail. If these risks or uncertainties were to materialize or any assumptions prove incorrect, our results may differ materially from those expressed or implied on this call. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update them in light of new information or future events, except as legally required. Our commentary today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends. These measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP metrics can be found in our press release issued today as well as the information posted on our IR website. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Ari.
Ari Emanuel: Thanks, Seth. The fourth quarter capped off a milestone year for TKO, one that showcased the strength, unique value and demand of our premium IP. In our first full year as a public company, we delivered record financial performance. In 2024, the integration of UFC and WWE proved out, driving greater efficiency across the top line as well as exceeding our guided net savings of $100 million. We strengthened our media rights portfolio by securing partnerships that will undoubtedly expand our universal reach and engagement. For starters, moving Raw, our premier WWE franchise, to Netflix will put us in front of the streamers, 300 million subscribers, week in and week out, and serve to be transformative to our business. Our January launch at the Intuit Dome in Los Angeles was a spectacle, and our Monday night episode since have consistently landed in Netflix's weekly Top 10 across the U.S. and the globe. We have also successfully transitioned WWE SmackDown to USA Network and NXT to the CW, driving significant audience growth as a result. In particular, the CW's Tuesday night time slot saw a nearly 100% increase in fourth quarter total viewership over the prior year period, with even stronger gains in the key 18 to 34 demographic. From year-to-date, NXT is up 12% compared to USA's 2024 average. Turning to our live events. UFC and WWE both had record-breaking years and set multiple all-time highs for ticket sales, attendance and gate revenues worldwide. UFC delivered 10 all-time highest grossing event records in 2024, with five of those now ranking among the biggest in UFC history. Similarly, WWE had its most successful year for live events and set revenue records at 10 premium live events. Within the fourth quarter specifically, UFC closed out the year with back-to-back record-setting live events. We hosted our highest grossing North American Fight Night ever in Tampa, and UFC 309 at Madison Square Garden cemented UFC's place as a cornerstone franchise for the world's most famous arena. UFC now holds seven of the top 10 highest grossing event records in MSG history. At WWE, we set more than 40 individual market records for ticket sales and paid attendance in the quarter. Bad Blood in Atlanta delivered the largest gross ticket sales for a U.S. arena event in WWE history. Additionally, Survivor Series in Vancouver set the largest North American arena gate in WWE history since topped by Raw's blockbuster debut with Netflix at the Intuit dome, and Saturday night's main event returned with a sold-out crowd that set a WWE gate record for New York's Nassau Coliseum and reached more than 3 million U.S. households across NBC and Peacock. Throughout the year, we continued to convert demand into high-margin revenue, particularly through site fees, with approximately 1/3 of UFC and WWE's marquee live events attracting incentive packages. Across our global brand partnerships, UFC sponsorship revenue grew 28% for the full year, marking our seventh consecutive record-breaking year. We announced IBM as another blue-chip partner, following major UFC agreements with Anheuser-Busch and Riad season, and that momentum has continued into 2025 with the recent announcement of our Monster Energy renewal, UFC's largest-ever partnership. WWE also set an all-time high in sponsorship revenue, growing 20% year-over-year when looking at WWE's full year 2023, driven primarily by growth across our premium live events portfolio as well as by new long-term brand partnerships and innovative in ring placements. All told, these results highlight the power of our integrated model, the global popularity of UFC and WWE, and the increasing demand for premium live sports and entertainment. As we move into 2025, we remain focused on sustaining our progress and delivering on our KPIs, with our domestic rights renewals for UFC and WWE's premium live events, our highest priority. We're also taking important steps to return capital to shareholders under the dividend and share repurchase program we announced in October. Finally, we expect to close our acquisitions of IMG, On Location and PBR in the first quarter, expanding our global sports portfolio. Make no mistake about it, these industry-leading businesses will also help power WWE and UFC, benefiting both our loyal fan bases and our shareholders. Our immediate focus after the close will be on a quick and seamless integration. I would add that this work is actually already underway. Earlier today, we announced an agreement with the Kansas City Sports Commission for UFC, WWE and PBR to hold three consecutive live events in April at the city's T-Mobile Center. This TKO Takeover showcases the collective power of our properties in the marketplace. Looking ahead, we are laser-focused on expanding our audience, deepening our partnership bench and maximizing shareholder value. We have the right strategy, the right leadership, and a proven ability to execute. With our eyes squarely focused on driving revenue across multiple business lines, expanding our margins and strong free cash flow conversion, we've never been more excited about what lies ahead for TKO. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew, and then Mark will join us.
Andrew Schleimer: Good afternoon. Today, I'm going to review our financial performance for the previous quarter and full year and then discuss our outlook for 2025. As Ari highlighted, 2024 was a record year for UFC and WWE, both in terms of revenue and adjusted EBITDA. We delivered strong operating performance, and we expect positive momentum in our businesses to continue this year. Last year, we generated revenue of $2.804 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $1.251 billion, both of which exceeded the revised guidance we provided on our last earnings call. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 45%. To assist with comparability, we've presented supplemental financial information in our press release and Investor Relations website that includes WWE activity and a portion of WWE related to the corporate group for the period from January 1 through September 11, 2023. Including WWE activity for January 1 through September 11, 2023, combined revenue was $2.619 billion. Combined adjusted EBITDA was $1.092 billion and our combined adjusted EBITDA margin was 42%. Inclusive of these amounts, revenue increased 7%, adjusted EBITDA increased 15% and adjusted EBITDA margin increased approximately 300 basis points. In our first full year as a public company, we clearly demonstrated the industrial logic of combining these two highly complementary businesses. Our strategy is working. While we made significant progress on achieving revenue and cost synergies, including exceeding our target of $100 million on a net basis, we remain laser-focused on unlocking additional efficiencies as we continue to integrate these businesses. Moving to the fourth quarter. Reported results included three months of activity for both UFC and WWE. We generated revenue of $642 million, adjusted EBITDA was $238 million and our adjusted EBITDA margin was 37%. Revenue increased 5%, adjusted EBITDA increased 7% and adjusted EBITDA margin increased approximately 100 basis points compared to the prior year. Our UFC segment generated revenue of $344 million in the quarter, an increase of 22% or $61 million. Adjusted EBITDA was $178 million, an increase of 25% or $35 million. UFC's adjusted EBITDA margin was 52%, an increase from 51% in the prior year period. As expected, revenue benefited from the timing of the events calendar. UFC had 10 total events, including four numbered events compared to nine total events, including three numbered events in the prior year period. Media rights and content revenue increased 18% to $198 million. The increase was primarily driven by the additional numbered event. As we've discussed in the past, numbered events carry a higher allocation of fixed media revenue as compared to fight nights. The contractual escalation of media rights fees also contributed to the increase in media rights and content revenue. Live Events revenue increased 24% and to $65 million. Ticket sales reflected the benefit of the additional numbered event as well as strong underlying trends in pricing and attendance for high-profile events, such as USC 309 at Madison Square Garden, which was the second highest grossing event in MSG history. Site fees in the quarter were comparable to the prior year as both periods included a number event held in Abu Dhabi as part of our multiyear partnership with the Department of Culture and Tourism. Sponsorship revenue increased 39% to $67 million. The increase was driven by new partnerships and renewals as well as the favorable event mix. Adjusted EBITDA reflected the increase in revenue, partially offset by an increase in expenses. Direct operating expenses increased primarily due to higher production, marketing, athlete costs and direct cost of revenue due to the additional numbered event and the mix of fight nights. In the quarter, we held one additional Fight Night overseas and one less event at Apex compared to the prior year period. SG&A increased primarily due to higher cost of personnel as compared to the prior year period. Our WWE segment generated revenue of $298 million in the quarter, a decrease of 10% or $33 million. Adjusted EBITDA was $114 million, a decrease of 19% or $27 million. Adjusted EBITDA margin was 38%, down from 43% in the prior year period. As expected, the decrease in revenue reflected the short-term domestic rights deal we reached for Raw, which had an unfavorable impact of approximately $50 million on both revenue and adjusted EBITDA as compared to Q4 2023. As a reminder, this was purely timing related. In January, our long-term agreement with Netflix to distribute Raw commenced. As Ari noted, this partnership is off to a fantastic start. Media rights and content revenue decreased 26% to $156 million. The decrease was primarily related to the short-term deal for Raw as well as a decrease in third-party original programming due to the timing of delivery. Live events revenue increased 13% to $93 million. As with UFC, we continue to see strong underlying trends for WWE live events. The increase was primarily related to an increase in ticket sales. Results in both the current and prior year also include a site fee related to a premium live event in Saudi Arabia. Sponsorship revenue increased 48% to $23 million, due to new partnerships and renewals across multiple categories, including gaming and retail, among others. Of note, our PLEs were highly successful. Survivor Series grossed its highest ever partnership income, and Bad Blood was up nearly 100% versus the prior year PLE during the same time frame. Adjusted EBITDA reflected the decrease in revenue, partially offset by a decrease in expenses. The decrease in expenses primarily reflected lower personnel and production costs related to our planned cost reduction initiatives implemented following our formation. Corporate expenses were $55 million in the quarter, a decrease of $6 million from the prior year period. The decrease was primarily due to savings from our cost reduction program. These savings were partially offset by an increase in service fees that UFC and WWE paid to Endeavor, which commenced for WWE in March of 2024. Now moving on to our capital structure. In 2024, we generated $509 million of free cash flow. Our free cash flow conversion of adjusted EBITDA was 41%, in line with our guidance of in excess of 40%. Free cash flow included $75 million of capital expenditures, approximately $31 million of which related to WWE's new headquarters, which is now completed. For the fourth quarter, we generated $37 million of free cash flow, including $20 million of capital expenditures, approximately $2 million of which was related to WWE's new headquarters, and $4 million of which was related to UFC's Apex expansion. Free cash flow for both the fourth quarter and the full year was negatively impacted by the first installment payment under the settlement agreement for the UFC antitrust case and $32 million of debt transaction costs and incremental cash interest associated with the refinancing of our credit facility. As previously disclosed, in November, we refinanced our existing credit facility. In connection with the refinancing, we entered into a new seven-year $2.75 billion term loan and a new five-year $205 million revolver. The refinancing not only extended the maturities on the term loan and the revolver, but is also expected to result in a reduction of approximately $20 million of annual interest payments. We ended the year with $2.78 billion in debt and $526 million in cash and cash equivalents. Given the strength of our balance sheet and financial profile, the implementation of a robust and sustained capital return program has and will continue to be a top priority for us. As we announced in October, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to $2 billion of our Class A common stock. We expect the program to commence in the second or third quarter of this year. Our timing and level of activity will be subject to market conditions and various other factors. We also announced that our Board authorized a $75 million quarterly cash dividend. Pursuant to this, holders of TKO Class A common stock will receive their pro rata share of distributions. Earlier today, we issued a press release announcing that the inaugural dividend will be made on March 31, in the amount of $0.38 per share, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 14. Now turning to our outlook. As we have discussed in the past, we manage the business with a focus on full year performance. Therefore, we believe results are best evaluated on a full year basis, given the quarterly fluctuations that are inherent in our operations related to the timing of our events and content deliveries, among other items. For full year 2025, we're targeting revenue of $2.93 billion to $3.0 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $1.35 billion to $1.39 billion. There are four notable drivers of this outlook that are important to underscore. Number one, in connection with the commencement of the Netflix deal in January, our 2025 financials will include the step-up as well as a full year of media rights fees from our new long-term agreement for Raw. Number two, in early January, we announced that the January 2026 Royal Rumble will be hosted in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. This marks the first time in the event's nearly 40-year history that it will be hosted outside of North America. As a result, our guidance for 2025 includes one PLE in Saudi Arabia compared to two PLEs in 2024. This results in an unfavorable impact to our 2025 plan of approximately $55 million of total company revenue, equating to approximately 200 basis points of revenue growth and approximately 50 basis points on a full year total company adjusted EBITDA margin. For the avoidance of doubt, this item is purely timing related as we expect to host three PLEs in Saudi Arabia in 2026, including Royal Rumble. Number three, staying on the topic of site fees, we continue to see meaningful momentum in this area of our business at both UFC and WWE. We expect 2025 to benefit from the site fees in connection with WrestleMania in Las Vegas in April, Summer Slam at MetLife Stadium in New Jersey in August and various UFC events in the Middle East and Asia Pacific regions. Most recently, we have also renewed our partnership with Tourism Western Australia to bring multiple UFC and WWE events to Perth over the next two years. More to come on this in the near future. As a result of our progress, excluding the timing shift of the Saudi PLE I discussed a moment ago, we anticipate meaningful growth year-over-year in site fees in 2025. Number four, the mix of events, particularly at UFC. Consistent with our goal of continuing to grow UFC's fan base and engagement, in 2025, we expect to hold fewer events at Apex in Las Vegas. While the calendar for the full year isn't yet finalized, we expect to host a higher number of international events as compared to 2024. While these events are expected to result in increased revenue, they have a lower margin profile as compared to Apex events. In addition to these four items, we continue to focus on realizing revenue synergies, cost savings and efficiencies, which all could be incremental to our plan. Moving to the acquisition of IMG, On Location and PBR. As Ari highlighted, the close of this transaction is quickly approaching. Upon closing, Endeavor is expected to own approximately 61% of TKO through its holdings of TKO Class A shares and TKO OpCo common units. Since we announced this acquisition in October, we've been hard at work planning for the integration of these businesses. We remain extremely excited about combining these assets with UFC and WWE. That said, the 2025 outlook we provided does not include any activity related to IMG, On Location or PBR. Subsequent to the close of the deal, we intend to issue recast financial statements, which will include results for the acquired businesses. We expect the financials for the years ended 2022 and 2023 to be available by the end of March, and the financials for 2024 to be available on or around our first quarter earnings call. Based on this time line, we expect to be in a position to update our 2025 outlook to include the acquired businesses as well as the associated transaction impacts on that same call-in early May. We'll address the accounting for the acquisition in more detail on our first quarter earnings call, but we did want to highlight that the transaction will be accounted for as a merger between entities under common control due to Endeavor's control of TKO as well as IMG, On Location and PBR. As a result, we'll report a full 12 months of activity for 2025, even though we will only own and control the businesses for a shorter period. Consistent with our prior calls, while we are not providing quarterly guidance, we want to highlight a few notable items as we look to the first quarter. At UFC, results will reflect the mix of events in the quarter. Live events revenue will include a site fee from the Fight Night held in Saudi Arabia earlier this month. As I mentioned earlier in my remarks, we also expect expenses to reflect two additional international Fight Nights and two fewer Apex events compared to the prior year period. At WWE, we expect live events and sponsorship revenue to continue to reflect the momentum we're seeing in the business. With respect to media rights and content revenue, results are expected to reflect the expansion of SmackDown to a three-hour format for the first half of the year. This is purely timing related. It results in a shift in the quarterly revenue recognition, but has no impact on the full year amount. In terms of expenses, similar to UFC, WWE results are expected to reflect the impact of additional international events compared to the prior year period. As we previously announced, for the first time ever, the road to WrestleMania will include an 11-city tour across the U.K. and Europe over three weeks in March. In terms of free cash flow, full year 2025 free cash flow is expected to reflect the unfavorable impact of $250 million of payments related to the UFC antitrust lawsuit settlement as well as payments for professional fees related to the acquisition of IMG, On Location and PBR. Excluding these approximately $300 million of nonrecurring amounts, our targeted free cash flow conversion rate would be in excess of 60%. Consistent with the outlook for 2025 revenue and adjusted EBITDA, our comments regarding free cash flow do not include any activity related to IMG, On Location or PBR. In conclusion, we generated strong financial results in 2024 that reflected continued momentum at both of our businesses, which are implicit in our strong 2025 guidance and trends we've just articulated, and we are extremely excited about our prospects for this year and beyond. With that, I'll turn it back to Seth.
Seth Zaslow: Thanks, Andrew. Operator, we're ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: We will now begin the question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] The first question will come from the line of Brandon Ross with LightShed Partners. Brandon, your line is now open.
Brandon Ross: I figured I'd start with what's most meaningful to your stock, which is going to be the UFC domestic deals. And I know you're in the exclusive period now with Disney. Do you expect the deal to get done within this window? Have you brought others into the window? And what are your latest thoughts overall on one versus multiple partners for this deal?
Mark Shapiro: Thanks, Brandon. Good to hear from you today. I would just tell you that, as you said, we're currently in our exclusive negotiating window with Disney and ESPN. The window opened on January 15. It will last 90 days. When we look at the outlook for renewal, I'd remind you that the market for premium content, despite ESPN shedding MLB and F1, is hot. It's quite strong. The content -- our content, in particular, TKO, is unique because not only do we own and control it, but it's year out. There's no off-season. Our content, both at UFC and WWE for that matter, has an urgency, and the urgency allows us to attract subs and viewers and also gives us a consistency to retain subs and viewers, reduce churn. Obviously, these are appealing attributes for buyers of content, particularly with the streaming services, which is what it's all about these days. When it comes to our overall deal, one package, two packages, half packages, four packages, NASCAR style, whatever it might be, we're focused on doing what's best for the business in the long term. So that means a balance between maximizing our reach and engagement and monetization.
Brandon Ross: Great. And this one might be a little out of box. But with Trump in charge, there's clearly a lot of change. And we've heard some speculation about a potential repeal of the Ali Act. I wanted to get your thoughts on that. And to what extent your boxing plans would be dependent on such a appeal?
Mark Shapiro: Look, the Ali Act has flaws. We believe it is actually possible to improve the current system to facilitate more opportunities for boxers and to regrow the sport of boxing in America. That's where we're at. We're not in there active, inside, pushing, drafting legislation, lobbying legislators, that's ultimately for somebody else. Whether it stays or goes, we think the opportunity for boxing is extraordinary for us in particular. We can talk about that if someone else pings that question. But it's a clear opportunity, and we are chasing it. I would also tell you, and not to leave out one part of your question with regard to getting in or out of the window. Who knows, it's early days. I mean Disney, ESPN has been a great partner. I think we've been very vocal in terms of how much we enjoy partnering with them, how much it's helped their strategy vis-a-vis the transition from linear to streaming and just keeping linear strong. And at the same time, how much it's helped our brand, Bob Iger, Jimmy Pitaro, phenomenal partners running great businesses, serving sports fans around the world. We like where we're at. We'd love to stay with them as long as we're realizing fair value for our content. And we think in this window, our content is premium plus.
Brandon Ross: Here's your follow-up on the boxing. What are your plans? And then I'll shut up.
Mark Shapiro: Tremendous. I'm really glad that you asked. Look, I would tell you that -- look, our primary focus, I don't want to get away from that, is continuing to drive value to our core business. And our core business, even with adding the Endeavor assets of IMG, On Location and PBR, make no mistake about it, our core business is UFC and WWE. And we're focused on the integration of IMG, On Location and PBR, both as stand-alone businesses, but also to help power and fuel our two battleships that are UFC and WWE. When it comes to other opportunities, we're going to -- we intend to be selective, disciplined, thoughtful, but we will consider other opportunities to create long-term value for our shareholders as they present themselves, but they must be value accretive. When you look at boxing, it checks the boxes of all of that. It's thoughtful. It's the right strategic place for us to be. We have experts in Nick Khan and Dana White, among others that can drive that business. We can be selective in terms of how we participate. And whatever we do, we will not take risk and it will definitely be value accretive. I would tell you that there's still strong interest in the sport around the globe and particularly the U.S. Now Tyson and Jake Paul on Netflix isn't the best example because come on, even the casual viewer wanted to see that because everybody wanted to see Mike Tyson back in the ring. But that event in November of '24 attracted 100 million worldwide viewers and 65 million worldwide concurrent streams with just about 40 million of those in the U.S. So, there's an audience for boxing and there's a dearth of boxing on the national platform, and there's a desire to have it back in the forefront of the American sports ecosystem. It's just been broken for too long. It's been fragmented. It's been poorly managed, and we think we can do a lot with it. What I would tell you in terms of our specific opportunities, which we've spoken to, everybody knows we're in talks with the Saudis. But to give you a little more color, I will tell you that we are close on an agreement with the Saudis on the creation of a boxing league, where we, TKO, would be the producer, the promoter and responsible for all day-to-day operations of the venture, whereby we would receive a fee of $10 million plus. Again, we're not putting any money in. We're not putting capital in. We're not on the hook for any CapEx. Additionally, we would have some earn-in equity over time, specifically over a five-year period, but it would be dependent on us achieving certain milestones, including us exceeding Board-approved annual budgets over those five years. So, we've just sent a delegation to London to meet with the Saudi delegation led by Andrew Schleimer, our CFO; and Nick Khan, of course, who runs the UFC; and Lawrence -- or excuse me, WWE; and Lawrence Epstein, who runs the UFC, and they had a full-day meeting earlier this week, and we're getting awfully close. And when we have something official, we'll come out. But I think I've given you at least the framework of what the deal would be, its own league and we'd have consistent fights throughout the year. I think on top of that, you should know that as part of the partnership, we would be the promoter, producer and event operator of four large scale, kind of super fights, as I call them, that would air really probably two this year and two in 2025. Those may or may not fall into the Boxing League itself. They may just be one-offs, but we would be paid a fee to act as a promoter, the producer and the event operator. So, a lot going on in boxing. We're not taking our eye off the ball. We are squarely focused on UFC, WWE, as you can see from our earnings today. We're growing, we're picking up audience. We're increasing engagement. We're having tremendous success with new partners on the WWE front, and we are excited about the opportunities that will present themselves with the UFC renewal.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Ben, your line is now open.
Ben Swinburne: I think for the year, you guys were able to do over 30% live event revenue growth for both UFC and WWE. And you talked about momentum continuing into '25. Maybe you could just spend a minute talking about the outlook for that combined revenue stream? What kind of growth you can deliver this year and sort of the strategy to maximize that opportunity? And then I have a follow-up.
Mark Shapiro: I'll let Andrew speak to the financial forecast. And then I'll throw in some color. Thanks, Ben. One sec.
Andrew Schleimer: Yes. No, I don't think we're going to talk specifically about growth. But obviously, '24 was a banner year under Pete Dropicks leadership across the entirety of the portfolio as we did with the global partnership team under Grant Norris-Jones, we really saw the fruits of our efforts under one consistent message from Pete all the way down. So, kudos to him and his team on these terrific results. As we report live event revenue, as you know, it includes both our ticket revenue and our site fees, both of which were new contributors in 2024. When we look forward to 2025, absent, obviously, the shift in the Saudi PLE, which the $55 million of revenue, which we noted shift from '25 to '26, we still expect meaningful growth year-over-year on a like-for-like basis. That's driven not only by site fee growth. I think I articulated in my prepared remarks, a couple of major drivers, WrestleMania, followed by Summer Slam, a couple of UFC events domestically and internationally. And then, of course, our partnership with Tourism Western Australia bring events into Perth. Underneath that, obviously just convenient yield maximization, leveraging technology, being smart about scaling on the WWE side and squeezing even more out of the rock on the UFC side. So, we're fairly bullish that there's still room to grow here, meaningfully to grow on both aspects of live event revenue.
Mark Shapiro: Yes. And I'll tell you, Ben, we're seeing strength on both sides of the coin on the events, both live, the demand for premium live events remains very strong. And while we're mindful, always mindful of the macroeconomic uncertainty, and we're always keeping an eye on those trends, we're really not seeing any signs of a slowdown. I mean, as Andrew spoke to, our ticket yield is strong. Our dynamic pricing is strong. We've got new tools, we're exercising AI opportunities, and we're monitoring, pacings and advanced sales very closely for any signs of a falloff, not seeing it. On the premium sales side, too, On Location is off to a roaring start with both WWE and UFC, and we're bullish about where that goes. In terms of ratings, which is the other side of the coin on live events, and then I'll flip it back to you. On the Netflix side, WWE's Raw is even if you take out the premier episode, which obviously got a lot of play at the Intuit Dome, we're up 13% from our 2024 Q1 average on USA Network. So, we're seeing great take-up on Netflix with Raw. And at the same time, you have to believe we're getting some sampling, so we're getting some new audience. And when I talk about that increase in ratings, keep in mind, that's an apples-to-apples. I mean that's based on views. Total viewed minutes divided by run time. So similar to Nielsen's average audience delivery as to how they report across linear exhibitions. This is the most apples-to-apples way to compare. And finally, NXT has been real winner for us this year. We moved that over to CW. And I mean, just last night, which was our latest episode, CW was up 16% in total viewers versus just a week ago, and that ranks as their fifth highest telecast for the quarter in terms of total viewers and audience adults 18 to 49. So, CW is seeing some great uplift from NXT, and we're thrilled about where it is. I think in Ari's opening comments, he talked about us being up 12% for the year for CW, and that would obviously be lifted by the fact that we were up 16% last night. So live events and viewership, really strong for our events. We're taking nothing for granted. Lee Fitting, Paul Levesque, Craig Borsari on the UFC side, doing a great job of storytelling. We're getting the right matches made at the UFC, and we're drawing significant audience.
Ben Swinburne: Yes, that's kind of where I want to go next, Mark. Just -- and maybe the answer is it's too early. But one of the things that was so interesting about the Netflix deal was just the distribution outside the U.S. of WWE Raw, but also the PLEs, I know it's -- again, it's early, so maybe not enough data. But I don't know if you were Nick, I don't know if it's on, but I'd be curious if you're seeing a noticeable benefit to engagement and ancillary monetization. You talked about doing more internationally this year, which makes sense. But has that shift to Netflix outside the United States registered yet in terms of the stuff you guys look at that matters to your business?
Mark Shapiro: Yes. Look, it's a little too early for that, as you said. But I would just tell you that Nick, Lawrence, Andrew and myself, obviously, Dana and Ari, we're very focused on more international events. So, while that's obviously an investment vis-a-vis our margin, we constantly have to balance that brand, that audience quote, that engagement, get into new territories, build the audience and then the dollars will flow. So, we're really focused on that. I would tell you, as it relates to the PLEs, on Peacock, in particular, where our deal for the PLE's with Peacock is up in March of 2026, and we expect to get into a conversation with them on renewal in the second half of this year.
Andrew Schleimer: I guess further to contextualize, and I did mention this in my prepared remarks, as we think about just the P&L, we will be shifting, on the UFC's side, three events from Apex to international locations over the course of this year, to that point on fan base and continued investment. And the road to WrestleMania, which we're knee deep in right now, will include 11 events across Western Europe, leading up to WrestleMania in April. So massive investment on our side to ensure that we continue to reach fans all over the globe.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Stephen Laszczyk with Goldman Sachs. Stephen, your line is now open.
Stephen Laszczyk: Maybe first on sponsorship for Mark. I know you put out some longer-term goals out there for the sponsorship business. Maybe you could talk a little bit more about the opportunity as you see ahead of you over the next 12 months or so? You recently signed the Monster Energy deal. I think that was a record for you guys. How much opportunity is out there? Maybe to step up some larger sponsors this year or perhaps add new logos to the business over the next few quarters.
Mark Shapiro: Thanks, Stephen. Look, short answer on this one. I mean we've guided to $375 million on sponsorship this year, inclusive of digital, and we are on track to hit that number. Where we're seeing it -- I would tell you, it's early. But I think that the team would agree, we're optimistic and really encouraged that Grant Norris-Jones and his team -- is that the second mention for Grant? Grant Norris-Jones and his team have had tremendous success. Already out of the gate selling three, all three leads. So, you saw our announcement earlier today about the Kansas City TKO Takeover that we're doing in April, which we're obviously really excited about and VeChain has signed on as the presenting sponsor. But he is out there with his team selling obviously UFC and a lot of renewals because they had a lot of traction and incumbent deals, as you know. WWE in a big way because this is all fertile ground for Nick Khan and what he's trying to accomplish here in selling different parts of the ring, the arena and really outdoor activations and retail. So, we see there's huge opportunity there. And then PBR. So, the fact that we could -- we're not even closed on PBR yet. And the fact that we've already closed two or three deals across all three leagues is truly really encouraging for where we're going. So, I'm not going to give any long-term guidance of where that $375 million goes, but let's just say, when you look at some of the more established leads that have been around for a century, like the NFL, we've got ways to go. So a lot of upside, and we want to get more mainstream sponsors in and we want to close some unsold categories across all three of the leads.
Stephen Laszczyk: That's helpful. And then since you mentioned the Kansas City Takeover, I was curious if I could ask a question just on the economics around that deal. It seems like there's a site fee component. There's a pretty big sponsorship component, as you mentioned, maybe some nice efficiencies from operating the events together. I guess how can we think about sizing those opportunities both this year. And then as we look out over the next couple of years, how many more opportunities do you think exists within the calendar as to the type of Takeovers between the three sports?
Andrew Schleimer: Look, Stephen, I think this is an indication of our strategy working, and we're just getting started on these multi-events per city weekends. What I'll say is that our partners in the Kansas Sports Commission, our counterparty to a meaningful incentive package on this deal. We're thrilled about the relationship and are looking forward to doing more. But again, when we talk about the potential opportunity here, I think we initially articulated it on our premium side. These are fight nights and non-PLE, non-pay-per-view event. So, if you start thinking about the initial math, around the portfolio of '24 PLE slash pay-per-view events and how big that could get by virtue of monetizing those, we're now looking a layer deeper. So, we have, as you know, 200-plus events in the entirety of the portfolio, and we get excited by virtue of being able to monetize those that are not just premium.
Mark Shapiro: We're going there, Stephen. Obviously, you've got NXT, which we haven't started selling any site fees. You've got all these UFC Fight Nights. So, we'll have years of multiple layers of opportunity here to sell for more of our events. Not to mention, keep in mind what Lawrence is doing on the UFC side and what Nick is doing on the WWE side, is really festivalizing these events. When you're adding three events over a weekend and you have to weigh in and you're bringing a concert, right? And you have a partnership -- Nick architected last year with Michael Rubin and Fanatics is a WWE experience, if you will, that kind of fest, all of a sudden, for each city, it becomes real economic impact. It's a week-long celebration, superstar appearances, fighter appearances. And it's something that advertisers are really attracted to because it resonates in a very visceral way with our audience and their consumers. So, we're just getting started here, but the fact that Kansas City jumped on to this is already going to ignite a bunch of incoming calls from various DMAs as we proceed here.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. David, your line is now open.
David JPMorgan: Mark, given your executive role at both Endeavor and TKO, I wanted to see if you could shed some light on buying of TKO shares by EDR that we've seen since late December? Should investors read that as confidence in the future of TKO, are there some other factors maybe driving some of that purchasing? Any help would be great.
Mark Shapiro: Yes. No, look, I would just say this is a TKO earnings call. And despite my role at Endeavor, we're not going to comment on Endeavor related matters.
David JPMorgan: Fair enough. And then just for Andrew, on the incremental UFC events abroad, I understood your lower margin just given the production cost, but to clarify, should we view them as overall EBITDA accretive to an Apex event? And then for Mark, just more broadly, what's kind of driving the decision to finally move more of those events out of Vegas?
Andrew Schleimer: Yes, I think that's the right way to think about them on an absolute dollar basis. From a contribution basis vis-a-vis Apex look, as we think about where we should host these, it's with a long-term view in mind. Apex events, obviously coming out of COVID, carries a lower cost structure and a higher margin profile, but we do this more holistically and are making investments in the long run.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Peter Supino with Wolfe Research. Peter, your line is now open.
Peter Supino: A question about your guidance and then one about growth in the U.S. On guidance, I wanted to ask about the implied incremental margins in the 2025 guide, it looked to be about 75%. And I don't want to sound like a spoiled child, that's a really good level. But given some of the onetime margin dilution in 2024, UFC 306 and the gap in your Raw revenue stream, some -- and we were expecting even better incrementals in the 2025 guidance. I wonder if you could talk about whether there are any expense pressures or new strategies that are showing up in Q4 margins and also in the 2025 guidance? I'll pause there.
Andrew Schleimer: I think the answer simply is no. But if you look at some of the things that I articulated, Peter, in the prepared remarks, pro forma for the Saudi shift, that's an incremental 50 basis points to total company margin. And when you look at year-over-year, '24 -- excuse me, '23 to '24, margin accretion was roughly 300 basis points. Our guide implies 150 to 200 basis points. And then obviously, if you were to think about normalizing for Saudi, there's a little bit of upside to that. So, we believe that's fairly healthy. Clearly, the Saudi shift is a bit of a headwind from a margin perspective as are some of these conscious decisions to move events internationally vis--vis Apex. So, you're not missing anything. There are no undue expense pressures. We actually believe with some of these Takeover and other efficiency type opportunities, we can drive additional margin over the course of the year.
Peter Supino: I just wanted to ask about Netflix and specifically your Live Event business in the U.S. is super successful and maybe pretty optimized. And so, I wonder with all the engagement growth in Netflix, how do you turn that into more revenue? And then how [indiscernible] sponsorship to engagement growth?
Mark Shapiro: Well, I think it's -- look, there was a note the other day. I was quite surprised by on the [indiscernible], Nathan's inside of defense with a price target has us drastically lower than we're currently trading and seemingly a misunderstanding about our KPIs. There isn't a day that goes by here, that we are not, as an executive team, squarely and laser-focused on the KPIs that will move our business, to your point. You have these successful live events, how are you monetizing it across various platforms and business lines. And we approach our work that way every day. If you're having big live events that are drawing the kind of viewership, we are right now with SmackDown on NBC and NXT on CW and what we're doing for UFC and ESPN+ and our launch on Netflix, you're having that kind of viewership success, well, then you should be doing better in your media rights deals. And while I think that without talking to us, we have a lot of analysts that are jumping to conclusions on what we may or may not get in a renewal of UFC, there's no doubt about it, we're still strong, and we're still premium content, and there's going to be demand for the UFC and the WWE PLEs that follow that. So, it starts with that. Obviously, live events that are selling out, we're raising our ticket prices. Our premium opportunities are growing with the best in the business, the best in the industry now driving that business, which is On Location. Consumer products very, very strong on the WWE side, and it lends itself to being strong because of the superstars and the fictional nature of what we do there. And then, of course, on the UFC side, bigger winners we have and the more brand names we build, that's going to lend itself along with the UFC brand to success on the licensing side. And when you add all that together, demand plus demand equals an increase in site fees and sponsorship. So that's where we are. That's where the team is. We don't need to reinvent. We don't need to get distracted. We don't need to break away from the pure-play sports strategy that we have at TKO. We just need to stay front and center focused on driving those lines of business, while at the same time, extending our brand overseas. So, it's a good story for us. It will be an even better story over the course of the next 18 months as we renew our media deals and we go into '26 with three events in Saudi on the WWE side, which already will give us a massive head start when it comes to long-term investors looking for long-term growth.
Ari Emanuel: Operator, let's take one last question, please.
Operator: Absolutely. We will now take our final question. The question will come from the line of Ryan Gravett with UBS. Ryan, Your line is now open.
Ryan Gravett: On WWE media rights, you called out timing of content deliveries in the quarter as having some impact. So just wondering if some of those timing-related headwinds should start to reverse and any update on the opportunity here for additional programming with Netflix? And then, Andrew, just any additional color on how we should think about growth in media rights revenues at UFC through the year as new Netflix markets get turned off?
Mark Shapiro: Andrew, handle that first part and then let me talk about the ancillary with Netflix.
Andrew Schleimer: Yes. So that's purely timing related and that will sort of sell out over the course of the year or any quarter. Obviously, some of these deliveries are related to our deal with [A&E] and other distributors. So, nothing that is of concern or structurally problematic, just timing. As it relates to the second part of your question -- what was the second question? There was Netflix.
Ryan Gravett: It's how to think about...
Andrew Schleimer: You said UFC with Netflix. So, as it relates to Netflix and WWE, if you recall, we retained the income from international distributors that do not -- that do have deals that do not term out on January 1. So as those continue to be our distributors internationally, we retain the income from those distribution partners. And as they roll into Netflix deal, they roll in at rates similar to our economics in that deal. So, over the course of the year, we anticipate the first year of a 10-year deal with the step-up that we see by the fifth year of that relationship, fairly smooth over the course of that year of the relationship. So, no real impact from who the distributor is because we're economically indifferent in the first year.
Nick Khan: And just to answer the part about the appetite and Netflix for ancillary programming. This is Nick, by the way, Ryan, as Mark said a couple of minutes ago, all we've seen from that place is an appetite for more WWE. They've been phenomenal to deal with. They promoted us in the way that we hoped we would be promoted, even more so than we had hoped. And the appetite by Netflix to have additional ancillary programming, we announced a few weeks ago that we're doing a WWE behind the scene show with Netflix, which will come out later this year, assume there's more cooking in the pipeline.
Andrew Schleimer: And I'll tell you, Ryan, all these new ideas and concepts just lead to new business. I mean we announced the TKO Takeover in Kansas City, which will take place in April again. Earlier today, we've already had an inbound call on our interest in allowing one of the platforms to produce a follow doc on our fighters, superstars and bull riders, over the course of the weekend. So, think of Danica Patrick back in the day doing a NASCAR race and then rushing to an Indy 500 race or vice versa. And following that, that's the impetus here. And that's just new business. And it helps us with storytelling. It helps us launch names, it helps us build stars, it helps us attract audience. So, we're clearly -- something we're motivating and encouraging our teams to think outside the color lines when we look for new opportunities to grow.
Seth Zaslow: Thank you everyone. Thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call and for your interest in TKO. Operator, you can conclude the call.
Operator: That concludes today's call. Thank you all for your participation, and you may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining today's Q3 2024 TKO earnings call. My name is Reagan, and I will be your moderator today. All lines will be muted during the presentation portion of this call, with an opportunity for questions and answers. I would now like to pass the conference over to our host, Seth Zaslow, Head of Investor Relations. Seth, you may now proceed.
Seth Zaslow: Thank you, Reagan. The call will also be available via our website for at least thirty days. After prepared remarks from Ari Emanuel, TKO's Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer, and Andrew Schleimer, TKO's Chief Financial Officer, we will open the call for questions. Mark Shapiro, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and Andrew will be handling the Q&A. The purpose of this call is to provide you with information regarding our third quarter 2024 performance. I want to remind everyone that the information discussed will include forward-looking statements and/or projections that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for further detail. If these risks or uncertainties were to materialize, or any assumptions prove incorrect, our results may differ materially from those expressed or implied on this call. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update them in light of new information or future events except as legally required. Our commentary today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends. These measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP metrics can be found in our press release issued today as well as the information posted on our IR website. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Ari.
Ariel Emanuel: Thanks, Seth. Just over a year since UFC and WWE came together to form TKO, our conviction in this business is as strong as ever. We are executing on our strategy and delivering record results while realizing greater integration and synergy opportunities than initially expected. On the heels of TKO's solid third-quarter performance and with our visibility through year-end, we are now expecting to come in at the upper end of our full-year guidance range for both revenue and adjusted EBITDA. Additionally, two weeks ago, we made two announcements that we believe reinforce our commitment to creating long-term value for shareholders. First, we authorized a capital return program featuring a $2 billion share repurchase program and a quarterly cash dividend program of $75 million. Second, TKO announced an agreement to acquire industry-leading sports assets: Professional Bull Riders (PBR), premium sports hospitality provider On Location, and global sports rights and production powerhouse, IMG. I cannot impress enough how bullish we are about this deal, which aligns with the pure-play sports strategy TKO will execute and be known for. This acquisition strengthens our global position in sports rights, experiences, and hospitality, and it adds PBR to our portfolio as another valuable and growing sports league. These assets will power our profile, give us greater scale, strengthen our position in the sports marketplace, and accelerate returns for shareholders. We are also proud and pleased to share that On Location has extended its partnership with the NFL through 2036, ensuring it remains the official hospitality provider at premier events including the Super Bowl, NFL Draft, and NFL International Games for years to come. Turning to the quarter, our results highlight sustained demand for UFC and WWE live events and underscore our business's ability to reach new heights and attract fans globally. UFC 306 at Sphere Las Vegas is a prime example. The sold-out event not only set the record for UFC's highest-grossing live event but also became Sphere's highest-grossing single event and achieved UFC's highest event merchandise and sponsorship sales. Notably, 89% of ticket buyers came from outside Nevada, one of the highest out-of-town attendance rates for any UFC or Sphere event. This turnout underscores UFC's appeal as a destination event, drawing fans from across regions and delivering economic benefits to host cities. Beyond these impressive metrics, this event also showcases what TKO is truly all about: innovating and revolutionizing the way fans consume and engage with live sports. Internationally, UFC events also delivered. UFC 304 in Manchester became the highest-grossing event at Coop Live and drew the largest attendance for a UFC event in the UK. In Perth, UFC 305 marked a successful start to our multi-year partnership with the Western Australian government, setting the record for RAC Arena's highest-grossing event. And in Paris, our September Fight Night became Accor Arena's highest-grossing event to date. At WWE, live events outperformed in the third quarter and set 42 individual market records for ticket sales, evidence that the strategies we have been implementing around ticket pricing and event routing are bearing fruit. While the US remains strong, momentum is increasingly evident in international markets, where WWE continues to sell out venues and draw record crowds. In the third quarter, WWE held 18 shows outside the US, up from 11 in the same period last year. Highlights included a highly anticipated return to Japan after a five-year hiatus, selling out in Tokyo with a record gate, and Germany's first-ever premium live event, which became WWE's highest-grossing arena eventa record that we have broken three times this year. Meanwhile, in Cleveland, SummerSlam achieved record-breaking results, becoming WWE's highest-grossing non-WrestleMania event in history. WWE also had successful debuts on USA Network for SmackDown and the CW Network for NXT. In fact, through the first five weeks, NXT is up 12% in viewership versus USA last year. Meanwhile, SmackDown's return to USA Network under our five-year media rights agreement with NBCUniversal has already driven strong and sustained viewership. Without a doubt, this partnership further strengthens our longstanding relationship with NBCU, and we are anticipating a strong draw for the upcoming debut of quarterly prime-time specials, starting December 14th with Saturday Night's Main Event on NBC. And with RAW's launch on Netflix nearing, both WWE and Netflix are actively preparing for an impactful debut on January 6th, which will expand the reach of WWE and deliver our flagship content to a global audience. As we close out the year and look to 2025, we are confident in the strength of our iconic properties and the momentum we are building towards significant milestones. From an exciting lineup of live events that include UFC 309 at Madison Square Garden, WrestleMania in Las Vegas, and the first-ever two-night SummerSlam at MetLife Stadium to closing our acquisition of PBR, On Location, and IMG, all of which fuel further growth. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Schleimer: Good afternoon. As we previously disclosed on September 26, we reached a revised agreement to settle all claims asserted in the Lee UFC antitrust lawsuit for $375 million. In the third quarter, we recorded an incremental $40 million charge to bring the aggregate expense on our books to $375 million. On October 22, the court granted preliminary approval of the settlement. As a result, we made the first of three payments for $125 million into escrow in late October. We expect to pay the remaining $250 million in 2025, $125 million in the first quarter, and $125 million by the end of Q2. As we have mentioned, the settlement is anticipated to be deductible for tax purposes as and when paid. As a result, our tax distributions to members in the third quarter were reduced to reflect the settlement payment such that we did not realize an adverse dollar-for-dollar impact on cash on hand. Third-quarter reported results included three months of activity for both UFC and WWE. The reported results for the third quarter of 2023 include WWE activity for the period from September 12 through September 30, 2023. To assist with comparability, we have presented supplemental financial information in our press release and IR website that includes WWE activity and the portion of WWE related to the corporate group for the period from July 1 through September 11, 2023, as well as each quarterly period from January 1, 2022, through September 11, 2023. For the third quarter of 2024, we generated revenue of $681 million. Net income was $58 million. Adjusted EBITDA was $310 million, and our adjusted EBITDA margin was 46%. Including WWE activity for July 1 through September 11, 2023, combined revenue for the third quarter was $685 million. Combined adjusted EBITDA was $298 million, and our combined adjusted EBITDA margin was 44%. Inclusive of these amounts, revenue decreased 1%, adjusted EBITDA increased 4%, and adjusted EBITDA margin increased two percentage points. Our UFC segment generated revenue of $355 million in the quarter, a decrease of 11% or $43 million. Adjusted EBITDA was $196 million, a decrease of 18% or $43 million. UFC's adjusted EBITDA margin was 55%, down from 60% in the prior-year period. As expected, revenue was impacted by the timing of the events calendar. UFC had ten total events in the third quarter of this year, compared to thirteen total events in the prior-year period. As Ari mentioned, the health of the business remains extremely strong, and UFC continues to benefit from the meaningful tailwinds of the experience economy. Media rights and content revenue decreased 19% to $216 million. The decrease was driven by one fewer numbered event and two fewer fight nights as compared to the prior-year period. The contractual escalation of media rights partially offset the decrease from the timing of the events calendar. Live events revenue decreased 1% to $51 million. Ticket sales reflected the decline in the number of total events in the third quarter as compared to the prior year. This headwind was essentially offset by strong underlying trends in pricing and UFC 306 at Sphere, as well as an increase in site fees. Results in the quarter included a site fee related to our Fight Night in Abu Dhabi. Sponsorship revenue increased 16% to $74 million. Despite the unfavorable mix of events in the quarter, new partnerships and renewals drove the increase. UFC 306 was the highest-grossing event in UFC's history and the first event to feature a title partner sponsor, which we sold to Riyadh Season. Adjusted EBITDA reflected the decrease in revenue. Expenses were essentially flat year over year. Direct operating expenses decreased primarily due to lower marketing, AFFE costs, and direct cost of revenue due to one fewer numbered event and two fewer fight nights. These decreases were partially offset by higher production costs, primarily related to UFC 306. Given the unique nature of the venue and production elements associated therewith, we incurred production costs for UFC 306 meaningfully higher than our historical norm for a numbered event, which resulted in reduced adjusted EBITDA and reduced adjusted EBITDA margin in the quarter. However, as Ari highlighted, UFC 306 was a once-in-a-lifetime experience and highly successful for UFC. SG&A increased primarily due to higher cost of personnel as compared to the prior-year period. WWE delivered strong quarterly revenue and adjusted EBITDA. The financial results continue to reflect healthy creative momentum in the business as well as the benefits to both the top and bottom line from the initiatives we implemented since the formation of TKO. Our WWE segment generated revenue of $326 million in the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $175 million, and adjusted EBITDA margin was 54%. The following commentary on the third quarter includes comparisons to activity for the period from July 1 through September 30, 2023. In the third quarter of 2023, revenue was $287 million. Adjusted EBITDA was $102 million, and adjusted EBITDA margin was 36%. Revenue increased 14% or $39 million. Adjusted EBITDA increased 72% or $73 million, and adjusted EBITDA margin increased 18 percentage points. Revenue growth was led by continued strong performance for live events. Live events revenue increased 31% to $51 million. The increase was primarily related to an increase in ticket sales. Since the formation of TKO, we have been focused on increasing ticket yield, and this strategy favorably impacted our results in the quarter, not only in connection with the premium live events such as SummerSlam, which was the highest-grossing non-WrestleMania event of all time, but for the balance of WWE's live events in the aggregate. Media rights and content revenue increased 8% to $27 million. The increase was primarily related to the contractual escalation of media rights fees as well as the timing of our weekly programming, which resulted in one additional episode of Raw in the quarter compared to the prior year. Sponsorship revenue increased 54% to $22 million due to new partnerships and renewals across multiple categories, including beverage, QSR, spirits, entertainment, and communications. Of note, SummerSlam was highly successful and included for the first time three interlink sponsors as well as a record number of partners. It's early days, but we have and expect to continue to realize benefits from the unified global partnerships team we put in place at the beginning of the year. Adjusted EBITDA reflected the increase in revenue and a decrease in expenses. The decrease in expenses primarily reflected lower personnel costs and production costs related to our planned cost reduction initiatives implemented following the formation of TKO. Corporate expenses were $61 million for the third quarter of 2024. On a combined basis, corporate expenses were $42 million for the third quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher personnel costs, including executive compensation, and other G&A expenses following the formation of TKO in September of last year. The increase also reflected the impact of the services fee UFC and WWE paid to Endeavor, which commenced for WWE in March of 2024. Now moving to our capital structure. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. Free cash flow excludes the majority of the mandatory tax distribution to our owners but does include the portion of cash taxes paid by TKO PubCo. For the quarter, we generated $226 million of free cash flow. This includes $11 million of capital expenditures, approximately $3 million of which related to WWE's new headquarters. The quarter was favorably impacted by the timing of working capital, most notably the collection of the site fee associated with our WWE Saudi event, King and Queen of the Ring, that was held in May. We ended the quarter with $2.736 billion in debt and $457 million in cash and cash equivalents. Given the strength of our balance sheet and financial profile, the implementation of a robust and sustained capital return program has and will continue to be a top priority for us. As we announced on October 24, our Board of Directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to $2 billion of our Class A common stock. We expect the program to commence following the close of the acquisition of PBR, On Location, and IMG in the first half of 2025, but it is not conditioned on the closure of this transaction. Once the program does commence, we anticipate that the pace of the repurchase activity will be fairly linear and expect to complete the program within a period of three to four years. We also announced that our board authorized a $75 million quarterly cash dividend program. The dividend program will involve a quarterly distribution by TKO OpCo, and holders of TKO Class A common stock will receive their pro-rata share of distributions. We intend to make the first dividend payment on March 31, 2025. As with the share repurchase program, the dividend is not conditioned on the close of the PBR, On Location, and IMG transaction. Earlier today, we announced the refinancing of our credit facility, seeking a new seven-year $2.75 billion term loan and a new five-year $205 million revolver, which are approximately the same balances as we currently have. The facility will continue to include significant capacity for incremental term loan add-ons, which we anticipate will be a source of funding for the share repurchase program. As we previously articulated, our target for net leverage remains up to three times. Given our strong balance sheet, expected growth in adjusted EBITDA, and free cash flow generation, we expect to have additional financial capacity. However, our primary focus continues to be driving value at UFC and WWE while also planning for the integration of PBR, On Location, and IMG into TKO. As we noted when we announced the transaction, PBR, On Location, and IMG are the only assets that TKO will acquire from Endeavor. As we have discussed in the past, we manage the business with a focus on full-year performance. Therefore, we believe our results are best evaluated on a full-year basis given the quarterly fluctuations that are inherent in our operations related to the timing of our events and content deliveries, among other items. As we noted on October 24 and in our press release today, we are revising our full-year 2024 guidance for revenue and adjusted EBITDA. We are now targeting the upper end of the previously provided ranges for both revenue of $2.67 to $2.745 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $1.22 to $1.24 billion. The increase is related primarily to strong operating performance on a year-to-date basis, particularly in live events and sponsorship at both of our businesses, and visibility through the end of the year. On our last call, we noted that we expected the third quarter to be the most challenging quarter of the year for UFC given the unfavorable timing of events, and it was. As we look to the fourth quarter of 2024, we want to highlight a few notable items. At UFC, results are expected to improve as the current calendar includes an additional event and two additional events with live audiences compared to the prior-year period. At WWE, as we have previously discussed, results will reflect the short-term domestic rights deal we reached earlier this year with USA Network for RAW for the fourth quarter. This will have an unfavorable impact of approximately $50 million to both revenue and adjusted EBITDA as compared to Q4 2023. As a reminder and for the avoidance of doubt, this is purely timing-related. In January 2025, our long-term agreement with Netflix to distribute RAW commences. In terms of expenses, we expect results to continue to reflect the benefit of the initiatives we have implemented to take costs out of the business. Today, we also reaffirmed our expectation for full-year 2024 cash flow conversion to be in excess of 40% of adjusted EBITDA. Our outlook includes the payment of $125 million for the UFC lawsuit settlement and transaction costs related to the strategic acquisition of Endeavor assets, both of which are included in operating cash flow. In conclusion, we generated solid third-quarter results that reflected continued strength in both of our businesses. We are extremely excited about the road ahead and our prospects for 2024 and beyond. With that, I'll turn it back to Seth.
Seth Zaslow: Thanks, Andrew. Operator, we're ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you so much. We will now be moving on to our Q&A session. If you would like to ask a question, our first question comes from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Ben, your line is now open.
Ben Swinburne: Great. Hey. Good afternoon, everybody. Thanks for taking the question. Maybe I'd like to start with Mark on sort of the UFC, which is right around the corner with the domestic rights. I think you've made some comments recently about potentially splitting up the rights, taking back pay-per-views. I think as a public company, you certainly benefit from the predictability of licensing out those pay-per-view fights to ESPN. But I'm wondering how you think about that relative to the potential upside of distributing those yourself. And then I'd love to hear, Andrew, the WWE margins this quarter were particularly impressive. I think your expenses were down, like, 20% even though revenues were up 13%. You mentioned merger synergies. Anything else you'd flag? Because even live events, I think the event was up, I think, at least internationally. So surprised to how strong of a margin you had in Q3 above any more details you might share. Thanks so much.
Mark Shapiro: Thanks, Ben. Good to hear from you. Andrew will start since it's just fresh off your long second part of the question. Then I'll come back in the future. I think the most benefit from actually one additional RAW event in the quarter. So almost like for like from an event calendar perspective on WWE, but what I think you're seeing here is just the continued cost savings measures and initiatives that we set out to put in place when we launched TKO really inflowing through us just being more efficient top to bottom. Getting a bit more on the production side as Nick and Lee fitting are laser-focused on execution there. And, really, you know, I like to focus on growth in the ad sales and sponsorship department, 54% growth over prior year Q3. And those deals are being structured at higher margins than they had been in the past. So you're seeing just growth from high-margin revenue contributors and even more so than they were contributing Q3 in 2023. So you know, early innings on the sales side, but really encouraged by what we're seeing.
Andrew Schleimer: Yeah. And I would just say, Ben, just to add to that. I mean, you know, you can just expect more margin accretion, you know, as we flow through. I'd like to remind folks you know, we're still in at least mid-innings, if not early innings, on the integration of these two assets of WWE and UFC. I mean, we're of course, already guiding to the fact that we'll beat our net cost synergies of $100 million. But as we succeed with our strategy of having these events on the same week or same weekend or subsequent weekends now with PBR as well, our margins are only going to be better because we're gonna save on that cost side. And we'll sell triple-header sponsorships as we like to call them. Somebody that comes in and sponsors all three events, that'll be huge for us, and it'll drive local ad sales. But on the cost side, gonna benefit there, and I can tell you that to Andrew's point, Nick Khan and Pete Tropic who runs all of our ticket operations, and Lauren Epstein, I mean, they're working on this night and day, city by city, region by region, country by country, where can we bring all three to town? There's that as well.
Mark Shapiro: So on the first part, look, here's what I would tell you. In terms of what really benefits to your point, what benefits us and our shareholders is maximizing value on these renewals. That's the bottom line. So we're not looking to upend or change for change's sake. Or unorthodox models we are looking to maximize our rights. End of story. UFC is mainstream. Incredibly popular. I see some of the struggles going on with other leagues right now, both linear and digital. Leagues that have started new seasons and are not off to a rocket start like we're accustomed to, that's not the case with UFC. We're still driving subs on ESPN Plus. When we're on ESPN, ESPN2, or ABC, we're a ratings winner and driving more advertising for those platforms. And on the WWE side, as Andrew talked about in his and Ari talked about in the prepared comments, you know, across the board from CW to of course, Comcast. WWE is still a stalwart. So we're flying. And if we have to be creative to help potential partners or bring other suitors in the door so that we get a higher price or live up to the guidance that the street has been giving us on the renewals, not the one we're giving them, but the one they're giving us, then we're going to do it. And that's all we're trying to signal to our shareholders and all we're trying to signal to the media suitors, the platforms, the companies that are going to be chasing us relatively soon.
Ben Swinburne: Thanks so much.
Mark Shapiro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brandon Ross of Lightshed. Brandon, your line is now open.
Brandon Ross: Thanks very much. And for the record, that faux pas was not my fault this time. Maybe just start with a follow-up on Ben's UFC renewal question. It's still thinking a lot about how different the approach to distributing your top content is between WWE and UFC right now. For WWE, the PLEs you're going with the broadest possible reach on Netflix and Peacock. There's no discrete transaction to watch your content. But on UFC, you're in this high-cost pay-per-view model. And you've said and I think maybe alluded to it with the last answer, you don't want to shake anything up really and you prefer to re-up your deal with Disney. Why is a continuation of a pay-per-view model the best path, especially given how MMA is still in its relative infancy compared to wrestling?
Mark Shapiro: Yeah. Look. I would just tell you, Brandon. I mean, just a reminder, obviously. Internationally, we sell pay-per-view for the UFC. But we do not sell the pay-per-view domestically. That's ESPN's job. And what I can tell you is we enter into these negotiations, at the end of the day, it's what the market will bear. That's really what it is. And we're next up. We're the next big thing on the block, if you will. We have a proven track record. Our demos are insane. I mean, really, just across TKO, we're 50% of our audience is 18 to 34. Is what most platforms and companies are chasing. So we're in good stead there. We've terrific diversification, and we drive a very strong Hispanic audience when it comes to the UFC, and we're gender-neutral. And we're not just talking about women watching women's fights. That's not the case. We have a strong base of women watching all of our fights. So we're sitting in a pretty good position. Pay-per-view is still a strong model. It worked to build ESPN Plus. It's worked for us internationally. We've got great history with it. DIRECTV and DISH may be coming together, so who knows the kind of opportunity there. Paramount and CBS are obviously getting their act together. They'll be closing next year. You know, I believe they'll be at the table if and when it comes to them because they already signaled both Jeff Shell and David Ellison that sports will be a banner vehicle of content for them. So we will not have a shortage of suitors. We feel great. But we love Disney. I can't underscore it enough. And Jimmy Pitaro and Bob Iger get UFC in very much. We're architects in our deal. Kevin Mayer was still at the time, but they were very much part of us crafting how we were going to do that deal. Things change. Models change. Viewing patterns change. Broadcast is now kinda back in if you will, cable is obviously having its struggles, but still nothing to frown at. And streaming is on fire, and new platforms and fast channels are coming all the time. So it's really just demonstrating and signaling to the market that we have flexibility and a willingness to play ball on a myriad of business models. And Ari and I, in particular, are very focused on not just communicating that, but actively discussing those potential models with all of the partners and then some.
Brandon Ross: Okay. And then, Dana White recently talked about getting into boxing and said that it would be with guns blazing. Could you expand on that? Just wondering how this could be done in a way that's in sync with your current margin profile and will this happen organically by perhaps letting UFC fighters box under your banner, or is this one of those instances where we could see some M&A at play?
Mark Shapiro: Yeah. No. Look. First of all, some off-the-cuff comments from Dana White do not translate into a strategy that we're communicating to The Street. Right? Dana says a lot of things and has a lot of passions. And why we love him. He's also the best promoter the sport of MMA and, frankly, if it was boxing, has or will ever see. What I can tell you is boxing, at its best, is confused and fragmented, at its worst, broken. We think the sport presents an interesting growth opportunity for us. Dana White and I should mention Nick Khan, have deep expertise in long-standing relationships in what they call the sweet science, otherwise known as boxing. And if we were to get involved in boxing, we would expect to do so in an organic way. Not an M&A way. So i.e., we're not writing a check. And if we launch the vertical at any time, we kinda see it as doing it with a partner who would fund it and pay us to operate. So nothing to announce today. But this is one area we're going to continue to explore. You know, we've talked about the dearth of leagues that are out there. Obviously, we're acquiring PBR. There's not much else. Don't necessarily need to add anything to our model. But boxing is ripe. It is ripe for a fix. And we're blessed to have two experts in the field. And if an opportunity presents itself or we can chase one down, it does not put much risk or any risk for that matter on us financially, then we're going to pursue it. And in terms of models and league and how we structure it and etcetera, etcetera, that's way down the road, and once we have something, if we have something, you'll be the first to know.
Brandon Ross: Thank you very much.
Mark Shapiro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Karnovsky of JPMorgan. David, your line is now open.
David Karnovsky: Hey. Thank you for the question. Maybe just following up on the UFC renewal. Mark, interested to know how you're positioning UFC Fight Pass potentially as part of negotiations. You know, last time that was kept separate, is that the intention this time around, or is there an opportunity to roll the service or content into a partner platform and receive better economics? And then just staying with UFC, wanted to know your thinking about title sponsorship as potential inventory. Was this your kind of unique one-off, or can you make more use of the pay-per-views?
Mark Shapiro: Yeah. Thanks, David. Look, I'll tell you, as we sit here today, we're really pleased with the growth of UFC Fight Pass. In fact, internationally, we're really seeing subs tick up, especially in Brazil where we finally got our act together after a slow start. We see keeping that separate. I'll tell you that there is truly untapped potential when it comes to UFC Fight Pass. And the secret to driving subs on UFC Fight Pass is just quite simply more live events. Period. End of story. And so in any renewal, you know, we're going to explore the ability for us to potentially have exclusive fights on UFC Fight Pass, but then also lean further into the combat space. With regard to karate, jujitsu, wrestling itself, boxing potentially, more live events that we can program around the clock, that really drive demand in terms of sub acquisition and fan base. So to answer your question, we expect to keep that as a proprietary asset that we control. It's not for sale, but it will have more original content, less taped programming, and more live events. That's the first part. As in regard to the second, the title sponsors, look, yes. That was a tremendous deal we did with Riyadh Season and the Saudis to sponsor the Sphere event. I think everybody got a good deal out of that one because that was such a spectacle for them and for us. And if there are opportunities to sell more title sponsors, we're going to pursue them. And I can tell you in the bag of inventory that Grant Norris Jones, who runs our global partnerships team, and his lieutenant, Luke Oscovales, as they go to the street, door to door, brand to brand, category to category, knocking down business, which I'll remind you, is almost kicking the door of $300 million this year between UFC and WWE. So we're heading north fast. Will absolutely deploy title sponsorship inventory if it makes sense. It has to be authentic. It has to be seamless. And we certainly don't want to over-commercialize the UFC. But I think it was a pretty good suit and a good fit as it relates to the Sphere event.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Laszczyk of Goldman Sachs. Stephen, your line is now open.
Stephen Laszczyk: Hey. Great. Thanks for taking the questions. Mark, in the past, you've spoken about the impact this Sphere event has had on the UFC brand. I'm curious now post-Sphere, you're thinking about the evolution of some of these more key UFC events that you put on, maybe the opportunity to elevate more select pay-per-view sites, perhaps potentially through a Sphere-like event in the future or perhaps even through a stadium-like event that you host on the WWE side similar to WrestleMania. And then second, on On Location, Ari called out the NFL deal through 2036, I think. Just curious to talk a little bit more about the financial profile of that deal and the extent to which you might be operating leverage if you outperform on selling NFL premium hospitality. And if you think a deal like the NFL one could be a good template for similar deals going forward with sports leagues.
Mark Shapiro: Great. So first off, I just want to remind everyone that we do not intend to do another event at the Sphere. That was a one-and-done. I think we've signaled that to the market. Of course, anything can change just like rock bands do their farewell tours and seem to stick around for another twenty years. But Dana is pretty intent that this is a one-and-done. That's why we spent so much. That's why we made so much out of it. By the way, it took a lot out of us in terms of focus to pull it off in the way we did. But in terms of creating more spectacles, like, that's our job. Period. And, globally, that's our job. And, frankly, much of that responsibility to create those spectacles falls to Lawrence Epstein who's, you know, running the UFC business with Dana day-to-day. Lawrence happens to be in the room, and I'd like him to opine on and comment on your first part of the question, Lawrence.
Lawrence Epstein: Thanks, Mark. Just a couple of things to add to what Mark just had to say. First of all, huge achievements. Certainly was a challenge, as Mark indicated, but a huge achievement for our team to put on that. What we view is really a seminal event in the history of sports entertainment. The first time anything like this has ever been done. The world of sport, the world of entertainment, the entire world is really looking at this event. So huge achievement, huge success, for our entire team. You know, it's really, I think, part of our be-first mentality. We're the first group to ever do this. They will be the only one, but we're certainly the first so far. And, you know, we're really proud of the achievement and, of course, the leadership that we showed. And as I said, you know, this event was a game-changer. I think, as we look at future events and as arenas, I'll coin this term, spheroize themselves, add more LED, add more technology to their facilities. We're gonna continue to up the game with respect to our production. The first facility that has really done this outside the Sphere, of course, is the Intuit Dome in California where the Clippers are gonna be playing. And you can expect to see us there very soon taking advantage of that great technology there.
Mark Shapiro: By the way, last time I checked, the Sphere is launching in Abu Dhabi. Dana did say no more events at the Sphere in Vegas. But that doesn't mean we can't go to Abu Dhabi. So I'm looking forward to pursuing that when that gets built. Probably two decades from now. Andrew, go ahead.
Andrew Schleimer: Yeah. Look. Thanks for the next question, Stephen, on obviously, On Location and the NFL. There was a press release that Endeavor actually issued yesterday as, you know, in advance of the acquisition, Endeavor is responsible for extensions with their current customer and On Location, the NFL. But us at TKO, the acquirer of this business, are obviously thrilled with the extension of that agreement through 2036. You know, obviously, NFL best-in-class sports brand and the opportunity to continue that relationship is obviously extraordinarily beneficial for us at On Location, TKO, and will benefit us through the balance of work. Our portfolio. We're not gonna comment on the economics of the deal. Those were not public. Nor will they be in the future. But that being said, I do want to, you know, pivot the conversation a moment just to the visibility. And, you know, what we discussed last week when we announced the acquisition of these assets. We are going to go to extraordinary lengths to ensure that, you know, both our external and internal constituents have as much information and tools to understand the revenue and profitability profiles of these businesses, whether they be on a standalone basis or within our portfolio. It's important to understand not only how they grow but how they benefit the other assets in our portfolio. So rest assured, we'll be able to give you information as time goes on, and, you know, the NFL relationship is core to On Location and its future revenue and growth prospects.
Mark Shapiro: Yeah. I would just underscore that. Andrew and I have too much experience here at Endeavor with the lumpiness of On Location and how difficult that was for the street to model. The transparency and visibility are going to be significant. Starting with our investor presentation, which in the appendix on page sixteen, you know, we laid out specifically Olympics, what we expect to make year over year, year after year, over a four-year span, and then also World Cup FIFA. So you are going to get more of that and then some. We don't want any confusion. We don't want to muddy this. We don't want to clutter it. We want clarity. As far as the NFL, just the relationship, I would just say, because we're fresh off of meetings with the commissioner and Brian Rollack, who is their chief revenue officer this week, I mean, I can't say enough about this partnership. Obviously, we do better in years when the Super Bowl is in Los Angeles or Las Vegas versus in New Orleans. But nonetheless, we do well, period. The draft, the Super Bowl, I mean, significant properties, big ratings draws, and these international games are quickly becoming bellwethers. I mean, the commissioner has already signaled he'd like to get to as many as eighteen in the next few years. I recently went out to the game in London, and we had a jam-packed house of almost five hundred patrons that flew out with On Location to see the Chicago Bears and Jacksonville Jaguars. Yeah. Airfare, hotel, F&B, personal services, customized programs. I mean, we're just seeing more and more demand for this. So we're really excited. And I will tell you just further quote in the press release, this deal, while Ari and I have been working on this for a while, it came to fruition because they were really excited about being in a sports pure-play company like TKO.
Stephen Laszczyk: That's great. Thank you, guys.
Mark Shapiro: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Robert Fishman of MoffettNathanson. Robert, your line is now open.
Robert Fishman: Hi. Good afternoon. Two questions for you guys. Mark, with the Netflix deal fast approaching, can you share more about your excitement to drive additional growth in WWE sponsorship dollars in 2025, maybe in the US and internationally? And then, Andrew, if I can follow up on the cost a little earlier, any way you can break out WWE and UFC cost synergies to date? And how you think about the trajectory of each cost bucket thinking about 2025 and beyond. Thank you.
Andrew Schleimer: Look. I'll take the second question first and then defer to Mark. But as we've said on kind of countless occasions, you know, the best way to look at our business is on a full-year basis. When we articulated our cost savings guide of $50 to $100 million initially and then articulated the upper end of that range and then came back and said we're gonna exceed the upper end of that range, you should assume that the lion's share of that is implicit in our full-year guide in 2024. We are knee-deep in our 2025 planning right now and intend to be back to the street with some insight into 2025 when we report our full-year results sometime at the end of February. On that call, we'll be giving further insight and information as to additional efficiencies that we intend to achieve in 2025 with months of planning behind us. But rest assured, you know, we are sharpening our pencils and we are looking for additional means to grow well in excess of $100 million. But to date, our, you know, upper end a little bit in excess of that upper end are in our 2024 numbers.
Mark Shapiro: Great. And, Robert, just on the first part of your question, I would say that yeah, it's actually been pretty amazing. As we go to the street. Keep in mind with our UFC deal, we go to the street with ESPN. So we're out there with advertisers for 360 holistic packages. They're buying in-arena, right? They're buying media inventory on ESPN. So on and so forth. Not to mention the ancillary programming we have leading up to the fight like the weigh-in. So those packages allow us to get a higher CPM. Netflix has been terrific out of the gate. Very creative, very innovative, and because they're new at it, they really want to explore. So we're out there trying to sell combination packages with them, of course, media inventory on Netflix, as well as what it is we do around the event. And just recently, Grant Norris Jones and his team, second mention of Grant Norris Jones today, have sold a Minute Maid deal. As an example. Where Minute Maid is a sponsor, comes in as a global partner of WWE, but also are buying inventory in the Netflix programming, like, in their wheel, if you will. And that's a deal we drove, not them. But it works both ways, and I can tell you, Nick Khan, who's also sitting here today, of course, the president of WWE, he's knee-deep with the ad sales teams, both Netflix, and our internal team to drive more of these 360 deals, and I'll let him make a few comments. Nick?
Nick Khan: Yes. So thank you, Mark, very much. If you think about it in perspective, twenty years ago, Monday Night Raw was on the National Network, which became the National Network, which became TNN, which became Spike, and is now Paramount. Now we're going to Netflix. So forget their sub count that they have at this moment. It's 650 million potential viewers globally for our product. So the ability to go out, Andrew Schleimer mentioned in his prepared remarks, and then slightly after that, the growth year over year in WWE sponsorship. We're expecting even more growth once Netflix kicks in in January because of the global reach and because of our Netflix, in so many different markets.
Robert Fishman: Thanks, Robert.
Operator: Thank you. Operator, we're ready. Your next question. Our next question is from Peter Supino of Wolfe Research. Peter, your line is now open.
Peter Supino: Hi. Thank you. A question on cash flow. Your portfolio of businesses is obviously a good cash generator. We think and have made the case that it's a great cash generator. And some of the numerical comments you've published on free cash flow conversion in the 40% range this year and maybe normalizing around 60% if my memory serves. Seem really beatable to us. So I'm just wondering if you'd comment on that bullish challenge for free cash flow and then separately, if you just comment on the environment for hiring and retaining talent. It's just amazing. A year ago, we were being asked to model the impact on talent costs of equity capital raised by one of your competitors, and that doesn't come up anymore. So if you could update it there, it would be great.
Andrew Schleimer: Thanks, Peter. I think when we initially put a presentation together in April of 2023, we showed on a pro forma combined basis, I believe it was 2022 trailing, it's north of 60% of EBITDA adjusted EBITDA conversion to free cash flow. When we initially guided this year, we had a number roughly in the 50% range that was impacted by some timing of working capital. Some additional investments in the headquarters here, WWE, and some other one-time items. And we've doubled back pro forma for the antitrust settlement, which obviously are payments that come out of operating cash flow and reduce free cash flow. Albeit having a positive impact on our tax distributions given their tax deductible. At 40%. Now, you know, candidly, things have moved around because of the one-time nature of some of these large-scale events in our business. But I think we stand by on a normalized basis 60% number. And in excess of that 60% number over time. You're not looking at hugely capital-intensive businesses here. We will make investments, organic investments to further fuel our growth. But when we look to 2026, and, you know, we've had a lot of questions and commentary around the media rights renewals and the potential step change in our revenue and profitability, we have a clear path to continued conversion in excess of the numbers that we've said, you know, historically. So, look, stay tuned. We'll be back in February, late February to talk about 2025. But know that we also have, you know, sort of 2026 goals which will further impact the profile of this business positively.
Mark Shapiro: Okay. And then Peter on the talent question. Which just hits us briefly, the reason why you don't hear about it a lot and we say this in all modesty, don't hear about it because of the work of Paul Levesque, Dana White, and Nick Khan and Lawrence Epstein. That's just fact of the matter. They are experts in storytelling. Period. They are experts in creating rivalries. Period. They are experts like David Stern was in building and marketing stars. And when your platforms, when your businesses, your leagues become known for that? Talent aspires to be with those leagues. So we haven't had those challenges as of late. Because frankly, the talent wants to get to the UFC and WWE level. Now we don't take that for granted. We're not arrogant about it. And we want to incentivize all of our fighters at UFC and all of our superstars at the WWE to put out their best every day, you know, and aim for the top of the mountain. But we're prudent about it. We want to keep those costs under control. And as long as we do our job of continuing with that storytelling, continuing to build our fan base, continuing to surround ourselves with the right partners, then talent will gravitate towards the UFC and the WWE.
Peter Supino: Thanks so much. Thank you, Peter.
Operator: Thank you. Next question is from Ryan Gravett of UBS. Ryan, your line is now open. Ryan, your line is now open.
Mark Shapiro: I think we lost Ryan during Andrew's commentary.
Operator: For the interest of time, we can move on. But, Ryan, if you wanted to ask a question, I'm so sorry. Say it one more time.
Mark Shapiro: Why don't we go to the next question.
Operator: Sounds good. Our next question is from Richard Greenfield of Lightshed Partners. Richard, your line is now open.
Richard Greenfield: Hey. Thanks, guys, for taking the question. You know, Mark, I know this is a TKO call. I actually had an Endeavor question. Endeavor as part of the transactions, a couple of weeks ago, announced that they're looking to sell Freeze, Madrid Open, Miami Open, and OpenBet. And I was actually in a couple of conversations earlier this week, and we had heard that Ari Emanuel's actually looking at buying these assets. Is that with his own money personally, or could that involve any TKO money? And I ask that question because I think there's a lot of investors in TKO who are wondering whether you have any interest in buying or investing in any other non-sports leagues as part of TKO.
Mark Shapiro: Thanks, Rich. You never shy away from the tough ones. I would just tell you that, you know, I want to stress again. That TKO will not bid on any other Endeavor assets. Period. None whatsoever. We won't sign an NDA. We won't explore. We won't read materials. Nothing. Whatsoever. To your specific question on Ari, I would tell you that Ari, in his personal capacity, his personal capacity, yes, he could be a bidder for any of the assets Endeavor is selling. I would also just remind you that Endeavor, although it is a TKO, I think call it's apropos. Endeavor is only exploring asset sales. So to your point, the sports betting assets, Madrid Open, Miami Open, and the Freeze Archer, which they've announced they're exploring potential asset sales. They haven't made any definitive decisions. I assume they'll walk down the process. I say that assume because obviously Silver Lake Partners is playing a big role in that. And they'll decide what to do, you know, if and when the road leads to something. But, yes, to your question, Ari and his personal capacity could be a bidder for any of the assets Endeavor sell.
Richard Greenfield: And then just on the non-sports piece, no other non-sports assets is in your purview whether owned by TKO or others?
Mark Shapiro: We are sports pure play. End of story. And I'm glad you said that because we did after the announcement of the Endeavor assets that we did or we are working to close and acquire. It's a question of hey. Are you staying sports pure play? I can't stress enough. These are sports pure play. This does not break away from our model or our strategy. Sports rights, ticketing, and premium experiences in another sports league. It's right in our wheelhouse. Right? We know these properties extremely well because of our history. The deal was value accretive. As the business goes, we're still knee-deep in integration, which we've talked about today as you can see from the quarter. WWE had 54% EBITDA margins. I mean, that's up 18 percentage points year over year. Global sponsorships, our partnerships, kicking strong. I think what gets lost sometimes is WWE, keep in mind, we came into the year with a little over $20 million in sponsorships. Coming into the year because some fell off from last year. And we're now up to $70 million or that's where it will be end of year. So we're making significant progress with the integration, but there's clearly still a lot of wood to chop on the core integration. We see more opportunity and we're laser-focused on it. Also, just finally, just going forward when you look at why we're focused on these two battleships because that's the business. These other PBR are small, obviously, but it's a rising sports league. And the other two assets are going to fuel these two battleships. 85 to 90% of our adjusted EBITDA going forward is UFC WWE. So our eyes are on the ball. We have to finish the integration on the two core assets of WWE and UFC. We're gonna then move sort of simultaneously and apparel attracted the integration of the new three assets. We're gonna keep our head down. We're gonna score numbers. We're gonna keep this thing a cash flow, Gusher, and we're gonna be focused on returning capital to shareholders.
Richard Greenfield: Think that's a good wrap for the call. Thanks, Rich. Think that's it for the wrap the call. Thank you, everyone, for your interest. And for joining us on today's call. Operator, you can conclude the call.
Operator: Thank you so much. That concludes today's Q3 2024 TKO earnings call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-09 08:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello everyone, and welcome to the Q2 2024 TKO Earnings Call. My name is Charlie and I'll be coordinating the call today. You will have the opportunity to ask a question at the end of the presentation. [Operator Instructions] I will now hand over to our host, Seth Zaslow, Head of Investor Relations, to begin. Seth, please go ahead.
Seth Zaslow: Good morning and welcome to TKOs second quarter 2024 earnings call. A short while ago, we issued a press release, which you can view on our Investor Relations website. A recording of this call will also be available via our website for at least 30 days. After prepared remarks from Ari Emanuel, TKOs Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer, and Andrew Schleimer, TKOs Chief Financial Officer, we will open the call for questions. Mark Shapiro, our President and Chief Operating Officer, and Andrew will be handling the Q&A. The purpose of this call is to provide you with the information regarding our second quarter 2024 performance. I want to remind everyone that the information discussed will include forward-looking statements and/or projections that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for further detail. If these risks or uncertainties were to materialize or any assumptions prove incorrect, our results may differ materially from those expressed or implied on this call. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and we undertake no obligation to update them in light of new information or future events except as legally required. Our commentary today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends. These measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP metrics can be found in our press release issued today as well as the information posted on our IR website. With that, Ill now turn the call over to Ari.
Ariel Emanuel: Thanks, Seth. Consumers, and in particular sports fans, are increasingly seeking customized, immersive, communal experiences, and TKO has demonstrated throughout the first half of the year how we are capitalizing on this demand and building entire worlds and weekends around our premium content. Coming off a strong first quarter marked by event milestones, record audiences, innovative brand partnerships and the landmark WWE deal with Netflix, TKO delivered record revenue and profitability in the second quarter. With this continued momentum, we are again raising our full year 2024 guidance for revenue and adjusted EBITDA. Before Andrew discusses our record financial performance, I'd like to share some key highlights from the quarter that include single event, all time highs for ticket revenue and viewership, significant site fees we've witnessed on a global scale, as well as new brand partnerships that will meaningfully drive top line revenue margin and audience. First, UFC and WWE's live events continued to outperform, demonstrating that demand for premium sports and entertainment content has never been stronger. Starting with UFC, the marquee numbered events in Las Vegas, UFC 300 and UFC 303 brought in our third and fourth highest ticket revenue of all time, respectively. Additionally, UFC 302 in Newark, New Jersey, set the record for Prudential Center's highest grossing event in venue history while also becoming the most watched UFC pay per view prelims ever on ESPN too, underscoring how much fans value our content, both live and on screen. At WWE, the quarter got off to an explosive start with WrestleMania 40, which became WWE's most successful event ever, setting records for highest grossing WWE event and most streamed entertainment event on Peacock. That momentum continued over the quarter with a powerful slate of international PLEs. Backlash France attracted more than 20,000 fans over two nights in Lyon, setting records for highest grossing smackdown and highest grossing Backlash of all time. Meanwhile, Clash at the Castle sold out two nights at OVO Hydro in Scotland, breaking WWE's record for a PLE held in an arena. Taken together, these benchmarks all underscore how we are capitalizing on the growing demand for premium content and benefiting from the experience economy around the globe. Next, we improved the economics around our live events. In May, we integrated UFC and WWE's live events groups to drive synergies across event development and scheduling, tourism incentive programs, ticketing and fan experiences. We had several wins throughout the quarter, in particular a series of site fees and incentive packages from public and private partners that is clearly now an increasing trend. Most notably ahead of UFC's first ever fight night in Saudi Arabia, we expanded our relationship with the General Entertainment Authority to bring a second UFC event during Riyadh season in 2025. At the same time, WWE signed a first of its kind agreement with Indiana Sports Corp to bring its three largest stadium events, WrestleMania, SummerSlam and Royal Rumble, to Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis over a three year span starting in 2025. WWE also struck a partnership with Minnesota Sports and Events to make Minneapolis the host for SummerSlam over two consecutive nights in 2026. While early innings, we are encouraged by this progress and confident in our ability to continue delivering one of a kind live event for venues and tourism authorities in the US and abroad that will attract sold out crowds. Finally, we successfully signed new brand partners and expanded our relationships with existing ones. Top of this list is UFC's signing of Riyadh season to the largest single event sponsorship in its history. This milestone also marks the first time a UFC event will feature a title partner, rebranding UFC 306 at Sphere Las Vegas as Riyadh Season Noche UFC, which will no doubt be a much hyped and talked about spectacle for sports fans this September. We also signed partnership deals for Activision's Call of Duty franchise with both WWE and UFC. This marks the first time TKO's global partnerships team has secured simultaneous deals for both companies, highlighting the marketing power of our integrated partnerships team and the attractive demographics and dedicated audience UFC and WWE deliver. In closing, the strength and appeal of our iconic properties are undeniable, and the value proposition we laid out for TKO is widely evident. As we build toward the launch of WWE's partnership with Netflix and with the record breaking NBA media rights deals signaling powerful secular tailwinds ahead of our rights renewals, our conviction in TKO's potential for long-term growth and value creation is as strong as ever. With that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Schleimer: Good morning. I'll start with an update on integration and then shift to our financial results before discussing our capital structure and outlook for the remainder of the year, Ari touched on a number of areas where we are making good progress with the integration of our businesses. That said, we recently kicked off our 2025 planning process. This will be the first full year with several of our groups, such as live events and sponsorship, combined as one team across both UFC and WWE. We expect to continue to realize benefits on both the revenue and cost side from running our business more efficiently, as we continue to further integrate our operations. With a year under our belts and integrated teams impacting our planning process, we anticipate further upside ahead of us. When we announced the combination of UFC and WWE in April of last year, we set a target of $50 million to 100 million in annualized net savings. Including additional benefits, we have started to realize from live events, production and operation. I'm pleased to report that we now expect to exceed 100 million in annualized net savings. Before I turn to our financial results, I want to provide an update on the status of the UFC antitrust lawsuits, as well as a development regarding our external auditors, Deloitte. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we reached an agreement to settle all claims asserted in both UFC antitrust lawsuits. As we previously disclosed, on July 30, the court issued a ruling denying the motion for preliminary approval of the settlement agreement. We obviously disagree with this ruling and believe it disregards the expertise of both our counsel and plaintiff's counsel, as well as the input of an accomplished and well respected expert mediator, all of whom have decades of experience in antitrust case law. It prevents the athletes from receiving what plaintiff's counsel argued was in the best interest of its clients. As we have said throughout this process, we believe strongly in the merits of our cases and are prepared to try both of these cases. We are evaluating all of our options and have initiated discussions with plaintiffs counsel who have expressed the willingness to engage in separate settlement discussions for the Lee and Johnson cases. As appropriate, we will provide further updates. Deloitte has served as our audit firm of record for WWE and UFC for many years prior to the formation of TKO and has been TKO's auditor since the transaction closed. We expected to continue our long-term relationship with Deloitte in the years to come. Unfortunately, solely due to the effects of technical auditor independence rules of the SEC that will be triggered when the Endeavor take private transaction closes, Deloitte will be unable to continue to serve as TKO's auditor. Note, this is solely due to a technical matter and has nothing to do with the work performed by Deloitte for the company or any issue with the company's financial statements. We plan to file an 8-K after the market closes today, announcing that we've engaged KPMG as TKO's independent registered public accounting firm. We are confident in a smooth transition to KPMG, who will complete our 2024 audit. Turning now to our financial results. Second quarter reported results included three months of activity for both UFC and WWE. WWE activity is not included in the reported results for the second quarter of 2023. To assist with comparability, we've presented supplemental financial information in our press release and IR website that includes WWE activity and the portion of WWE related to the corporate group for the second quarter of 2023, as well as each quarterly period from January 1, 2022 through September 11, 2023. For the second quarter of 2024, TKO generated a record revenue of 851 million. Net income was 151 million, adjusted EBITDA was 421 million, also a record, and our adjusted EBITDA margin was 49%. Including WWE activity for April 1 through June 30, 2023, combined revenue for the second quarter was 716 million. Combined adjusted EBITDA was 314 million and our combined adjusted EBITDA margin was 44%. Inclusive of these amounts, revenue increased 19%, adjusted EBITDA increased 34%, and adjusted EBITDA margin increased five percentage points. Now I'll walk you through our segments. Our UFC segment generated revenue of 394 million in the quarter, an increase of 29% or 89 million. Adjusted EBITDA was 232 million, an increase of 23% or 44 million. UFC's adjusted EBITDA margin was 59%, down from 62% in the prior year period. Revenue growth was led by live events, which had a record quarter and continued to benefit from the strength of the experienced economy. Live events revenue increased 114% to 69 million. Ticket sales increased primarily due to one additional numbered event, four in the second quarter of this year as compared to three in the prior year, and strong demand for high profile events such as UFC 300 and UFC 303. Site fees were also a meaningful contributor to the increase. Results in the quarter included a $20 million site fee related to our event in Saudi Arabia, as well as a meaningful site fee for UFC 302. Media rights and content revenue increased 18% to 251 million. The increase was primarily driven by one additional numbered event.UFC had eleven total 11 in both the second quarter of this year as well as the prior year. However, as we've discussed in the past, numbered events carry a higher allocation of fixed media revenue compared to fight nights. The contractual escalation of media rights also contribute to the increase. Sponsorship revenue increased 33% to 62 million. The increase was driven by new partnerships and renewals as well as the mix of events in the quarter, including two of our biggest events, UFC 300 and UFC 303, which featured our annual international fight week. Adjusted EBITDA reflected the increase in revenue partially offset by an increase in expenses. The increase in expenses reflected higher direct operating costs, primarily due to an increase in production, marketing and athlete costs, as well as an increase in direct cost of revenue due to one additional numbered event. SG&A was essentially flat year-over-year. Turning now to WWE, WWE delivered record quarterly revenue and adjusted EBITDA. The financial results continue to reflect strong creative momentum in the business as well as the benefits to both the top and bottom line from the initiatives we've implemented since the formation of TKO. Our WWE segment generated revenue of 457 million in the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was 251 million and adjusted EBITDA margin was 55%. The following commentary on the second quarter includes comparisons to activity for the period from April 1 through June 30, 2023. In the second quarter of 2023, revenue was 410 million, adjusted EBITDA was 173 million and adjusted EBITDA margin was 42%. Revenue increased 11% or 47 million, adjusted EBITDA increased 45% or 78 million and adjusted EBITDA margin increased 13 percentage points. Revenue growth was led by continued strong performance for live events. Live events revenue increased 32% to 144 million, a quarterly record. The increase was primarily related to an increase in ticket sales. Since the formation of TKO, we've been focused on increasing ticket yield and this strategy favorably impacted our results in the quarter, not only in connection with WrestleMania, but for the balance of WWE's live events in the aggregate. Media rights and content revenue increased 4% to 261 million. The increase was primarily related to holding one additional premium live event compared to the prior year, as well as the contractual escalation of media rights fees for our flagship weekly programming and premium live events. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in third party original programming due to the timing of delivery. Sponsorship revenue increased 6% to 25 million, primarily due to timing and the mix of events. In the quarter, we signed new sponsors in the insurance, beverage, CPG, spirits and entertainment categories. Consumer products revenue was essentially flat at 27 million. Results reflected an increase in video game licensing revenue offset by the previously disclosed accounting related to the transition of our venue merchandise business to Fanatics in May 2023. Adjusted EBITDA reflected the increase in revenue and a decrease in expenses. The decrease in expenses reflected lower personnel costs and other direct costs related to our planned cost reduction initiatives implemented following the formation of TKO, as well as a decrease in production costs. Turning now to corporate; corporate reflects the general and administrative operations supporting both of our segments, including finance, legal, HR and the executive team. Corporate also includes the fees paid by TKO to Endeavor under its services agreement. Corporate expenses were 62 million for the second quarter of 2024. On a combined basis, corporate expenses were 47 million for the second quarter of 2023. As a reminder, the WWE services fee to Endeavor didn't take effect until the six month anniversary of the closing of the transaction. As a result, the second quarter of 2024 was the first time that TKO's quarterly results reflected a full three months of activity in addition to the fee UFC continued to pay. The increase was also due to higher personnel costs, including executive compensation and other G&A expenses, including public company costs, following the formation of TKO in September of last year. Moving on to our capital structure, we define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. Free cash flow excludes the majority of the mandatory tax distributions to our owners, but does include the portion of cash tax paid by TKO PubCo. For the quarter, we generated $219 million of free cash flow. This includes 12 million of capital expenditures, approximately 7 million of which related to WWE's new headquarters. We expect approximately 10 million in spending in the second half of the year on WWE's HQ, but nothing meaningful beyond that point. The quarter was also impacted by the timing of working capital, with certain revenues recognized in Q2 that will not be collected until the third quarter, most notably the site fee associated with our WWE Saudi Event, King and Queen of the Ring. We ended the quarter with 2.744 billion in debt and $278 million in cash and cash equivalents. As we previously discussed, we expect to have significant financial capacity over time as we grow adjusted EBITDA and generate cash. As such, we'll continue to consider a wide spectrum of opportunities to increase shareholder value, including organic investment at positive ROI, reducing our net debt position, returning capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and/or dividends, and M&A should a unique and compelling opportunity present itself to increase value, but intend to do so in a selective and disciplined manner. In the quarter, we repurchased approximately 1.9 million shares for 165 million. Since the formation of TKO in September of 2023, we've repurchased a total of approximately 3.2 million shares for 265 million. Now, turning to our outlook, as we've discussed in the past, we manage the business with a focus on full year performance. Therefore, we believe our results are best evaluated on a full year basis, given the quarterly fluctuations that are inherent in our operations related to the timing of our events and content deliveries, among other items. As noted in our press release, we are raising our full year 2024 guidance for revenue and adjusted EBITDA for the second quarter in a row. We are now targeting revenue of 2.67 to 2.745 billion and adjusted EBITDA of 1.22 to 1.24 billion. The increase is related primarily to strong operating performance on a year-to-date basis in the following areas, continued strength in live events at both of our businesses and increased expectations for sponsorship revenues at UFC. Conversely, these increases are partially offset by incremental production costs, most notably related to UFC 306 at the Sphere. On our last call, we noted that we expected the second quarter to be the highest revenue and adjusted EBITDA quarter of the year in terms of absolute dollars, mainly due to the strength in our live events business and the favorable timing of events at both UFC and WWE, and it was. As we look to the third quarter of 2024, we wanted to highlight a few notable items. At UFC, the current calendar includes 10 events compared to 13 events in the prior year period. In addition, we expect three numbered events compared to four in the prior period, as well as six events with live audiences compared to nine in the third quarter of 2023. The timing of the calendar is expected to meaningfully impact our largest revenue stream, media rights and content revenue. To a lesser degree, we expect the timing of the calendar to impact live events revenue, as such should be substantially mitigated by strong underlying trends in pricing and attendance. We're incredibly excited about holding UFC 306 at the Sphere in September and the opportunity to create a once in a lifetime experience. As we've discussed, we expect to incur production costs in the quarter that are meaningfully higher than our historical norm for a numbered event, and as mentioned, higher than previously anticipated. At WWE, we expect healthy revenue growth and strong adjusted EBITDA, driven by continued progress on our initiatives to take costs out of the business. Regarding free cash flow conversion, we are reaffirming our outlook at an excess of 40% of adjusted EBITDA for the full year. In conclusion, we generated strong second quarter results that reflected continued strength at both of our businesses. We are extremely excited about the road ahead and our prospects for 2024 and beyond. With that, I'll turn it back to Seth.
Seth Zaslow: Thanks, Andrew. Operator, we're ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: Of course. Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Brandon Ross of LightShed Partners. Brandon, your line is open, please go ahead.
Andrew Schleimer: Brandon, are you there? Why don't we go to the second 
Operator: [Indiscernible]
Andrew Schleimer: Charlie, why don't we go to the next question?
Mark Shapiro: He's there. He's there.
Andrew Schleimer: Brandon, are you there?
Brandon Ross: Yeah, you guys can't hear me at all?
Mark Shapiro: Yeah, we got you now. Hey, Brandon, it's Mark and Andrew. How are you?
Brandon Ross: Okay. Sorry about that.
Mark Shapiro: Brandon, when you're the first guy to go and hit and you got to be there, man. You can't -- we can't be calling you three times. We got to put you at the back of the line maybe.
Brandon Ross: I was there. First, I'll take the blame on the technical difficulties. How about that?
Mark Shapiro: Thank you. Good morning to you.
Brandon Ross: So -- you, too. A couple of things. One is in the prepared, Ari really highlighted how much bigger of a profit center live events has become, especially at WWE. And you've attacked it in a lot of different ways, including venue size, pricing. Just wanted to get a sense of where you are in that optimization journey at this point. How do you go about optimizing ticket prices? How much room is there on the PLEs? Are we going to see this move to stadiums and multi-nights? Any color you could give us to kind of model out into the future would be helpful?
Mark Shapiro: Yeah, look, you're a little all over the map there, so I want to make sure -- maybe there's a couple questions you want to ask us, but I would just say that from a revenue synergies perspective, it's just right now, knock on wood, clear skies ahead. We're seeing no detraction whatsoever from the consumer, from the sports fan, whether it's the live events and our ticket yields. As you know, we put a press release out every time we do a site fee deal. We've done a number of them, I'm not going to start listing them off, but a number of them now and it's clearly a huge growth sector for us. Our sponsorship, putting our two teams together, clear skies there as well. We're already at our budgeted number for the UFC this year and there's a lot of headroom to go on the WWE. And on the media right side, internationally, IMG has just been a powerhouse for us, leveraging their offices, their people, their soldiers around the world with other properties to see that we're commanding the kind of rights fees we should be getting in these countries now that UFC and WWE are growing the way they're growing. So look, these are meaningful areas for us. And I would just tell you, don't underestimate the Netflix play here, okay? In the sense that the Netflix deal for WWE is all about discovery, right; new audiences, new viewership, casual viewers. You're going to go to that front page and WWE is going to be right there being promoted, being marketed. That's a whole new audience for us. The folks that are already fans of WWE, they will follow, it will be appointment, but Netflix will serve to be a real discovery platform with us and specifically that will help us, Brandon, when it comes to site fees and sponsorship.
Brandon Ross: Got it. And then the NBA deal finally wrapping up, if it actually is wrapping up, I guess UFC is really moving into focus and was just trying to think about the intrinsic value of the pay per view asset that you have in the past. You've been extremely helpful with viewership growth for the PLEs on WWE. I was wondering if you could just talk to us about how UFC viewership of the pay per views and pricing has evolved since the last deal and especially what you're seeing in recent trends.
Andrew Schleimer: Look, ESPN and Disney were very aggressive, if you will, on pricing the pay per view, I mean, and they have full control over that. I mean, we have inputs, but they have control, given what they're paying us for those rights. So over the period of our partnership, as you asked, they probably went a little quicker and a little higher than we would have liked, and we voiced that to them, especially in this kind of era of piracy, where we're seeing our piracy numbers really jacked up, and we think that's driven by them pricing it too high. So they were very receptive to that feedback. We had a meeting in Las Vegas a few months ago with Jimmy Pitaro and Dana, and they took their price down, if you will, in terms of offering a new marketing promotion where if you buy by a certain date well in advance of the numbered fights, you are going to get a discount and then the price, of course, increases once you pass that date, and they're seeing good success with that. So, like, audiences in the live event where we're selling out and breaking records, you see it all in the press release. And, like, the yield that we're commanding, which is, in many cases, specifically with WWE, been higher than we even planned for. We're also sustaining our buys when it comes to pay per view. So we feel really good about that.
Brandon Ross: Excellent. Thank you.
Andrew Schleimer: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ben Swinburne of Morgan Stanley. Ben, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Andrew Schleimer: Yes, we can.
Mark Shapiro: We can.
Ben Swinburne: Hello. Okay, so make sure I didn't -- wasn't that Brandon's problems over here. Good morning, guys.
Andrew Schleimer: Good morning.
Ben Swinburne: Two questions on WWE. Another huge year-over-year growth in live events revenues, and yet expenses were down. I think. Andrew, you said production costs were down. Maybe you could unpack what's happening there with this mid fifties margin at WWE, because obviously that's really impressive. And then I guess I would have thought the free cash flow conversion guidance might have come up just on the guidance raise. But also, I thought I figured you'd take the settlement out of the free cash flow, but maybe it's just too uncertain at this point. So I wonder, maybe you could just comment on free cash flow as well. Thanks so much.
Andrew Schleimer: Yes. Take the second one first, Ben. As you know, we recorded a charge in the first quarter in connection with the settlement. At the same time, we readjusted or adjusted our free cash flow conversion to include the $200 million of payments that would otherwise have been made this year should we have already received preliminary approval and then final approval, which was anticipated by the end of the year. We have not revised or adjusted our expense flowing through any of our financial statements or the cash outflow for purposes of free cash flow conversion. That being said, if payments were to be delayed in the event that this ends up in a settlement, as I've articulated, we are in discussions with plaintiffs council and have separated two cases for purposes of those discussions, then free cash flow conversion would go up and obviously we would have to take a look potentially at the charge that is flowing through our financial statements. But we don't have any updated information that would cause us at this time to modify our expectations for the balance of the year but we will of course keep you guys posted as things develop and any material information will come to pass. Going to WWE and I also want to hit on something I think Brandon asked, this quarter was a big quarter for WWE live event anchored by WrestleMania in early April than other PLEs. We had one additional PLE this quarter versus the prior year quarter at WWE, and these tend to carry a higher margin and -- higher revenue and higher margin gross margin contribution. On the production side, we have been successful at taking cost out of the business on production and this has simply been blocking and tackling. This is looking deep into each P&L, seeing what's superfluous and otherwise. And one of the reasons why we were able to get comfortable raising our estimates on synergies in excess of 100 million is largely through live event production and the efficiencies that we've been able to find there. So I wish there was some magic other than getting our hands dirty and really digging deep into the P&Ls for each of these events but we've been able to find efficiencies. In some cases, we've been able to reduce production elements and increase our saleable inventory in venue by just making the show smaller and not changing the ultimate product for television or for our audience in arena. So there's efficiency there as well.
Mark Shapiro: I would also say, Ben, that while the cost synergies are going extremely well and really the team -- it's a credit to the teams. I mean, they're working hand in glove. Lawrence Epstein and Nick Khan, of course, are heading all this up, but Peter Dropick on the ticketing side in the arena, site fee side, I mean, just driving huge opportunities. And the opportunity for us to still go into cities to get a combo weekend, if you will, is in our near future for several cities where we could do a smackdown, if you will, and then of course also have either one of our Friday fights on UFC or of course a numbered fight, so that's out there. And on the production side, Lee Fitting and Craig Borsari are working hand in glove to get our costs down everywhere from trucks to cloud storage and usage, so thrilled about that. But on the revenue synergy side, the WWE is really the one that's going to benefit in the near term future. As I said earlier, UFC is already at their budgeted sponsorship number for the year, but we see attractive long-term growth opportunity, specifically for the WWE brand because it's been under monetized to date, and we're focused on closing that gap between the two properties in the next couple of years here.
Ben Swinburne: Makes sense. Thanks, guys.
Mark Shapiro: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Karnovsky of JP Morgan. David, your line is open. Please go ahead
David Karnovsky: Thank you. Mark, on the site fees, I'm interested how you view the best way to optimize this over the long term. Is this kind of a pure volume game where you look to get paid on as many events as possible, or is this more about kind of increasing the value of events and then highlighting that to host cities and vendors as a way to drive competitive pricing?
Mark Shapiro: Yeah, look, hit it on the head there, David. It's a balance, right? I mean, it's both. We are Ari is really focused on festivalizing our events further than we're doing it right now with concerts and obviously we have the weigh in and adding culinary kind of taste opportunity, which you see at events like the US Open in New York, and just making our events certainly really attractive for the hardcore sports fan, but also making it more of a cultural event. And I think the more we can do that, we can really expand the stay, if you will. The event becomes a one day, a two day, a three day. I mean, it really moves from one to three days, which is something cities and municipalities have communicated to us they would like to see more of, and they could spend more from their tourism bureaus or whatever it might be, if we could expand the number of days that we come to town. So we're driving it hard in the sense of improving the quality of our overall event, both timeline duration and the content itself, but at the same time, driving a hard bargain and really pitting these cities up against each other. Look, we're going to Vegas for Wrestlemania, but truthfully, we easily could have gone to Minneapolis. And in fact, for a while they look like the favorites until Vegas came in at the end and trumped them. So it's just being really transparent with these cities and these local government officials, letting them know what they have to do, using the power of our leverage, the power of our relationships, and the power of the demand for our content to get us the price and the numbers and really the ticket we're looking for.
Andrew Schleimer: The only thing worth adding is historically, WWE was largely a domestic product, and as we continue to bring WWE events overseas, there is demand for this model from tourism boards, et cetera. So those fit quite nicely in our effort to grow this line item.
David Karnovsky: And then on the WWE sponsorship, we saw you added Wingstop as a sponsor for the PLE events, which is in addition to prime. Just wanted to see if you could dig into your strategy in terms of limiting those in ring sponsors for now to the biggest events you have and how you see that building out over time.
Mark Shapiro: We don't. We don't see any limitations, frankly. It's all about price. If you want to be in the ring, if you want center canvas you want to be in the corners, you want to be the clock when it comes to the UFC. I mean, we are out there. Grant Norris and [Indiscernible] are, of course, running the combined global partnerships group. We are out there talking to new categories, we are out there talking to traditional categories, and we're open for business. I would say these two and their teams get about as creative as any league I've ever seen and we're open to anything, frankly. I mean, we're not looking to over commercialize it, and certainly, we're definitely never going to cheapen the brand. But at the end of the day, we're the league, we're the commissioner, we have total control, and we're only limited by our own creativity. And when you look at Wingstop, or frankly, even our new Budweiser deal, and I would say Monster, I would say crypto.com, we're constantly shucking and jiving with these guys, pivoting on what's working for you and what's not. What else do you want? What else can we create for you? Of course, usually when we're moving or changing something in the contract that comes with an increase. So it's all about monetizing and maximizing the dollar opportunities. And frankly, the ad market is strong, not just for media, but certainly for experiential activation and, of course, sporting events.
David Karnovsky: Thanks.
Mark Shapiro: You don't see us fill it up fast enough, David. It's only because we're not yet getting the pricing we want. We will not give away inventory.
David Karnovsky: Understood. Thank you.
Seth Zaslow: Operator, let's take the next question, please.
Operator: Of course, our next question comes from Ryan Gravett of UBS. Ryan, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Ryan Gravett: Great, thanks. Maybe just circling back on the UFC rights, but on the international side, can you give us an update on how international rights renewals are performing and if you're willing to share what kind of step ups you're seeing? And this is more broadly how you would characterize the demand environment for sports rights relative to what we're seeing in the US?
Mark Shapiro: Yeah. What I would tell you there is, first of all, remember when we moved to Netflix in January, for the most part, Netflix will have our international rights. There will be several regions and countries they don't yet have because of current contracts. But when those contracts roll up, they'll pick them up. So this is primarily a UFC conversation and what I would tell you is IMG is really a secret weapon for us because the intelligence is second to none. The fact that they have 35 offices around the world gives us kind of person to person contact name basis, a lot of business they're doing, we can see around corners and it gives us the opportunity to get the kind of step ups we expect to get. We're not going to get any specific numbers on international and what we're seeing and what we're getting. What I would tell you is international is not as hot as it is domestically in the US, but nonetheless, we're seeing the increases when deals roll off.
Ryan Gravett: Got it. Thanks, Mark.
Mark Shapiro: You got it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Laszczyk from Goldman Sachs. Stephen, your line is open. Please proceed.
Stephen Laszczyk: Hey, guys, thanks for the questions. First, maybe for Mark on live events, you guys see a pretty large swath of the income distribution across your two properties. I'd just be curious if you could impact some of the consumer trends you're maybe seeing at the moment. And then any thoughts on where there still might be opportunity across the properties to take some more price over the next year on the live event side? And then, Andrew, you caught up the Sphere in September. Just curious if you could add any context around some of the revenue or costs we should expect to see come in the quarter. Thank you.
Mark Shapiro: Thanks, Stephen. Look, I covered this a little bit. I guess all I would tell you is it was interesting when Ari and I were listening to the Disney quarterly earnings call and hearing Bob Iger talk about the lower end consumer, if you will, on the income side is kind of holding back. They're seeing things slow down to the Disney parks, or maybe they're just moderating and getting back to normal because, of course, post COVID, the theme parks were just unstoppable. And then meanwhile, he said, the higher end consumer is maybe not doing the theme parks, but they're traveling more internationally. All I can tell you is where we sit specifically, Stephen, we can also tell you about advanced sales. We're just not seeing any slowdown. I mean, it's a credit, I think, to the kind of matchups Dana White is delivering week in and week out and the creativity of Paul Levesque on the WWE side. And by the way, that's a tall order. He's got a Friday night show, he's got a Monday night show, he's got NXT. We're talking with other content providers on more short form content, a bunch of deals that Nick Khan is currently working on and will announce in due time. The fans are, they're just coming full board. Demos are strong, age group is strong. Seeing a lot of pickup on the Hispanic markets, which is a real priority for us to grow on the UFC side because we've just opened a performance institute there in Mexico City and we're really aiming on growing that audience. And our -- the spectacle that we're going to have at the Sphere is going to be really targeting the Hispanic audience, the Latin audience. So it's just really a good place to be right now. We don't take it for granted. We're watching our pricing, but we're probably not being aggressive enough on the WWE side, but we're being careful. We're working with a lot of dynamic ticketing providers to see us get the leg up that we expected when we put this merger together. But UCR, I mean, UFC and WWE are selling out of week in and week out, and the per caps on the F&B and the merchandise side for our partners are also very strong. So I think it's the fact that these two properties, it's such a long event, the duration, you get so many fights on a fight night for UFC, and of course, WWE takes a while to play out as well, I think we're still a good buy for the consumer. It's a great night out. It's a great family event on the WWE side and for the sports fans, UFC is just really, really in the zeitgeist right now. We're trying to capitalize on that when it comes to the ticket per cap.
Andrew Schleimer: And on the Sphere, just some color. Look, we're bullish, obviously. We've talked about this being a cultural event and Dana has publicly stated how much we're investing in this event. And obviously, this is going to be a massive spectacle for those in the arena and for those at home. On the top side, this will be one of the largest gates, if not meaningfully the largest gate that we've ever done. And then the cost side, it's going to be the single largest investment that we're making in an event, and it's even more expensive than we originally anticipated. And that's reflected in our new guide. So we talked about some headwinds going into the balance, excuse me, tailwinds going into the balance of the year, but if there's one meaningful headwind that has a direct dollar for dollar impact on EBITDA, it's the incremental expense we're seeing at the Sphere.
Mark Shapiro: And Stephen, a little anecdote here. Ari and I held a dinner in Paris for the Olympics. That's, in fact, where Andrew and I are coming to you from right now, for our premier ad partners. And one of them made a comment about us being in a position and always sort of having an history, and I credit Dana with this more than anybody else, of not making every decision based on the dollar, that we are committed to growing the brand, we are committed to growing the audience, and sometimes we will make investments that short term won't necessarily pencil out, but long term, there will be a big win for us and play out tenfold, and that's what the Sphere is when Andrew talks about a spectacle. This event is going to be very positive for the UFC brand in business long term. And if we have to spend more than we've ever spent on an event, and believe me, we're doing that, it will pay off long term. We expect to use this event to grow our fan base, to increase fan engagement, and most importantly, to capitalize on the growth area that is the LATAM market for us.
Stephen Laszczyk: That's great. Thank you both.
Andrew Schleimer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Peter Supino of Wolfe Research. Peter, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Peter Supino: Thank you. Good morning. I wondered if you could help us think as bigly as we can about your longer term growth opportunity outside of the United States, especially in terms of event count and productivity program to exploit that over time. And I'd also love to hear from you about the international distribution you'll get from Netflix and how that compares to your prior international distribution, since that's such an important driver of demand. Thank you.
Mark Shapiro: Thanks, Peter. You know, I would say that on the first question, I guess we could talk the international one first. Look, what we love about the Netflix partnership it's not like you're going to see popping up in a lot of countries we're not already in, right? I mean, we're in 170 countries right now but further international expansion is a priority. But more importantly, fan avidity and fan engagement, that is our priority with Netflix, reaching new fans, bringing in new customers, new audiences, really expanding that is the goal. And by the way, it's the goal for them. So we've got a checkerboarded across the world, if you will, what's a priority for them to grow their audiences, areas like Brazil, and what's a priority for us to bring in expanded audiences, and we'll work hand in hand. In fact, we'll launch a co-marketing plan together where we'll buy media and also do an outdoor campaign to see if we can get the attention of new audiences and new fans. And that's really the way we're looking at it. So again, it's not like we're not in a lot of places, but we need to increase the passionate fan base. We need to increase engagement. We want to bring more women to the table. It's impressive that our sport is 40% female on the UFC side, and of course, WWE already plays to families, but UFC specifically has room to grow there, love this. Love to get this to a place where a 50:50 at one time, that might have sounded like impossible, but we're trending in that direction, especially on the rating side, in terms of some of the feedback we're getting from ESPN and how many women are watching UFC fights. And we're not just talking women fighters, we're talking the entire card. So, look, we're very attractive worldwide. We're going to dig deep into that. And we've got the power of Netflix's programming, the power of Netflix as a marketing partner, the power of Netflix's pockets when it comes to dollars as a marketing partner, and so we're bullish on how we're going to do from a ticket yield standpoint and of course, international rights on the IMG side.
Peter Supino: First question?
Andrew Schleimer: Yeah, look, I think -- in just thinking about it, Peter, we're thinking big. As I articulated earlier, while WWE historically had some premiere shows internationally, a vast majority, the overwhelming majority of their live events were here domestically. And we think bringing those shows overseas to new markets to build new fan bases and build fan affinity alongside Netflix is going to be a major opportunity for us. We've seen it in the limited time that we've been involved, whether it be in Perth, Australia, whether it be in this recent backlash in France, we did a PLE in Germany as well in the second quarter, there is significant appeal for our content internationally. And then, as I said earlier, it just opens us up for more site fees in these markets as well. So the more international events we're going to do, the more fee opportunities we have, particularly for the top line. So we're not going to size it for you, but we're feeling pretty good.
Mark Shapiro: Yeah. Look, you got to point back to New Zealand, too. I mean, we did a test in New Zealand of our UFC programming live events on Netflix, and we won the night in ratings. I mean, that's insane. You did no marketing prior to. There was no warning or messaging that this was coming because, of course, Netflix was not worried, but they were being conservative in terms of testing the tech, which, by the way, there was not one hitch, so we were excited to see that. But that was just gravy when the audience numbers came back. So when you're thinking long term growth for us, obviously our media deal is strong. Obviously, site fees are really capitalizing on that sponsorship, but international rights fees will definitely be part of the equation. Thank you.
Peter Supino: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Eric Handler of Roth Capital. Eric, your line is open. Please proceed.
Eric Handler: Yes, good morning. Thanks for the question. At this point, a lot has already been asked, but I guess with the WWE PLE deal that expires one quarter after the UFC deal, how are you thinking about -- do you run that at a similar time frame as the UFC deal? Do you want to get the UFC deal situated before you think about that PLE deal? So any color you can give there would be great.
Mark Shapiro: Yeah. Thanks, Eric. Couple thoughts there. I mean, we might as well just cover the whole media rights situation, because I know you're speaking in terms of timing for the PLEs, but of course, we've got the UFC as well. Look, we. I'll tell you kind of holistically how Ari, Andrew and I see this, and of course, Nick and Lawrence play a key role here in these renewals. I don't need to tell you the market for premium content such as ours remains extremely strong. You know, look no further than the NBA renewal, which is, I think, higher than Adam even thought it was going to be. The Christmas Day games on Netflix, where there was big competition between Netflix and Amazon for those two games. I think the announcement by Zaslav and Warner Brothers, just even for the French Open, much smaller property, and I would add that IMG did that deal for them, for the French Tennis Federation, but that rights fee went from 12 million a year to 65 million a year, $650 million for the French Open. And I know that the USTA has two years left on their deal with ESPN for the US Open, and IMG also is representing the USTA on that rights negotiation. And I'm very optimistic on how that's going to turn out for the USTA and, of course, the value that ESPN will get in return. Now you've come to the UFC and the PLEs. I mean, this is content that airs year round. We're strong in attracting viewers and subs in this whole direct-to-consumer environment we're in. Both are very strong when it comes to reducing churn, and both are very strong as it relates to linear and network television. Let's not forget, whether it's ABC or NBC, those are still very important and very much a part of the equation in rights deals going forward. You see it with the NBA deal where NBC will be carrying games in addition to ABC and ESPN. So we feel very good about these renewals. I've been doing rights fees here, rights deals, I should say, for 25 years, both on the buyer and the seller side, dating back to my days at ESPN, whether it's Monday Night Football, NASCAR, or our owned assets. And I can tell you this is as hot as I've seen it, but it is about timing; very, very important to understand that. Sports rights are strong and they've sustained, but it's timing. Sometimes they're hot and sometimes they're warm. So what it is today isn't necessarily what it's going to be next year, could be hotter, by the way, but we'll see how that plays out. Sports are a premium. Sports are bringing people in. Sports are unifying. Sports are live and they're really important to every platform right now. So the numbers are coming in strong, but it is about timing, and we'll see what happens when we enter our windows. To your point about the PLEs, we don't -- we anticipate discussions in 2025, but there's no timetable that has been set at this time.
Seth Zaslow: Operator, let's take one last question.
Operator: Of course, our final question of today comes from Jason Bazinet of Citi. Jason, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jason Bazinet: Thanks. You guys have obviously done a good job on the revenue and cost side with these two properties together. Do you mind just rolling the clock back and reminding us when you created TKO why you didn't take all of the sports assets inside Endeavor, including PBR and make it part of TKO. And is PBR something that could become part of the TKO family going forward? Thanks.
Mark Shapiro: What I would say on that, Jason, is that, first of all, just with regard to PBR specifically, that was just never in the cards. I mean, we were negotiating with Vince McMahon at the time, and from day one, he was only open to doing this merger, if you will, if it was these two properties, period, end of story. So there was no discussion on PBR. So that's the reason why that happened. And as far as anything else beyond that, I mean, look, we're always going to view M&A through the lens of value creation, end of story. And we'll be opportunistic where we see value there, and we see properties that are going to power our assets long term, that are going to accelerate our growth, that have clear revenue and cost synergies, right now, TKO is one of the cleanest stories in media. And we don't want to pollute our story, we don't want to complicate our model, we're not creating Endeavor 2.0, we're going to be disciplined, we're going to be always value accretive, we're going to keep an eye on, obviously, leverage ratio, and anything we ever look at, I think, has to be also viewed with the lens of pairing a capital return program, whether that is a dividend or that is a share buyback, that's a priority for us.
Jason Bazinet: But there's nothing about the PBR asset that doesn't feel like it's not orthogonal to whatever you're building on the sports side. There's nothing that's uniquely different about that sport versus other sports.
Mark Shapiro: No, I mean, look, these are two separate companies, right, keep that in mind. I mean TKO is a public company, own shareholders, its own board and don't get me wrong that's obviously a great league, and on the Endeavor side, we're very hands on with it, but I'm not going to comment or speculate on Silver Lake's plans for their assets as they begin to take it private.
Jason Bazinet: Understood. Okay.
Mark Shapiro: Thank you.
Seth Zaslow: Thank you everyone for joining us on todays call and for your interest in TKO. Operator, you can conclude the call now.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's call. Thank you so much for joining. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-08 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. Thank you for attending today's first quarter TKO 2024 Earnings Call. My name is Tamia, and I will be your moderator for today's call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to pass the conference over to your host, Seth Zaslow, Head of Investor Relations. You may proceed. 
Seth Zaslow: Welcome to TKO's First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. A short while ago, we issued a press release, which you can view on our Investor Relations website. A recording of this call will also be available via our website for at least 30 days. 
 Joining me on today's call are Ari Emmanuel, TKO's Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer; Mark Shapiro, our President and COO; and Andrew Schleimer, our CFO. After our prepared remarks from Ari and Andrew, we'll open the call for questions. 
 The purpose of this call is to provide you with the information regarding our first quarter 2024 performance. I want to remind everyone that the information discussed will include forward-looking statements and/or projections that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for further detail. If these risks or uncertainties were to materialize or any assumptions prove incorrect, our results may differ materially from those expressed or implied on this call. 
 Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update them in light of new information or future events except as legally required. Our commentary today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends. 
 These measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP metrics can be found in our press release issued today as well as the information posted on our IR website. 
 With that, I'll now turn the call over to Ari. 
Ariel Emanuel: Thanks, Seth. TKO is off to a solid start in 2024 with strong performance across both UFC and WWE. Coming off a record 2023 for both businesses in terms of revenue and profitability, we've continued to deliver through the first quarter. We had record attendance and gates across our live events portfolio in the quarter. We secured a landmark global deal for WWE with Netflix and renewed UFC rights in multiple international markets. We landed groundbreaking brand partnerships, including a first-ever in-ring sponsor for WWE. We settled all claims in the UFC antitrust lawsuits bringing that matter to a close without introducing any further changes to our existing business operations. In April, WrestleMania 40 drew its largest ever viewership and set a WWE gate record with 145,000 fans over 2 days at Philadelphia's Lincoln Financial Field. In the following weekend, UFC 300 became one of the highest-grossing events in UFC history. 
 Based on Q1 performance and business momentum, today, we are raising our full year guidance for revenue and adjusted EBITDA. Andrew will share more detail on our financials shortly, but first, I will touch on recent highlights that underscore our conviction. First, as our record-setting events demonstrate the experience economy is alive and well, especially for premium content and experiences like ours. 
 For UFC, during Q1, we sold out all 5 events with live audiences, setting numerous arena gate records. These included UFC 297 in Toronto, UFC's highest-grossing arena event in Canada, UFC 298 in Anaheim, the highest grossing MMA event ever in California and UFC 299 in Miami setting the arena record and ranking among the highest grossing UFC events of all time. 
 UFC also returned to Mexico City with a fight night that became our highest grossing event in the country and coincided with the launch of our Performance Institute there. The Mexico City facility, our third Performance Institute worldwide will accelerate our efforts to develop and support MMA athletes across Latin America, an important growth market and source of some of UFC's top talent. 
 We're equally excited about several big upcoming fights including Conor McGregor's highly anticipated return to the Octagon at UFC 303 on June 29 and UFC's planned debut at the Las Vegas Sphere this September. 
 Turning to WWE. Premium live events in the quarter, Royal Rumble and Elimination Chamber delivered record gross revenue and viewership. Royal Rumble broke the all-time attendance record for Tropicana field in St. Petersburg, Florida and Elimination Chamber in Perth, Australia brought out more than 52,000 fans to mark WWE's first Australia event since 2018 as part of an agreement with Tourism Western Australia. 
 Throughout the quarter, WWE's events also benefited from momentum leading up to WrestleMania with 17 consecutive sellout for televised events. This sellout streak is the longest for televised events in WWE history. In total, WWE events in Q1 set 54 individual market records for both gross and paid tickets across all event types. These attendance records speak to the broader economic benefits we bring to host cities and we are focused on partnering with local governments and maximizing revenue opportunities from site fees. 
 As one recent example, during the quarter, Tourism Western Australia entered a multiyear partnership for UFC to return to Perth with at least 2 events, including the UFC 305 pay-per-view in August and one additional Fight Night in subsequent years. These initiatives all follow WWE's own successful partnership with the Western Australian government. 
 Next, we are well positioned to continue growing our brand partnerships. At the beginning of the year, we merged the global partnership teams of UFC and WWE to go to market in a unified way and enable more brands to engage with our fans. Right out of the gate, our team has delivered significant wins expanding both businesses brand relationships across new categories, territories and assets. 
 UFC's record-setting partnership with Anheuser-Busch is off to a successful start and we've added multiple first-time partners across the beverage, health and beauty, vocational training, health care and medical equipment categories. For WWE, we announced a first-ever brand partner to appear center mat at premium live events as well as multiple premium brands, including Wheatley Vodka, Amazon Studios and Coca-Cola. All told, we're encouraged by this fast start and remain confident in our ability to grow global partnerships revenue, particularly on the WWE side as our team has done for UFC. 
 Finally, our premium sports and entertainment content remains in demand. This is clearly demonstrated by the global $5-plus billion Netflix deal WWE announced early in the quarter. We're incredibly excited about the potential we see with Netflix and for our fans around the world. Well ahead of the 2025 launch, the partnership is already getting off to a promising start. WrestleMania 40 streamed live on Netflix in New Zealand last month through a onetime arrangement. Despite no marketing push, WWE fans tuned in, in full force, propelling the events spot in Netflix's local programming lineup over a 4-day span. 
 In addition to Netflix, we remain focused on our upcoming media renewals. During the quarter, we secured a short-term agreement with USA Network to extend Raw through the fourth quarter of 2024. We also continued to secure rights agreements and renewals for UFC and international territories at healthy average annual increases. 
 In closing, across each of our lines of business, we believe TKO is well positioned to capitalize on its strength to drive continued growth and profitability. We remain focused on generating cost and revenue synergies, executing our strategy and delivering sustainable long-term value for shareholders. 
 With that, I'll turn the call over to Andrew. 
Andrew Schleimer: I'll start with an update on integration and then shift to our financial results before discussing our capital structure and outlook for the remainder of 2024. 
 As Ari highlighted, we continue to make significant progress with the integration of our businesses. Both are delivering strong results and are well positioned for continued success. We remain focused on realizing the revenue and cost synergies that underpin the strategic and financial rationale for the transaction. 
 In addition to the major wins that Ari discussed, this past weekend, we announced that Las Vegas will host WrestleMania 41 at Allegiant Stadium in April 25 in partnership with the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority. As we've stressed, site fees are a key area of focus for us, and this event includes a meaningful payment as well as other cash and noncash incentives. 
 Further to our plans to integrate our operations, last month we announced that NXT Battleground, one of our NXT PLEs will be staged at UFC Apex on June 9. This marks the first ever WWE event to be hosted at UFC's state-of-the-art event and production facility. In partnership with On Location, we'll offer fans premium experience packages for this event. 
 On the cost side, we continue to make progress as we look to further optimize our cost structure. We're firmly on track to achieve the upper end of the previously communicated range of $50 million to $100 million in annualized net savings this year. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we're now primarily focused on seeking deeper business integration that will yield efficiencies across our business. 
 Before I turn to our financial results, I want to take a moment to discuss the agreement that we reached in March to settle all claims asserted in both UFC antitrust lawsuits. We're pleased to have this matter resolved without introducing any further changes to UFC's existing business operations. The long form settlement agreement is expected to be filed shortly with the court for approval. 
 As previously disclosed, the aggregate settlement is $335 million. We recorded a charge for this full amount in the first quarter which will be paid in 3 installments, $100 million this quarter, $100 million in Q4 and the final $135 million in the second quarter of 2025. The settlement is anticipated to be deductible for tax purposes as and when paid. As a result, we expect our tax distributions to members as required under our [ UPC ] structure to be meaningfully reduced such that we won't realize an adverse dollar-for-dollar impact to cash on hand. 
 Turning now to our financial results. First quarter 2024 reported results include 3 months of activity for both UFC and WWE. WWE activity is not included in the reported results for the first quarter of 2023. To assists with comparability, we presented supplemental financial information in our press release and IR website that includes WWE activity and a portion of the WWE related to the corporate group for the first quarter of '23 as well as each quarterly period from January 1, '22 through September 11, '23. 
 For the first quarter of '24, TKO generated revenue of $630 million. Net loss was $250 million, driven by the $335 million charge related to our legal settlement. Adjusted EBITDA was $282 million and our adjusted EBITDA margin was 45%. Including WWE activities for January 1 through March 31, '23, combined revenue for the first quarter of '23 was $604 million, combined adjusted EBITDA was $257 million and our combined adjusted EBITDA margin was 42%. Inclusive of these amounts revenue increased 4%, adjusted EBITDA increased 10% and adjusted EBITDA margin increased 3 percentage points. 
 Now I'll walk you through our segments. Our UFC segment generated revenue of $313 million in the quarter, an increase of 2% or $6 million. Adjusted EBITDA was $195 million, an increase of 5% or $9 million, UFC's adjusted EBITDA margin was 62%, up from 61% in the prior year period. Revenue growth was led by partnerships as sponsorship revenue increased 28% to $49 million. The increase was driven by new partners, including Anheuser-Busch, which launched in January as well as increases in fees from renewals. 
 Live Events revenue increased 12% to $35 million. Despite one less numbered event, 3 in Q1 as compared to 4 in the prior year, ticket sales increased as a result of the mix of event territories and venues. UFC had 11 total events, including 5 events with live audiences in the first quarter of this year as compared to 10 total events, including 6 with live audiences in the prior year. 
 Media rights and content revenue decreased 4% to $215 million. The decrease was primarily driven by 1 less numbered event which carries a higher allocation of fixed media revenue. This impact more than offset the benefit of 2 additional Fight Nights in the quarter. 
 Adjusted EBITDA reflected the increase in revenue and a decrease in expenses. The decrease in expenses reflected lower direct operating costs, primarily due to a decrease in production, marketing and athlete costs as well as a decline in direct cost of revenue due to one fewer numbered event. 
 SG&A decreased, primarily driven by lower travel expenses from 1 less numbered event and 1 less international event versus prior year. 
 Turning to WWE. Our WWE segment generated revenue of $317 million in the quarter. Adjusted EBITDA was $140 million and adjusted EBITDA margin was 44%. The following commentary on the first quarter includes comparisons to activities for the period from January 1 through March 31, 2023. In the first quarter of '23, revenue was $298 million, adjusted EBITDA was $117 million and adjusted EBITDA margin was 39%. Revenue increased 6% or $19 million, adjusted EBITDA increased 20% or $23 million and adjusted EBITDA margin increased 5 percentage points. Revenue growth was led by continued strong performance for live events. 
 Live Events revenue increased 58% to $50 million. The increase was primarily related to an increase in ticket sales and site fees including a meaningful payment for Elimination Chamber in Perth, Australia, our largest for an international territory outside of the Middle East. 
 Media rights and content revenue increased 5% to $221 million. The increase was principally related to the contractual escalation of media rights fees for our flagship weekly programming, Raw and SmackDown as well as premium live events. 
 Sponsorship revenue decreased $3 million to $14 million, primarily due to timing and the mix of events. As expected, Consumer Products revenue declined $8 million to $32 million. The decrease was primarily due to the absence of revenue recorded in the first quarter of '23 related to the early termination of an agreement for licensed collectibles as well as the previously disclosed accounting related to the transition of our venue merchandise business to Fanatics in May of '23. 
 Adjusted EBITDA reflected the increase in revenue and a decrease in expenses. The decrease in expenses reflected lower personnel costs and other direct costs related to our planned cost reduction initiatives implemented following the formation of TKO partially offset by an increase in production costs as well as travel and entertainment. 
 Turning to corporate. Corporate reflects the general and administrative operations supporting both of our segments, including finance, legal, HR and the executive team. Corporate also includes the fees paid by TKO to Endeavor under its services agreement. Corporate expenses were $53 million for the first quarter of 2024. On a combined basis, corporate expenses were $47 million for the first quarter of '23. The increase was primarily due to higher personnel costs, including executive compensation and other G&A expenses, including public company costs following the formation of TKO in September of last year. 
 As a reminder, in mid-March, WWE beginning a services fee to Endeavor in addition to the fee being paid by UFC. 
 Now moving on to our capital structure. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. Free cash flow excludes the majority of the mandatory tax distributions to our owners but does include the portion of cash taxes paid by TKO PubCo. For the quarter, we generated $28 million of free cash flow. This includes $32 million of capital expenditures, approximately $20 million of which related to WWE's new headquarters. We expect a similar level of spending in the second quarter on the new HQ but nothing meaningful beyond that as the project has reached completion. 
 First quarter free cash flow was also impacted by various normal course working capital items, specifically the timing of annual bonus payments as well as customer collections and payments related to events such as WrestleMania and UFC 300 that occurred in early April. 
 We ended the quarter with $2.752 billion in debt and $246 million in cash and cash equivalents. 
 As we previously discussed, we expect to have significant financial capacity over time as we grow adjusted EBITDA and generate cash. As such, we'll continue to consider a wide spectrum of opportunities to increase shareholder value including organic investment at positive ROI, reducing our net debt position, returning capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and/or dividends and M&A should a unique and compelling opportunity present itself. 
 In April, we repurchased approximately 1.9 million shares for $165 million. Since the formation of TKO in September of '23, we've repurchased a total of approximately 3.2 million shares for $265 million. 
 As publicly reported, we also looked at MotoGP. This was an asset that we thought would complement our existing portfolio and create long-term value for shareholders under our operational control. 
 Going forward, we expect to explore opportunities to increase value and enhance our growth profile through M&A but intend to do so in a selective and disciplined manner. 
 Now turning to our outlook. As noted in our press release, we raised our full year 2024 guidance for revenue and adjusted EBITDA. We are now targeting revenue of $2.61 billion to $2.685 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $1.185 billion to $1.205 billion. The $35 million increase at the midpoint of both revenue and adjusted EBITDA is related primarily to number one, strong operating performance on a year-to-date basis primarily driven by continued strength in live events at both of our businesses; and number two, our agreement with USA Network for the domestic rights to Raw for the fourth quarter of this year. As a result, our guidance now includes $25 million of revenue and adjusted EBITDA in the fourth quarter. 
 As we discussed on our last call, given the quarterly fluctuations related to the timing of events and content deliveries, among other items, we do not intend to provide quarterly guidance and believe our results are best evaluated on a full year basis. 
 That said, as we look to the second quarter of 2024, we wanted to highlight a few notable items. Given the timing of our event calendar, we expect the second quarter to be our highest revenue and adjusted EBITDA quarter of the year in terms of absolute dollars. At UFC, the current calendar includes 4 numbered events compared to 3 in the prior year period. In addition, we expect 7 events with live audiences compared to 5 in the second quarter of '23. 
 One of the incremental Fight Nights is scheduled to take place in Saudi Arabia and will include a meaningful site fee. At WWE, results will reflect the impact of WrestleMania 40 as well as King and Queen of the Ring on May 25 in Jeddah. 
 At corporate, as I mentioned a moment ago, our results will include WWE services fee to Endeavor for a full 3 months as well as UFC, which will continue to be paid. 
 In terms of free cash flow conversion from adjusted EBITDA, we updated our target for the year to reflect the impact of $200 million of settlement payments, which were included in operating cash flow, partially offset by the outperformance of the business in Q1 and the benefit of the Raw agreement in Q4. As a result, we now expect full year 2024 free cash flow conversion in excess of 40% of our adjusted EBITDA target range. 
 In conclusion, we generated strong first quarter results that reflected continued strength at both of our businesses. We are extremely excited about the road ahead and our prospects for 2024 and beyond. 
 With that, I'll turn it back to Seth. 
Seth Zaslow: Thanks. Operator, Mark and Andrew are ready to field the questions. As an FYI for those on the call, Ari is not joining Q&A today. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The first question comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. 
Benjamin Swinburne: I guess for Mark, I got to ask you about the NBA news. I guess it's not official yet, but there's been a lot of press on it. It's certainly making, I think, everyone feel better about the sports market in general and your renewal opportunity is coming up. How do you look at the NBA deal in the context of what TKO has ahead of itself, particularly given ESPN is obviously part of that process?
 And then Andrew, I just want to make sure I understood your comment on the dollar-for-dollar impact or no impact from the settlement. Are you saying that basically the cash tax benefits essentially fund the settlements over the course of this year next year? Just want to make sure I totally got that. 
Mark Shapiro: Andrew will kick it off with the latter. 
Andrew Schleimer: Let me take the second one first, Ben. But in terms of my commentary, the $200 million of payments that we will be making in calendar '24 are deductible for tax purposes, such that it will have a benefit when we're calculating our cash tax distributions to members and it will reduce the amount that we would otherwise have to pay to members. So the $200 million out actually will be less of an impact on our overall cash on hand given its positive impact up to cash tax liability to members given the ups structure. 
Mark Shapiro: And then on your first question, Ben. I mean, frankly, I would tell you that going back to the days of running programming at ESPN, and keep in mind, I left it almost 19 years ago in 2005. I've been hearing about the decline in the value of sports rights, right, that we're going to be hitting a ceiling, we're getting close, folks are getting nervous, they're pricing it in. And obviously, in doing the Raw renewals and the SmackDown renewals with Nick Khan and Ari, we had a lot of pushback on that. And frankly, just everywhere you look, it says otherwise, the NCA deal was a strong deal for all the rights, including the women's sports. The NASCAR deal was a strong deal. The SmackDown deal moving to NBC is a strong deal. Netflix never getting into sports and now Raw there with sports entertainment is a "strong deal". And the NBA, everyone kind of laughed when Adam said he could get 3x or if they didn't laugh, they doubted it. And I think when this is all said and done, he's going to be close to 3x. And that's what happens when you have 4 bidders at the table at a minimum and you have a premium sports property like the NBA. We look at UFC as a premium sports product with great growth ahead of it. We feel good about the potential package that we'll end up with. And we see the demand for live sports is outstripping the supply of premium sports content. 
 And the great thing about UFC, let's not forget, it's not just a volume product. In fact, it's not really a volume product. It's a premium volume product. Sort of like the NFL used to be before Thursday Night Football. It was frankly Sunday, Monday nights, it was driven by scarcity. And I think UFC benefits the same way. We're also both once a subscriber acquisition tool and a churn antidote. We're attractive to digital and linear and we're year round. 
 So going back to the initial point, I mean, we feel good about where we are. We're live. We're urgent. We're a shared experience, and we're optimistic at the potential package we will end up with. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brandon Ross with LightShed Partners. 
Brandon Ross: Andrew, in the prepared, you brought up your bid for MotoGP, which was reportedly even higher than Formula One. It leads to the question I guess, about how you see the future of TKO? Specifically, how strong is the desire to expand outside of UFC and WWE through acquisitions. And do you see a quantity of opportunities out there? Or was this acquisition attempt closer to a one-off? 
 And then in addition to expanding through acquisition, are there other sports where you see an opportunity to build organically out of what you have? 
Mark Shapiro: Yes. So Brandon, it's Mark. Let me take that. First of all, really dating back to just the Endeavor days, MotoGP is something that Dorna overall is something that Ari and I were really interested in and we have kind of danced with them for a couple of years. I'll remind you that the Media division at IMG does distribution of the Dorna MotoGP product around world. So we're very familiar with it. We're familiar with the investors as well because some of them have been or are in our stack in Endeavor as a public company. And frankly, MotoGP kind of lines up with WWE and UFC, right? Same kind of multiple growth levers, year-round sport for the most parts, driven by sponsorship, ticketing, premium hospitality, site fees. I mean, it's kind of what we do, and it doesn't really have a strong following in the U.S. So we thought there was something there for us. 
 But look, we knew Liberty was in there, we knew it may have made a lot of sense for F1 and why they would want it, potentially why MotoGP, the Formula One of motorcycles would want to be with them. And so we kind of danced around the hoop in a very nonbinding way. And ultimately, they made the decision as we suspected to go with Liberty. I would tell you that -- look, you see in our financial results today, they're strong for Q1. We raised our annual guidance in revenue and adjusted EBITDA. We have a healthy adjusted EBITDA margin at 45% consolidated for the quarter. We have strong free cash flow conversion for the year in excess of 40%, likely well in excess of 50% in 2025. 
 WWE, UFC, overall TKO is a low CapEx business. And this is all a long way of saying we expect to generate significant levels of free cash annually. We expect to have significant and increasing financial capacity as a result of that. And we intend to be thoughtful and opportunistic in our deployment of capital, all through a lens of maximizing shareholder value. So those potential uses could include organic investments in high ROI projects, reducing our net debt position, which is something we look at all the time with Andrew and the Board. A return of capital to shareholders through share repurchases or dividends, which I know a lot of folks on this call are anxious to hear more about. And to your last point, attractive M&A opportunities that are strictly confined to premium sports content and live events. There's no genre in the content universe that is hotter than sports. And I say that being the President of 2 companies here, 1 in being Endeavor, which is all about Hollywood music. I mean sports experiences in all its forms are in high demand. But make no mistake, whatever we look at, whatever we dance with, whatever we ultimately chase, we will be disciplined. It will have to be an accretive deal. And finally, it must have significant long-term growth opportunities with multiple levers of growth in the way that UFC and WWE have them in spades. 
Brandon Ross: Great. And then very quickly, over the past couple of days, there have been some press reports and quotes out of Saudi about you expanding your relationship there. I guess for both UFC and WWE, can -- anything you could tell us about what you think the opportunity is there? And how many events you could stage across WWE and UFC? And would these be in addition to your current premium events or replace them? 
Mark Shapiro: Thank you, Brandon. What I would say there is, let's remember, we have a strong and healthy relationship with the Kingdom through WWE and doing 2 annual events a year. And I'll just remind folks for the avoidance of doubt, those deals were primarily in highly tied to Vince McMahon. And there was a lot of speculation with Vince being gone, would that impact the relationship in a negative way? Would they be looking to get out of it. And I would say probably that Nick Khan, in particular, has developed and sustained cultivated, nurtured a very, very strong relationship and a handoff from Vince. And they have a lot of trust in each other. They have a lot of faith. We've been delivering on those events. And potentially, we could look to do more events. But nothing is planned beyond those 2 events at this time. And we will continue to look at eventizing or festivalizing those WWE events more than we already do. 
 From a UFC perspective, frankly, Dana was willing to give this a try for our first event, which is in June, and Dana didn't really want to commit too much more until we got out of the gates on that first event, which I thought was ironically a great story for us because everybody assumed their investment in PFL would mean live for UFC. And I think you know what that means. And it's quite the contrary.  Dana  has developed a great relationship as well and in tandem with Nick. And so much so that we were willing to -- they were willing to commit to another event next year. So right now, no more plans than the 1 event for a year. And frankly, it's just this year and next year. There's nothing more beyond that. But as you can see with our Sphere event that we announced for September, they're going to invest in sponsorship of that event. 
 And by the way, just over on the Endeavor side, and this is not an Endeavor call whatsoever, but we have a lot of history with them in tennis and PIF investing in our tennis events. So relationships good across the board, good C-suite relationships, getting out of the gate, feeling each other out, good experiences, and we plan to build on that if it continues as such. Andrew? 
Andrew Schleimer: The only thing I'd note, Brandon, is in terms of calendar, we've never really discussed specifically whether or not this would be an increase in output or one of our existing events. But what we can say is it does carry a meaningful site fee in 2025, the additional event in Saudi Arabia. So stay tuned as we get deeper into the year and start talking about '25. But we're likely -- I'm not going to comment on incremental output. While those opportunities obviously do present themselves and are available to us. 
Mark Shapiro: And it goes without saying, DCT and Abu Dhabi is a strong and experienced and great track record partner of UFC. I mean they have -- we talked about expanding that relationship in a multitude of ways. Obviously, we do events there on an annual basis. We're committed long term. We have a partnership to expand UFC events in the Middle East with them. So they're a part of anything we do with Saudi Arabia or anybody else. We've talked about potentially launching one of our Performance Institutes there. So everything we do in the Middle East, we do it in conjunction and in tandem strong communication with our friends at DCT. 
Operator: The next question comes from Robert Fishman with MoffettNathanson. 
Robert Fishman: Two questions for you guys, actually, both on media rights. So a different angle, but with college football playoffs locked into their exclusive ESPN deal and all the ongoing NBA negotiations with multiple partners. I'm curious, do you have a strong preference to keep your future rights exclusive to one partner? Or are you open to bring in multiple partners like NASCAR ended up doing? 
 And then second question. With ESPN set to be included in the Disney+ as a tile. Can you share if Disney has the existing rights to include UFC matches? Or would you -- would that lead to a separate negotiation for those rights? 
Mark Shapiro: Thanks, Robert. On the second one, yes, they have the rights in our current deal to include the UFC events. As far as multiple partners, one partner, we'll see what happens when we get there. Our window opens up in mid-January. It's a 3-month window with UFC and the Walt Disney Company. They're a great partner. They are the best marketing machine in the business, and they are the #1 premier automatic destination for sports fans everywhere, certainly in the U.S., but that is the first stop shop, that is the go-to when it comes to looking for sports events. So we're not looking to get away from them. We're not looking to reduce our commitments. But at the same time, we're -- we have a window, we'll listen, we'll talk and we'll do what's in the best interest of UFC going forward. 
Seth Zaslow: Operator, let's take the next question, please. 
Operator: The next question comes from Eric Handler with ROTH MKM. 
Eric Handler: Two questions. First, with regards to WrestleMania, I wondered if you could talk a little bit about the sponsorships? It looked like volume was up considerably year-over-year in terms of the number of sponsored matches. But can you talk about not just volume of sponsorship increases, but maybe how pricing went this year too? 
Mark Shapiro: Yes. I mean, look, we don't, Eric, get into specifics on the pricing and/or guide specifically to a global partnerships or sponsorship number. But what I can tell you is it was clearly a strong WrestleMania for us in Philadelphia by every metric and measure. And I think we had a terrific release on that, that the team put together from ticket sales, our ticket yields, our sponsorships, both in volume and pricing, which were both north, overall attendance, viewership, social hits. Great. I mean the biggest viewed event in Peacock history, just really extraordinary across the board. I know NBC with Comcast, we're really happy with the results. Obviously, we've announced Vegas is going to be next year. So WrestleMania just continues to expand in every way. And frankly, it is the jewel when it comes to WWE with regard to sponsorship. I mean we continue to [ grew ] sponsorship, our global partnerships group as a major long-term growth lever for both of our leagues, UFC and WWE. We have one best-in-class unified team now led by Grant Norris and Lou Koskovolis, they're doing an extraordinary job and well on their way to hitting their numbers this year. And our strategy continues to be a reliance and focus on expanding our core partnerships and closing new categories with strong consumer and fan crossover for both brands. 
 The Budweiser deal is off the charts. We talked about that in the opening comments. That's a long-term partnership on the UFC, and we see opportunities potentially to expand that, whether it's UFC or maybe into WWE long term. And of course, our prime hydration deal was our first deal of having an in-ring sponsor for the WWE right in the center of the mat. So a great story there. 
 And finally, I would just add, we're doing a better job of selling with NBC and ESPN. They are going to market, selling cross-platform, cross channel and we're doing it as a partnership. So we're out there with official sponsorships and partnerships and in-store partners, if you will, from a marketing activation perspective. And we're packaging in media dollars and vice versa on their front. And that's going to be not only a good story for us, but a good story for our partners. And that will be -- that will work to our benefit long term if our partners are happy. 
Eric Handler: Okay. That's helpful. And then secondly, as I try to understand the UFC business a little better, given how strong demand is for events, why not take some of those events at UFC Apex, which there are a good number of and take them to markets with larger arenas? 
Mark Shapiro: Yes. So I think what you've seen is since we have worked our way out of COVID, we have held a significant amount of events outside of UFC Apex and those that we do hold on our campus there in Las Vegas, those numbers have gone down meaningfully. 
 That being said, bringing events on the road is as much about growing our fan base as it is generating income, but it's also about ensuring that we maintain certain margins and profitability profile, and there's a cost-benefit analysis for us that we view opportunity costs of doing events domestically, internationally and holding them at Apex. And what we do in any budget cycle, as I'm sure you could appreciate, is determine the right mix not just to generate top line revenue but to ensure profitability. And those Apex events do carry the lowest cost structure for us to hold them in our home turf in Las Vegas. So I don't think we found the perfect mix yet, but rest assured that we're looking at the numbers and working to do so. 
Andrew Schleimer: And Eric, if we're going to err on one side, we're going to err on the side of going on the road. Dana White built the UFC, with more on [ steps ] being and the [ intend ] of getting out city to city, region to region, DMA to DMA and touching the consumer, right? Introducing a new sport to a global fan base. And being there, there's no substitute for that. 
 So we are in the Apex in front of a couple of hundred people, it's just not the same experience and we're not getting that touch. And we get that feedback. When we go to a city like Nashville. When we go to a city like Columbus, we hear about it a long time since you've been here, there's a reason why the sellout is here and you're getting the ticket yield that you're getting. So we take that very seriously. 
 If we're going to err on the side of -- on the road or kind of under our own [ term ] in Vegas, it's going to be on the road. 
Operator: The following question is from Stephen Laszczyk with Goldman Sachs. 
Stephen Laszczyk: Maybe for Mark on live events. You called out the strength in the quarter. Curious, going forward, you're thinking about sizing the opportunity and growth for that business between pricing attendance, site fees where you see the most opportunity for growth through the balance of the year. 
 And then a follow-up for Andrew. Just to clarify on the free cash flow guidance, net of the settlement and the tax benefit, was there a change to underlying free cash flow for the year? 
Andrew Schleimer: Yes. So on the second one, we changed our guidance from -- in excess of 50%, excuse me, to an excess of 40% solely due to the fact that the $200 million of cash payments that will make [ due to hit ] operating cash flow and our free cash flow metric reconciles to the closest GAAP metric, which starts with operating free cash -- excuse me, operating cash flow. So it's solely to reflect the impact of those payments. 
Mark Shapiro: And Stephen -- are you good on that? 
Stephen Laszczyk: Yes, that was great. 
Mark Shapiro: Okay. And then on just your second -- I think we do have one more question. Okay. Great. Look, I would just tell you because it kind of tease me up to, if you would. My -- when Ari and I look at the overall TKO  business the way we think about the final thoughts, if you will. I mean, look, this quarter has just been gaining busters for us. We want to sustain this momentum. You are 100% right in this kind of post-COVID world, we are still in a major event inexperienced economy. It's hot. And it's a strong reason not to mention the competition of the brands and, of course, the writing that we had such a strong Q1 beat and are effectively putting out our raise for the year. Our business is brisk across the board. We're seeing strength in the live events at both properties. Our ticket yields are up. 
 To your point on site fees, frankly, they're becoming the norm. When we take the show on the road, we're going to need subsidies and/or cash in order to bring our events to your city. And beyond that, the cities where we're already getting site fees. So we're coming back for year 2, we're seeing those site fees increase. 
 So demand is high and the dollars that cities are willing to pay for our business is increasing with every phone call we have. Our global partnerships are on track, as we've discussed, the timing and the magnitude of our net cost synergies are at the upper end of our guidance. Arguably slightly north of the guide is where I think we're going to end up, slightly north. We've got the UFC antitrust lawsuit settled. 
 And going to your point on the events, just take a look at what we have in front of us. Conor McGregor in June UFC 303. The Sphere in September, UFC 306. Although that will be an expensive event to put on. Just for the record, that's not a normal event. The Sphere is the Sphere, and it wasn't necessarily built for UFC events. And it will be a one and done. We will do it one and done. That is what Dana White has told us and he's going to make it extra special. We've got Madison Square Garden in the fall, which we haven't announced yet, in terms of the detailed specifics and dates. And as I mentioned, we've got WrestleMania and Vegas next year, which will be a powerhouse. We got the extension of the UFC Saudi deal in 2025. And oh, by the way, where it looked like we had a stub period for the WWE at the end of this year. And no reason really to get a right [ sweep ] from anybody, we were able, due to a strong partnership to get NBC and Comcast to pay us $25 million for that stub period. So all things are cooking here. 
Seth Zaslow: Operator, let's take one last question, please. 
Operator: The final question comes from Ryan Gravett with UBS. 
Ryan Gravett: Great. Just for Andrew. You mentioned that the business -- you think the business can operate at up to 3x leverage. I guess, what will give me confidence in operating towards the higher end of that range? Is it more macro or interest rate related or maybe the company getting through the next rounds of the media rights renewals versus you leaving some room for M&A if an opportunity comes across? 
Andrew Schleimer: I think it's much more simple. As we've articulated and demonstrated through performance and our plan, this is just a company that generates a meaningful amount of free cash flow that will continue to grow top line and accrete margins, given the financial profile and the contracted significant amount of contracted revenue here and our sort of bullish nature on the next round of media rights renewals up for our key properties. We believe that's a reasonable and very manageable range even to the upper end. 
 So the financial profile of this business. And really, the key underpinning to the investment thesis of this transaction is what really underpins our comfort in those numbers. 
Seth Zaslow: Thanks, Ryan. All right. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us on the call today. Operator, you can conclude the call. 
Operator: This concludes the first quarter TKO 2024 earnings call. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good afternoon. Thank you for attending TKO's Full Year 2023 Earnings Call. My name is Cole and I'll be the moderator for today's call. All lines will be muted during the presentation portion of the call with an opportunity for questions and answers at the end. [Operator Instructions] I'd now like to turn the conference over to our host, Seth Zaslow, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Seth Zaslow: Good afternoon and welcome to TKO's full year 2023 earnings call. A short while ago, we issued a press release, which you can view on our investor relations website. A recording of this call will also be available via our website for at least 30 days. Joining me on today's call are Ari Emanuel, TKO's Executive Chair and Chief Executive Officer, Mark Shapiro, our President and COO, and Andrew Schleimer, our CFO. After prepared remarks from Ari and Andrew, we'll open the call for questions. The purpose of this call is to provide you with the information regarding our full year 2023 performance. I want to remind everyone that the information discussed will include forward-looking statements and/or projections that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for further detail. If these risks or uncertainties were to materialize or any assumptions prove incorrect, our results may differ materially from those expressed or implied on this call. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update them in light of new information or future events except as legally required. Our commentary today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends. These measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP metrics can be found in our press release issued today as well as the information posted on our IR website. With that, I'll now turn the call over to Ari.
Ariel Emanuel: Thanks, Seth, and good afternoon, everyone. TKO's strong results reflect robust demand for our premium content and live events. Throughout 2023, we achieved multiple viewership and attendance records, including 10 highest grossing event records for UFC as well as viewership records at each WWE premium live event during the year. We inked significant partnership agreements across TKO, most notably with Anheuser-Busch. We secured domestic and international media rights increases for UFC and WWE, including for SmackDown and NXT in the U.S. We launched new international events with significant site fees in the Middle East and Australia, and we made meaningful progress in our integration efforts, including merging UFC and WWE's global partnerships teams to form a unified, best-in-class global partnerships organization. During this period, both businesses reached financial milestones. Based on the full year, both UFC and WWE achieved their best financial performance ever. For UFC, 2023 also marks the fifth consecutive year with record financial performance in terms of both revenue and profitability. The positive momentum has extended into 2024, as powerfully demonstrated by our agreement with Netflix to bring WWE's weekly flagship program, Raw, to the streaming giant's global platform in a deal worth approximately $5.2 billion over ten years. This agreement will provide substantial and predictable economics for years to come. And it also demonstrates our ability to leverage the Endeavor flywheel to capitalize on the evolving media landscape and forge relationships with new and emerging partners. With regard to our TKO global partnerships group, our growth potential across both UFC and WWE is significant and already evident, reflected by recent deals with Anheuser-Busch and Slim Jim, and revenue upside in this category is showing strong promise. UFC has set new sponsorship revenue records each of the past six years, and we believe WWE has similar potential. These accomplishments underscore our conviction in the combination of UFC and WWE, as well as TKO's capacity to drive revenue growth and margin expansion, generate meaningful free cash flow, and deliver shareholder value over the long-term. Now, turning to some business highlights. At UFC, we sold out at all five of our live events in the fourth quarter, including October's UFC 294 in Abu Dhabi. UFC and the Department of Culture and Tourism Abu Dhabi have a long standing relationship, which we look forward to continuing through 2028 with the recent extension and expansion of our partnership. During UFC 295 in New York City, we set another record at Madison Square Garden, cementing UFC's position as the first, second, and third all-time highest grossing events in the legendary arena's history. Meanwhile, our fight night in Austin, Texas, became the highest grossing sporting event ever at Moody Center, as well as the highest grossing U.S. fight night in UFC history. In 2023, UFC's live events continued to attract strong fan attendance. During the year, we sold out 20 events with live audiences, with seven of those events now ranking among the top 20 highest grossing UFC events of all time. These events were equally successful on broadcast. For the full year, we had our highest ever average viewership on ESPN's linear networks for UFC's pay-per-view prelims, meaning the bouts before the main card, as well as the most watched year of pay-per-view prelims telecasts on record. Average viewership for all pay-per-view prelims in 2023 on ESPN and ESPN2 grew 35% over 2022. This is before factoring in simulcast viewership on ESPN plus for those events. Turning to international rights. During the quarter and to start the year, we completed multiple renewals, including with Sportsnet and TVA Sports in Canada, ESPN in Australia and New Zealand, and Sony in India, in addition to renewals covering emerging markets like Sub-Saharan Africa and multiple European territories. And as I previously mentioned, our roster of leading sponsors continues to expand, delivering meaningful top line growth over 2022. In addition to signing new partners like Anheuser-Busch as the official beer sponsor of the UFC in a record-breaking deal, we renewed commitments from longstanding partners, including Monster and Toyo Tires. Pivoting now to WWE, demand for WWE's live events was similarly robust. Nine premium live events in 2023 sold out and broke multiple sales records in the process. In the fourth quarter, these included Fastlane, which became the most watched and highest grossing Fastlane in company history, and Survivor Series, which became the highest grossing Survivor Series of all time. That momentum has continued into 2024. Last month's Royal Rumble attracted a venue record of more than 48,000 fans to St. Petersburg, Florida's Tropicana Field, and had the largest gate of any premium live event in WWE history outside of WrestleMania. Turning to media rights. As previously mentioned, we recently announced a significant long-term deal with Netflix. This partnership will dramatically expand the reach of WWE and bring weekly live appointment viewing for the first time to the streamer. We're incredibly excited about this new relationship and what both brands can achieve together over the long run. Beginning in January 2025, Netflix will become the exclusive new home of Raw in the U.S. And will also become the home for all WWE events and specials outside the U.S. as they become available, inclusive of Raw and WWE's other weekly shows, SmackDown and NXT as well as premium live events, including WrestleMania, SummerSlam, and Royal Rumble. The Raw deal follows our new rights agreements that have been announced following the close of the TKO transaction for SmackDown with USA Network and for NXT with CW Network, which widens WWE's overall domestic distribution to include streaming, cable, and broadcast. Together, these deals delivered an increase of more than 1.4x in AAV, exceeding expectations on guidance and demonstrating our ability to capitalize on the evolving media landscape as well as the quality and value of our premium content across TKO. Just five months in, we continue to make great progress across TKO. Looking ahead at 2024, we are optimistic about the opportunities on the horizon, which Andrew will now discuss in greater detail, along with our financial performance.
Andrew Schleimer: I'll start with an update on integration and then shift to our financial results before discussing our capital structure and outlook for '24. As Ari highlighted, in the five months since launching this business, we've begun to realize the revenue and cost synergies that underpin the strategic and financial rationale for this transaction. Now that we've completed our first budgeting cycle, we have even greater conviction in the industrial logic of combining these two iconic brands and leveraging the capabilities of Endeavor. These businesses are highly complimentary, well positioned for success, and are delivering record financial results. On the revenue side, let's start with media rights. In addition to the meaningful wins we discussed on our last earnings call related to renewals for SmackDown and NXT, last month we entered into a transformative partnership to align WWE's content with the global reach and scale of Netflix. This long-term agreement will give us visibility and stability into a high margin revenue stream well into the future, in addition to a best-in-class marketing partner reaching hundreds of millions of fans around the world. With this latest deal, we have now positioned WWE media rights with the leading global streamer while continuing to take advantage of traditional distribution formats. Across both UFC and WWE, our distribution partners at Disney, Comcast, as well as Netflix, see the value of the strong viewership and engagement our premium live sports and entertainment products deliver. These relationships position us extremely well going forward, as we execute our plan to maximize fan engagement and monetization in the next cycle of renewals for our content in an ever evolving media landscape. In sponsorship, shortly after the New Year, we announced a unified global partnerships team focused on delivering unique, authentic integrations across our portfolio for brand partners. Global partnerships is and will continue to be a significant high margin growth area for us. In live events, we benefit from continued strength of the experienced economy, which has persistently driven record results across our business. To reiterate, site fees are a key growth area for us. As one example of immediate synergy, this past weekend, Elimination Chamber was held in Perth, Australia, where we secured the first meaningful site fee for WWE in the region. The event will increase fan engagement and strengthen our presence in the market. Furthermore, we recently announced a five-year partnership to bring multiple live events to the Honda Center in Anaheim, California, with both UFC and WWE securing preferential economic terms. Over President's Day weekend, we held both UFC 298 and Monday Night Raw there. And while it's early innings, this partnership establishes a template for how we will leverage the global popularity of our two iconic brands by packaging events for arenas and tourism authorities around the world. On the cost side, we continue to make significant progress. We completed our review to identify savings opportunities across each of our businesses. This focused on areas such as finance, marketing, human resources, legal, and IT. In addition, it included overlapping personnel in revenue generating areas such as sponsorship, media rights, and consumer products. We're now in the process of seeking business integration that can yield efficiencies in other areas, including live events, production, and operations. As we discussed on our last call, we've identified and commenced action upon run rate savings that when fully realized, will allow us to achieve the upper end of the previously communicated range of $50 million to $100 million in annualized net savings. We recognize a portion of these savings in 2023, and we anticipate realizing the balance in 2024. We will continue to optimize the cost structure of opportunities present themselves. Turning now to our financial results. For year '23 reported results include 12 months of activity for UFC and three and a half months of activity for WWE. WWE activity is not included in the reported results for '22 or from January 1st through September 11th, '23. To assist with comparability, we've presented supplemental financial information in our press release and IR website that includes WWE activity and a portion of WWE related to the corporate group for the fourth quarter and full year 2022 and for the period from January 1st through September 11th, 2023. For full year '23, TKO generated reported revenue of $1.675 billion. Net income was $176 million. Adjusted EBITDA was $809 million. Including WWE activity for 2022 and from January 1st through September 11th, '23, combined revenue was $2.619 billion compared to $2.432 billion in the prior year, an increase of 8%. Combined adjusted EBITDA was $1.092 billion for 2023 compared to $1.013 billion in '22, also an increase of 8%. Our combined adjusted EBITDA margin was 42% for both periods. Now I'll walk you through our segments. For the full year, our UFC segment generated record results reflecting continuing strong performance across each category of the business. Revenue increased 13% to $1.292 billion. Adjusted EBITDA was $756 million, an increase of 11%. UFC's adjusted EBITDA margin was 58% down from 60% in the prior period. Media rights and content increased 10% to $871 million. The increase was primarily driven by higher domestic and international rights fees resulting from increases in contractual revenues, higher fees associated with international renewals, and one additional pay-per-view event in 2023 as compared to the prior year. Live events revenue increased 34% to $168 million. The increase was driven by five additional events with a live audience, 26 in 2023, as compared to 21 in 2022, as well as higher site fees. Sponsorship revenue increased 18% to $196 million. The increase was driven by new partners and increases in fees from renewals. Adjusted EBITDA reflected the increase in revenue partially offset by an increase in expenses. The increase in expenses reflected higher direct operating costs, primarily due to an increase in athlete costs from different matchups, as well as higher production expense associated with one additional pay-per-view event and five additional international events as compared to the prior year. Marketing and venue costs also increased due to five additional events with live audiences in 2023. SG&A increase primarily driven by higher personnel from greater headcount, as well as increased travel and other associated with the additional pay-per-view event and international events. Turning to WWE. The following commentary on the full year segment includes WWE activity for 2022 and for the period from January 1st through September 11th, 2023. For the full year, we generated record results reflecting continued strong performance across the business, in particular, live events. The segments combined revenue increased 3% to $1.326 billion and combined adjusted EBITDA was $533 million, an increase of 4%. The segments combined adjusted EBITDA margin was 40% in both periods. Media rights and content revenue increased 1% to $883 million. The increase was principally related to the contractual escalation of media rights fees for our flagship weekly programming, Raw and SmackDown and premium live events, which more than offset a decline in third-party original programming due to the timing of delivery. Live events revenue increased 17% to $262 million. The increase was related to an increase in domestic and international ticket sales. Sponsorship revenue increased 11% to $69 million, driven by new partners and contractual step-ups in existing agreements. Consumer product licensing revenue declined $22 million to $112 million, primarily due to the previously disclosed transition of our digital retail platform and vending merchandise business, the Fanatics, as well as a decrease in collectibles revenue. Adjusted EBITDA increased as higher revenue was partially offset by an increase in expenses. The rise in expenses reflected an increase in content creation costs, partially offset by lower expenses related to the timing of third-party original programming and the transition of our digital retail platform and vending merchandise business, the Fanatics, in addition to the realization of cost synergies post the close of the merger in September. Turning to corporate. Corporate reflects the general and administrative operations supporting both of our segments, including finance, legal, HR, and our executive team. Corporate also includes the fees paid by TKO to Endeavor under its services agreement. On a combined basis, corporate expenses were $196 million for the full year. This includes expenses related to new employment agreements for a number of our executives. Now moving on to our capital structure. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures. As I'll expand upon in a moment, free cash flow excludes the majority of the mandatory tax distributions to our owners, but does include the portion of cash tax paid by TKO PubCo. For the full year, we generated $420 million in free cash flow. This includes approximately $50 million in favorable working capital related to the timing of customer payments that were contractually due in January '24, but received early in December '23. During the year, we also incurred $49 million of capital expenditures, approximately $25 million of which related to WWE's new headquarters. We ended the quarter with $2.761 billion in debt and $236 million in cash and cash equivalents. As a reminder, our year-end cash balance reflects the use of $100 million in the quarter to opportunistically repurchase 1.3 million shares. Now turning to our outlook. For full year 2024, we're targeting revenue of $2.575 billion to $2.650 billion and adjusted EBITDA of $1.15 billion to $1.17 billion. There are three notable drivers I would like to address in our guide. Number one, as you know, our current deal with USA for Raw ends on September 30th, 2024. And given the lead time Netflix requires to ensure technological readiness, our new long-term deal commences on January 1st, 2025. As a result, our guidance excludes any revenue or adjusted EBITDA in Q4 from the domestic rights fees for Raw. This item is purely time-related, and we are in the process of securing distribution for Raw during the interim period in Q4. We will provide further details once we have an update. For the avoidance of doubt, in 2025, with the commencement of the Netflix deal, our financials will include a full year of media rights for Raw, inclusive of the step-up built into the new deal. Number two, UFC performance will be impacted by the revenue recognition of its live events. In 2023, we benefited from the delivery of one live event we were not able to stage in 2022 due to COVID. This will impact comparability between our '23 and '24 results. Our guidance range is reflective of 2024, having one less pay-per-view from a U.S. media rights revenue recognition perspective. We estimate the impact to revenue and adjusted EBITDA to be approximately $20 million. Number three, the timing and magnitude of the net cost synergies, which we anticipate realizing this year at the upper end of our previously stated range of $50 million to $100 million. The other notable drivers of growth related to our 2024 performance include meaningful growth in partnership sales, the renewal of licensing agreements for UFC content in certain international markets, the monetization of new third-party original programming, and enhancements to ticket yield across our live event portfolio in addition to site fees in key markets. As we discussed on our last call, given the quarterly fluctuations related to the timing of events and content deliveries, among other items, we do not intend to provide quarterly guidance and believe our results are best evaluated on a full year basis. However, as we look to the first quarter of 24, we wanted to highlight a few notable items. At UFC, the current calendar includes three numbered events compared to four in the prior period. In addition, we expect five events with live audiences compared to six in the first quarter of 2023. At WWE, results will be impacted by the absence of consumer products licensing revenue that was recorded in Q1 2023 related to the early termination of an agreement for license collectibles. Year-over-year, consumer products licensing will also reflect the previously disclosed transition of our venue merchandise business, Fanatics. In terms of free cash flow, we're targeting full year 2024 free cash flow conversion in excess of 50% of our adjusted EBITDA target range. Our expected conversion rate in 2024 reflects approximately $50 million of CapEx related to non-recurring projects, such as the completion of WWE's headquarters and UFC's new performance institute in Mexico City, which opened this past weekend. We expect this non-recurring CapEx will be weighted towards the first quarter of the year. Our free cash flow conversion target also reflects an unfavorable working capital impact of approximately $50 million related to the early collection of customer payments I mentioned earlier in my remarks. As we previously discussed, we're structured as an UPSI [ph]. As is common with UPSI, TKO OpCo will be making periodic distributions of cash to its owners, Endeavor and TKO PubCo, to cover tax obligations on a quarterly basis. For full year 2024, we expect to make distributions to our owners on a pro-rata basis at the highest individual tax rates at the time applied to taxable income. As it relates to the income at TKO PubCo, we anticipate paying taxes at the lower corporate rate of approximately 25%, resulting in excess cash at TKO PubCo. It's not lost on us that we expect to have significant cash on hand in 2025. As such, we'll consider a wide spectrum of alternatives to increase shareholder value, including organic investment at positive ROI, reducing our net debt position, returning capital to shareholders in the form of share repurchases and/or dividends, and non-organic investment should a unique and compelling opportunity present itself. Absent financial and environmental factors, we believe we can support a net leverage level of up to three times based on our financial and growth profile, given our contracted revenues, high margin flow through, and the cash generative nature of our business. This net leverage target should provide insight into our framework for liquidity. Considering recent inflation data, as well as the current interest rate environment and uncertainty around rate cuts, our focus today is on generating cash flow, and we expect net leverage to continue to decline in the near term. We look forward to providing further updates on our plans with respect to capital allocation in the coming quarters. In conclusion, we generated robust financial results in 2023 reflecting strength at both of our businesses. We are extremely excited about the road ahead and our prospects for 2024 and beyond. With that, I'll turn it back to Seth.
Seth Zaslow: Thanks, Andrew. Operator, we're ready to open the call for questions.
Operator: Perfect. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Ben Swinburne: Hey, good afternoon, guys. Ari, maybe to start with you, a kind of a bigger picture question. This Netflix deal is sort of a seminal event for your company, but also the industry. Beyond the dollars, what excites you about bringing Raw and all the WWE content to Netflix globally? And what do you think it means for the business, over a longer period of time? And I just had a quick follow-up for Andrew on the guidance.
Ariel Emanuel: Listen, we're extremely excited about the relationship with Netflix. We do a ton of stuff with them on the movie and television and non-scripted side. We're very pleased with the financial terms. We're an entertainment sport. We think the strategic relationship and the benefits from the deal are significant. And as you have indicated based on your question, it's a transformative deal, which we're excited about. Like the deal we made first time with UFC and ESPN Plus, I think this is on the same level with them. They're the largest streamer on a global basis. So that global reach, I think, for our product is extremely important. We think we can benefit them and their strategy going forward with SVOD and AVOD. And so it's a good combination. And now, as you can see, we have, I think, a great assortment of deals. Comcast for SmackDown, CW for NXT, and now Netflix, and we have one deal left with the PLEs. So all in all, pretty incredible.
Ben Swinburne: Thank you. And then Andrew, just to put a finer point on the fourth quarter, it sounds like you expect to have raw distributed and there will be revenue and cash flow. It's just at this point, can't quantify that. And so there's nothing in the guide. I just want to make sure I got that right.
Andrew Schleimer: Yeah. You got that right. We currently exclude any income from Q4, which on a run rate basis, based upon the existing deal terms, is equivalent to $75 million, approximately.
Ariel Emanuel: And I would just say the following, again, we don't have anything for them. We believe Raw will, in the fourth quarter, be aired. We have no further information than that. We feel pretty positive about it. But as Andrew said, he went through the numbers with you.
Andrew Schleimer: Yeah. Don't assume any numbers, Ben. So we're going to get on the best platform we can that's best for the brand and the content, the programming, the viewership and our following. But don't assume any dollars. That's why we pulled it out of there.
Ben Swinburne: Gotcha. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Brandon Ross with LightShed Partners. Your line is now open.
Brandon Ross: Hey everyone. Thanks for taking the question. First, I wanted to follow up with Andrew's commentary on capital allocation. Just wanted to double check that you said you're going to hold off on that generally until 2025. And you did mention in there that you would potentially look for special situations. If a very large shareholder were to sell a lot of stock at once, would you be open to buying that stock directly? And then my second question is, I'm trying to learn to be political.
Ariel Emanuel: Okay. What was your second question?
Brandon Ross: Okay. And then the second question is, you did this global deal with Netflix. I think you didn't give real clarity at the time on what international markets are not covered in the deal or contemplated over the long-term. So any clarity that you could give on that would be helpful.
Ariel Emanuel: Yeah. Let me take the first one, Brandon, in terms of capital allocation. What we did say is that we expect to have meaningful cash flow or cash on hand in 2025. We gave some guidance on adjusted EBITDA conversion to free cash flow. You look at our adjusted EBITDA range, [indiscernible], any income for Raw for Q4, that's rather healthy. We anticipate building up cash over the balance of this year. And I think the commentary was we'd be in a meaningful cash position by the end of '25. That doesn't by any means limit our exploration of potential things over the next six to 12 months, but the fine point was around just the cash balance. On the second question, look, I think we would generally be opportunistic or look to be opportunistic and we would view any opportunity through the lens of creating shareholder value. There was a shareholder that sold stock. As you know, we participated, as I mentioned, in our prepared remarks of the tune of $100 million, roughly 1.3 million shares.
Andrew Schleimer: I would just add, listen, as I said, based on the first answer with Ben and this, Netflix is an incredible partner. It's over $5 billion. I think in my opening remarks, I said 5.2. It's an unbelievable, it's a long-term deal. We've mitigated a lot of the risk in the business. We were very happy with it. I think certain people that we're talking to right now were questioning whether we would ever get a deal with raw after we made the SmackDown deal. And as you can see, it's an incredible deal, throwing off a ton of cash.
Ariel Emanuel: And Brandon, just, I mean, let's call it out. I mean, obviously we're talking about Vince McMahon specifically in terms of cashing stock. He still holds, I believe, 20 million shares. Exactly, it's all registered. And he'll do whatever he's going to do and we're on the sideline. We'll have a look, we'll see. We have no idea on timing. We're not having any discussion with him. He's given us no point of view on his motive or if he plans to sell or not sell, or if he does, how much. So we're going to wait around and find out just like you.
Brandon Ross: Perfect.
Ariel Emanuel: And I think the last part of your question on Netflix, Brandon, in terms of what's in and out of that deal, just to be clear and put a fine point on that one. Netflix has the right to all international territories as and when they become available.
Andrew Schleimer: But we're kicking off with LATAM.
Ariel Emanuel: Yeah. Well, obviously LATAM and Canada, some of the key markets that we put in our initial press release that were of core importance that are available as of January the 1st. Those that are not available as of that time would roll in if and when they become available subsequent to January the 1st, 25.
Mark Shapiro: Yeah. And those were really premier markets for them, Brandon, U.K. was a definite priority for them. LATAM was a definite priority for them. So we're glad that kind of those deals are up and available. And as the rest come out over time, they'll be jumping in. They've shown they want to expose the WWE to their 260 million global subscribers. And obviously beyond the points Andrew and Ari have articulately laid out, we're all so excited about the fact that we exceeded our guidance, right? We told the street, we saw a one four across the board for these three properties. We just exceeded that guidance. And we got it with Netflix. I mean, that's the big headline when you're doing almost a 5.2 billion deal with the best platform in the world with the most biggest audience in the world, arguably one of the best media content brands in the world. And by the way, happen to be one of the best marketers in the world, just see the front page. The idea of seeing WWE Raw on the front page when you go to Netflix is something we're really excited about.
Brandon Ross: I agree. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Eric Handler with Roth MKM. Your line is now open.
Eric Handler: Good afternoon. Thank you for the question. Two questions actually. First, with regards to Netflix deal, how does this impact what you may or may not do with international brand extension, sort of like WWE Europe or what you have now with WWE U.K.? And I'll come back with a second question afterwards.
Ariel Emanuel: I really don't understand that first question.
Eric Handler: Well, how does 
Ariel Emanuel: Go ahead.
Eric Handler: I was just -- does partnering up with Netflix have any impact on what you may do with future brand extensions of WWE, sort of like what you have now with NXT U.K.? Does that help you at all with having one global partner? Does it help you as NXT U.K. maybe morphs into NXT Europe or NXT Latin America or something along those lines? And Nick Khan is also on the call from WWE and he can comment on it. Nick?
Nick Khan: Yeah. So for us, a global localized product has always been a priority. We think Netflix helps us with that. So even if you look at the premium live events scheduled for this calendar year, Perth, Australia this past weekend, Berlin, Lyon, France, Riyadh, Canada, all over the world, look for down the road more local stars from those markets as we expand our tryouts to international markets, so we feel confident over time that that will all be covered and will be part of the Netflix deal.
Eric Handler: Great. And then
Mark Shapiro: Also just remember, remember it doesn't -- our Netflix deal, it's important to know for everybody, our Netflix deal doesn't preclude us from creating new content and events and programming on a global basis. We just have some first look rights that they would have a window to essentially evaluate. So it doesn't, and NXT just across the board, we have an opportunity to create all kinds of new material, sell it for an incremental rights fee, but they're going to be first in line to pay that rights fee.
Ariel Emanuel: Like we have with UFC, we have the Contender Series, which we created after we had the Ultimate Fighter. So you can see we're creative as relates. And in bull riding, we had the individual and we created the team event. So we have the ability to do that within this deal.
Mark Shapiro: And ESPN is very similar to Netflix on Ari's point because they have a first look as well in any new programming. They say, no, we're out there collecting incremental rights.
Eric Handler: Got it. Okay, that's helpful. Secondly, you've talked in the past about, having weekend back-to-back events with UFC and WWE. You just did that. In Anaheim, I'm curious how you think about revenue and/or cost synergies when you do back-to-back events like that in the same city.
Ariel Emanuel: So as you know, we just did, as you pointed out, a Saturday night, Monday night. So it was UFC Saturday night in Anaheim, Raw only on Monday night. SmackDown was in Utah at the time. Those two alone -- there was significant savings on the box office, et cetera. And we now are looking at the calendar. This will be for 2025 with regard to all three. The revenue, you could imagine sponsorship, kind of a ticket package, site fees, which is growing significantly. There's significant revenue opportunity, licensing in the arena. And as you saw in Mexico City, there was a WWE star there. As you saw at the WWE event, Chandler was there promoting stuff. So there's a lot of crossover there. And there's some cost synergies that we recognize, but there will be more because that was just two of our events and there's more to come.
Andrew Schleimer: Yeah. Just to put a pin in that one, Ari, hit the top line, on the cost side, we benefit from venue rent economics by virtue of bringing both shows to the same building. And it doesn't necessarily have to be, Eric, the same weekend. We can bring both properties and negotiate a multi-visit deal, if you will, with that venue and realize the same beneficial or preferential rent economics as we did this past weekend. Ari talked about the top line, more beneficial ticket rebates by virtue of packaging these two programs together in the same venue. So look, it starts to get really interesting. And that's before any logistical savings on T&E, other production, event operation efficiencies and otherwise. So look, that's something that's well in the works here.
Mark Shapiro: Eric, think just -- this is a good analogy here, kind of years back. This is very analogous to ESPN and ABC having Sunday night and Monday night football, right? So anytime there was back-to-back shows that were even in the same region, there was substantial cost savings, truck, personnel, satellite time, you name it. So we think there's a real halo effect for us on the production side of the cost synergies.
Eric Handler: Helpful. Thank you so much.
Ariel Emanuel: Thanks, Eric.
Operator: Our next question is from David Karnovsky with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
David Karnovsky: Hey, thanks for the question. Ari, we wanted to get your latest thoughts on just the sports rights landscape, given obviously the distribution agreement with Netflix, but also the sports joint venture for some legacy media firms, and then the continued pressure in linear. And how are you seeing upcoming renewals with UFC and WWE Network as positions?
Ariel Emanuel: Well, I mean, on the latter point, as you know, we have the PLEs and we have the UFC deal coming up. We feel very strongly about that and our partnerships that we currently have. But there's many players in the marketplace just based on the subs we have at Comcast with the PLEs and what we've done for ESPN/ESPN Plus with the UFC. Mark just completed a pretty good negotiation as it relates to the football playoffs. So -- and what we just did with regard to Netflix, I think they're now a player in this. And I think everybody is kind of paying attention to them and what they're going to do. And now with the new entry with the Fox, Warner Brothers and ESPN. That being said, I think they're all moving to a linear either AVOD or SVOD service. And I think our assets are going to be really important in that conversation. We're going to see what happens with the NBA. I think that's going positively. And so we feel very good about where sports rights in general are going. Mark can talk more specifically on college football, but it's all on an upward trend.
Mark Shapiro: Yeah. I think, David, first of all, on the joint venture -- it's Mark. Ari and I have no comment on that. We're not going to get into the WBD, Disney, the whole combination. Just back on the sports rights fronts, I think, geez, for the better part since we bought the UFC, it's just been commentary about sports rights, the bubble, when's it going to burst? When's the cap coming? And we certainly faced a lot of those headwinds on the WWE renewals. But I'll just remind you, like they're just, the platforms are going to pay for premium content. And we're blessed by having two great premium content properties in the WWE. And when you have premium content and you have several bidders, which clearly they're out there, and you have a move from linear to digital, but you still have to keep linear alive, you've got a pretty robust marketplace. When Ari talks about the college football, he's talking about the NCAA deal and the renewal that ESPN did, it was three times, three X. Then also the CFP, as you know, they went from five games to 12 games. That was a healthy increase that ESPN bid off. And then Amazon takes the wild card NFL playoff game, which was a big hit on Peacock for $110 million. And they have first right of first refusal. They jump on it for next year and up at the $120 million. And then the NWSL, which also IMG and WME Sports did the negotiating on that end with a multitude of players, women's soccer, that went for a big number. So not to mention the NASCAR deal was a very healthy deal. Live sports, especially, when you have what we have, which is volume and year round, we're sitting in a really good place.
Ariel Emanuel: This conversation has been the same conversation with motion picture and television. When is the bubble going to burst with regard to content? I would just say to you, I appreciate everybody it's eventually got a burst, it's never going to be when exactly what Mark said. When you have premium content, which we sit on, whether it be at EDR or here, premium content sells for premiums.
David Karnovsky: Okay. And then just on a separate topic, I wanted to ask on a class auction lawsuit against UFC. My understanding is that this could be heading to the trial in coming months. I guess in that context, any update you could provide on your thinking here? And how do we look about the read through from this to what could happen with a second lawsuit representing a later period?
Ariel Emanuel: Yeah. Look, as we've always said, and this is our consistent message since we started talking about this case publicly, we believe strongly that the facts and the law are on our side. And we look forward -- in terms of timing to making our arguments to a jury at trial. But as is typical in a case like this, we've been engaged in private mediation simultaneously with our trial preparations. And that's what we're prepared to comment on at this time.
David Karnovsky: Thank you.
Seth Zaslow: Operator, we can take the next question, please.
Operator: Our next question is from Peter Supino with Wolfe Research. Your line is now open.
Peter Supino: Hi, thank you. Two, if I could. First, regarding UFC, are you worried at all about competing for Disney ESPN's programming budget in a two-year period of time in which they're going to be funding NBA inflation and several other contract renewals in context of their broader corporate commitment to reduce programming costs? And the second question is on competition. I wondered if you've seen any behavior changes at the PFL since they took in outside capital. Thank you.
Ariel Emanuel: I'll take the second part first. I mean, just do yourself a favor. Look at the ratings that just happened. We're happy with competition. Not only are the PFL and Bellator competition, but football's competition, basketball's competition, video games are competition. There's a lot of competition. And there's a lot of competition in the MMA space. That being said, we perform significantly better than them as it relates to the ratings that took place recently. As it relates to the NBA and whether they're going to be at ESPN, Comcast, Warner Brothers, Amazon, et cetera, and their budgets, we know how much the UFC drives ESPN/ESPN Plus. We're happy with our relationship. I think they're happy with us. And we feel very positive about that relationship and what's going to come. So that's all I'll say right now.
Seth Zaslow: Operator, let's take one last question. Next question.
Operator: Our last question will be from Ryan Gravett with UBS. Your line is now open.
Ryan Gravett: Great. Thank you. Just going back to the Netflix deal, are there cost savings that you can realize by having just largely one partner for the majority of your programming internationally, like sun-setting a WWE Network in any way to quantify that? And then just curious on the initial reception from your sponsors on the cross-selling opportunity here in any way to frame when that could drive higher WWE sponsorship revenues. Thanks.
Andrew Schleimer: Yeah. Ryan, this is Andrew. I'll take the first part. Mark will take the second one. Yeah. I think you hit the nail on the head. On one of the opportunities vis-a-vis our deal with Netflix, as you know, the lion's share of day one of our content internationally inclusive of the WWE Network will be licensed to Netflix. And to the extent that there is longer tail of WWE Network operating in the market, that will then shift to Netflix at the time at which those deals are up. So sun-setting that network is certainly a part of our plan and will yield cost savings when we transfer over to the licensed model, as I said in my prepared remarks.
Mark Shapiro: And then just on the partnership side of the business, which is obviously, and maybe even arguably are among the top three revenue synergies we see for TKO going forward. Let's remember when we -- meaning Endeavor, bought UFC, they were doing roughly $35 million in partnership revenue. I mean, not a lot of inventory identified, not a clear strategy, not a robust global staff selling it and not any local folks, which by the way, WWE is very good at. They sell locally really well. It's national, they need work. And now here we are, end of February in 2024, and we've got a clear line of sight to well over $200 million in partnership revenue for the year. So it's been a great growth story for us. And just as a reminder, similar to Netflix, not only are the dollars good and the margins good and the recurring revenue good, but these are great marketing partners. You're not going to find better marketing partners for our brand than Monster Energy and Anheuser-Busch, et cetera. So we're really confident that we can really materialize the same kind of results on the WWE side, especially since we have merged a best-in-class global partnership theme that is now on the street selling both properties.
End of Q&A:
Ariel Emanuel: Great. Well, thank you everyone for joining us on today's call and for your interest in TKO. Operator, you can conclude the call now.
Operator: That concludes today's call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect your line.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-07 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Hello, everyone. Thank you for attending today's TKO third quarter 2023 earnings call. My name is Sierra, and I will be your moderator today. [Operator Instructions]
 I would now like to pass the conference over to our host, Seth Zaslow, Head of Investor Relations with TKO. Please proceed. 
Seth Zaslow: Good afternoon, and welcome to TKO's third quarter 2023 earnings call. A short while ago, we issued a press release, which you can view on our Investor Relations website. A recording of this call will also be available via our website for at least 30 days. Joining me on today's call are Ari Emanuel, TKO's Chief Executive Officer; Mark Shapiro, our President and COO; and Andrew Schleimer, our CFO. After prepared remarks from Ari and Andrew, we'll open the call for questions.
 The purpose of this call is to provide you with information regarding our third quarter 2023 performance. I do want to remind everyone that the information discussed will include forward-looking statements and/or projections that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please see our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission for further detail. If these risks or uncertainties were to materialize or any assumptions prove incorrect, our results may differ materially from those expressed or implied on this call. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update them in light of new information or future events, except as legally required.
 Our commentary today will also include non-GAAP financial measures, which we believe provide an additional tool for investors to use in evaluating ongoing operating results and trends. These measures should not be considered in isolation from or as a substitute for financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP metrics can be found in our press release issued today as well as the information posted on our IR website.
 With that, I'll now turn the call over to Ari. 
Ariel Emanuel: Thanks, Seth, and good afternoon, everyone. Welcome to TKO's first earnings call. Since launching TKO on September 12, our teams at WWE, UFC and Endeavor have been focused on integration and executing our strategy. This includes identifying cost synergies at the high end of the range we guided, bringing events to new international markets, including Saudi Arabia and Australia, delivering media rights increases for WWE SmackDown and NXT and closing the largest global partnership deal ever for UFC with AB InBev. Before Andrew provides a financial update, I'd like to reiterate why we're so bullish about TKO and highlight the progress we're making to accelerate growth and unlock long-term value for shareholders.
 TKO brings together 2 leading pure play sports and entertainment companies that are uniquely positioned to capitalize on the ongoing demand for premium content and live events. While UFC and WWE's iconic brands remain distinct, we know we can capitalize on their similarities as just a few examples. Both UFC and WWE are in season year round with live events and premium content that reached more than a combined 1 billion fans globally. Our content is an antidote for churn. Both UFC and WWE have large, young and diverse fan bases who are deeply engaged across linear, digital and social channels, video games and sports betting. Both properties are tailor-made for all levers of the sports ecosystem.
 In addition to our high-margin U.S. domestic media distribution deals, UFC and WWE have enormous upside for growth internationally, especially when powered by the scale and leverage of the media group at IMG inside Endeavor. As we've articulated since April, the strategic and financial rationale of this transaction is underpinned by the vast array of potential revenue synergies we expect as we bring these 2 businesses together and activate the Endeavor flywheel. We anticipate this will result in accelerated revenue growth, increase margins and an enhanced profitability profile for TKO.
 Now turning to some highlights. At UFC, we had 6 sellouts in the quarter, including record-breaking events in Sydney, Singapore and Paris that all underscore the growth potential we see internationally and the reach and popularity of the brand. Notably, UFC is making significant progress in global expansion, particularly in the Middle East. In October, we announced the extension of UFC's longstanding partnership with the Department of Culture and Tourism, Abu Dhabi, to continue hosting one numbered event there each year and up to 3 fight nights in the region.
 Additionally, we will expand our presence in the region when UFC debuts a first ever fight night in Saudi Arabia next March as part of Riyadh Season. This deal builds on WWE's longstanding partnership with the Kingdom and reflects Saudi Arabia's commitment to bringing more premium mixed martial arts events to the country. It is also a clear indication that Saudi Arabia has every intention of growing its relationship with the UFC despite assumptions made about their recent investment in the Professional Fighters League.
 Both UFC and WWE have built a strong presence in the Middle East, and we remain focused on growing our businesses and fan bases there over time. Importantly, these new deals include significant site fees, which represent a high-margin growth opportunity for both UFC and WWE. So far in 2023, we are on track to secure close to mid-8 figures in site fees, anchored by our recent agreement with DCT Abu Dhabi, and we anticipate meaningful growth over time as we sign new deals and expand our live events' footprint.
 We are also leveraging the full Endeavor flywheel to bring new global partnership opportunities to TKO. AB InBev just announced a significant multiyear deal with UFC to become its official global beer partner beginning in 2024. The deal, UFC's biggest ever in aggregate, including cash and marketing assets, will bring Bud Light into the Octagon in the U.S. and integrate AB InBev brands globally across live events, broadcast and social media. The marketing commitment we've secured from AB InBev for our international events will be a significant driver for D2C subscriptions, ticket sales and viewership levels, particularly in Mexico, Brazil and across South America.
 Pivoting to WWE. On the event side, WWE set multiple records in the third quarter and unveiled 2 new international premium live events for 2024. WWE will return to Australia in February as part of a tourism Western Australia partnership that includes its largest ever site fee. WWE will also stage its first-ever premium live event in Germany next August. We are also making solid progress on the media rights front.
 Today, we are pleased to announce a new 5-year agreement for WWE NXT with The CW Network. This deal marks the first time in NXT's 13-year history, it will air on broadcast television. We secured a 70% AAV increase for this property, which highlights WWE's next generation of superstars. More importantly, the process and demand were brisk, which should serve as an encouraging sign to our investor base vis-a-vis our raw discussions, which are quite active at the moment with multiple linear and streaming partners.
 Given we produce all WWE content in-house, we have until October of next year to find the right partner, and we remain measured, strategic and patient in our approach to maximizing value. The NXT deal comes on the heels of a new 5-year partnership with NBCUniversal, which we announced in September that will bring WWE SmackDown back to USA Network next October. That agreement, which represents a 40% AAV increase over the existing SmackDown deal includes 4 annual primetime specials that will air on NBC, marking the first time WWE will air on the network in prime time. Just 2 months after bringing UFC and WWE under one roof, the playbook is working as designed. We've made great progress, but the work is truly just getting started.
 With that, I'll hand off to Andrew. 
Andrew Schleimer: Thanks, Ari, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I discuss our results, I want to share a couple of updates on our integration and how we will report our financials. As Ari highlighted, we're very excited about bringing the UFC and WWE businesses under one roof. These businesses are highly complementary, well-positioned for success and are both delivering strong financial results. Combining these 2 iconic brands and leveraging the capabilities of Endeavor will only make them stronger.
 Recently, we've been hard at work integrating the businesses and beginning to realize the revenue and cost synergies that we've been discussing with investors since we announced the deal back in April. Further to Ari's remarks, on the revenue side, we've realized a number of early meaningful wins in media rights with renewals for SmackDown and NXT and sponsorship with AB InBev. Our extension with DCT in Abu Dhabi and first ever live event deal for UFC with the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia demonstrate the ever-increasing global demand for our products.
 With that, I want to further emphasize the importance of these site fee deals to our business, which as previously articulated, is an area of major strategic focus and one of the levers that will continue to pull to drive growth. In addition to the 2 Middle East examples, we will also realize the single highest site fee in WWE's history with WWE Elimination Chamber in Perth, Australia in February 2024, a deal done in collaboration with UFC and Endeavor's government relations teams.
 I would also like to provide some additional detail on the cost side. We're performing a detailed review to identify cost savings opportunities across all of TKO. We're focused on areas such as IT, marketing, finance, human resources and legal. In addition, we're looking at overlapping personnel and revenue-generating areas such as sponsorship, media rights and consumer products. We're also reviewing ways we can be more efficient in other areas of the business, including live events production and operations.
 We've already identified and commenced actioning upon run rate savings that we fully realized will allow us to achieve the upper end of the previously communicated range of $50 million to $100 million in annualized savings. We anticipate realizing approximately 75% of these synergies in 2024. These are early days, and as our team has done successfully in past integration, including with UFC, we expect to identify and deliver additional efficiencies over time.
 Pivoting to how we are reporting our results for TKO. In connection with the transaction, we performed a review of our business to determine the optimal reporting structure of the new public company. We considered various factors, such as how the business will be managed, how financial results will be evaluated and how key operating decisions will be made.
 Based on this review, we decided to report 2 business segments, UFC and WWE as well as a corporate group, which captures unallocated general, administrative and other corporate expenses. As I'm sure many of you saw, we issued historical financial information last week to provide you with detail around this new reporting structure, specifically a recast of the prior periods in the manner we'll report them going forward.
 Turning to our financial results. Because of the timing of the transaction, our consolidated results this quarter will include a full quarter of activity for UFC and 19 days of activity for WWE. For the quarter ended September 30, TKO generated $449 million in consolidated revenue, an increase of 32%. Net income for the quarter was $22 million. Adjusted EBITDA on a consolidated basis was $240 million, an increase of 26%. Our adjusted EBITDA margin was 53%. To assist with comparability, we've also presented information that includes WWE activity and a portion of WWE related to the corporate group for the full quarter in both periods.
 On this basis, combined revenue was $685 million and combined adjusted EBITDA for UFC, WWE, and their respective portions of corporate totaled $298 million. Our combined adjusted EBITDA margin was 43%. Including WWE activity for the prior year period, combined revenue was $645 million and combined adjusted EBITDA was $282 million. Our combined adjusted EBITDA margin was 44%. Based on these amounts, combined revenue and adjusted EBITDA both increased 6% year-over-year.
 Now I'll walk you through each of our segments. Our UFC segment generated revenue of $398 million in the quarter, an increase of 17% or $57 million. Adjusted EBITDA for the quarter was $238 million, an increase of 17% or $34 million. UFC's adjusted EBITDA margin was 60% in both periods. The results reflect continued strong performance across each category of the business. Media rights and content increased $31 million to $267 million. The increase was driven by 2 additional fight night events compared to the prior period, contractual annual step-ups in media rights agreements and certain international renewals, which kicked in earlier this year.
 As previously disclosed, we are seeing the positive impact of increases in international deal AAVs in our numbers. Live events revenue increased $13 million to $52 million. The increase was driven by one incremental event with a live audience compared to the same period last year and continued strong demand for tickets and VIP experiences at our events. Results in the quarter also benefited from higher site fees due to our multiyear partnerships to bring live events to Salt Lake City, Utah and Sydney, Australia.
 Sponsorship revenue increased $12 million to $64 million. The increase was driven by contractual annual step-ups in existing agreements and new partnerships secured year-to-date. Expenses increased $23 million to $159 million. The increase was primarily due to a $16 million increase in athlete cost due to the timing of matchups and additional production costs from incremental events within the quarter. Venue, marketing and other operational costs also increased due to 2 additional fight nights and 2 additional international events versus the prior year period.
 Now turning to WWE. As I mentioned, reported results for WWE only includes 19 days in the third quarter, from September 12 through September 30. For this period, WWE revenue was $52 million, and adjusted EBITDA was $22 million. Including WWE activity for the full 90 days in the third quarter, combined revenue was $287 million. Combined adjusted EBITDA was $102 million and combined adjusted EBITDA margin was 36%. This compares to WWE revenue of $305 million, adjusted EBITDA of $123 million and a margin of 40% in the prior period.
 The following commentary on the WWE segment includes activity for the full quarter in both '22 and '23. As anticipated, timing impact the comparability of results in the quarter, causing declines in media rights and content revenue as well as consumer product licensing revenue, partially offset by an increase in live events revenue. Media rights and content declined $9 million to $211 million. The decrease was primarily due to the timing of third-party original programming and the airing of 1 less episode of SmackDown in the current year period.
 These items more than offset the contractual escalation of rights fees from the distribution of WWE's weekly flagship shows in premium live events. Live events revenue increased 14% to $39 million despite 10 fewer non-televised events reflecting continued strong demand. Consumer products licensing revenue declined $13 million to $23 million. The decrease primarily reflected the absence of revenue recognized in the prior year period related to certain licensing agreements with minimum guarantees.
 As previously disclosed, the accounting related to the transition of our venue merchandise business to fanatics also impacted revenue in the period. Expenses were essentially flat as an increase in content creation cost was substantially offset by lower expenses related to third-party original programming and the transition of the venue merchandise business.
 Turning to corporate. Corporate reflects operations not allocated to the UFC or WWE segments and primarily consists of general and administrative expenses. Corporate also includes the management fees paid by TKO to endeavor under its services agreement. On a consolidated basis, corporate expense was $21 million for the third quarter. Including WWE activity for the full 90-day period, combined corporate expense was $42 million for the third quarter of 2023 compared to $45 million in the prior year, a decrease of $3 million. The decrease was primarily the result of cost savings from actions being implemented subsequent to the closing of the transaction in September.
 Moving on to our capital structure. We define free cash flow as net cash provided by operating activities less capital expenditures. In the third quarter, TKO generated $64 million in free cash flow as compared to $136 million in the prior year period. The decrease was primarily due to $68 million in payments associated with the TKO transaction. In September, pursuant to the transaction agreement, we returned $321 million of capital to Class A shareholders in the form of a special onetime cash dividend of $3.86 per share. We ended the quarter with approximately $2.8 billion in debt and $189 million in cash and cash equivalents.
 Given the strong financial profile of TKO and the high free cash flow generative nature of the business, we expect there to be a wide spectrum of alternatives for the deployment of capital, including organic investment at positive ROI as well as the return of capital to shareholders in the form of dividends and/or share repurchases. We're in the process of formulating a more specific plan around the appropriate long-term range of net leverage for the combined business as well as uses of capital.
 As we've previously discussed, TKO structure is an Up-C. As is common with Up-C structures, TKO OpCo will be making periodic distributions of cash to its owners, Endeavor and TKO OpCo to cover tax obligations on a quarterly basis.
 Now related to our outlook. We plan to provide full year guidance targets for consolidated TKO as we believe our company's results are best evaluated on a full year basis, given the quarterly fluctuations related to the timing of events and content deliveries, among other things. We are laser focused on integration, finding further synergy opportunities as well as budgeting the respective businesses for 2024. We intend to issue our 2024 full year outlook when we report our fourth quarter results in February. We are excited about the ongoing performance of both UFC and WWE, which remain firmly on track to deliver record revenue and adjusted EBITDA for full year '23 and are both in line with our expectations when we consummated the transaction.
 In conclusion, while it's been less than 2 months since we closed this deal, we've been hard at work integrating the businesses and identifying opportunities to accelerate the great profile of the combined company. Based on what we've seen so far, our conviction has only increased, and we're extremely excited about the future for TKO.
 With that, I'll turn it back to Seth. 
Seth Zaslow: Thanks, Andrew. Operator, we're ready to open the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from Ben Swinburne with Morgan Stanley. 
Benjamin Swinburne: I want to come back to why you put these 2 companies together and some of the comments you made about free cash flow conversion and sort of the unique properties of this company, which is contracted revenues and high free cash flow generation. So with all that, one thing you guys obviously need to think about and are thinking about is the right leverage level for this new company. So could you spend a minute just talking about what you think makes sense for TKO? And even if you're not want to put a number on it, can you talk about the relative attractiveness of dividends, buybacks and M&A as you look at running this company over the next couple of years? 
Ariel Emanuel: Ben, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, it's too early to discuss specific plans with regard to TKO's capital allocation philosophy right now. TKO has a strong financial profile, growing revenues, healthy margins, strong free cash flow generation, manageable net debt position, which will present us with the various opportunities on the allocation of our capital into the future. And as you can hear from Andrew and myself, we're really focused on TKO's integration with [indiscernible]. Maybe Andrew can kind of follow-up with some of the other questions you had. 
Andrew Schleimer: Yes. Look, I think we can talk about the industrial logic and strategic rationale for the transaction. Obviously, that is sound. And we did put some statistics out there, Ben, when we first announced the deal. But look, further to Ari's remarks and in line with my prepared remarks, we expect to provide an update on our plans with more specificity, excuse me, on our next earnings call in February, tethered to our full year outlook, first time giving guidance for full year 2024.
 That being said, that does not preclude us from being opportunistic between now and then, particularly given the relatively undervalued nature of our stock right now. And obviously, as Ari articulated, as I articulated, as Mark articulated, when we meet with folks, sell-side and buy-side, this is a meaningfully high cash flow generative business. And we remain committed to evaluating all those alternatives that are available to us, share repurchases, repayment of debt and our laser focus on the return of capital to shareholders, all through a lens of maximizing shareholder value. 
Mark Shapiro: Ben, it's Mark. I would just say, as you can imagine, I mean, that's why it's the first question here. This is the most popular question that 3 of us are asked, frankly, on a daily basis. We have to remind folks sometimes we're in the quiet period. But as Andrew and Ari have articulated, I mean, we are uniquely and keenly aware of the strong free cash flow conversion we're going to have with these 2 properties. I mean, UFC is up there near 60% these days. Obviously, that won't be where it sits forever. It will be around 50% where we'd been historically.
 And WWE is going to quickly get into the 40% to 50% once we get done with our cost synergies and some of the revenue synergies that we will talk about. Obviously, our Budweiser deal on the UFC side was big and high and a lot of conversion there, and we're going to have similar deals on the WWE side. So we're just early innings here. We don't have a plan to articulate today and lay out. But as Andrew said, you can expect we're focused on it. We're in conversations with the Board, and we'll be back to you in February with a specific plan. In the meantime, we will be opportunistic along the way. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brandon Ross with LightShed Partners. 
Brandon Ross: So you've got a really nice increase on the NXT deal, but there's still a lot of investor concern about the state of sports rights licensing. What gives you guys confidence that the rights environment is going to improve in the coming year? And then how does this impact your strategy around Raw? And then anything, of course, that you could tell us on the latest on the Raw negotiations that you highlighted in the prepared is welcome. 
Ariel Emanuel: So let me just first start with ratings update, which I think the first thing that you have to think about when you do this. Viewership and ratings for WWE content is very strong, and there's a lot of momentum. SmackDown, up 19% in the key demo compared to broadcast down 11%, Raw, up 2% compared to cable down 11%. NXT up 39% compared to cable down 11%. TKO WWE content, there's no churn in the content we have. That's one of the big issues for all the SVODs and the cable companies, et cetera. We've year-round content for both UFC and WWE. And we are scheduling flexibility regarding day, time and urgency and consistency of our content is appealing and it's an attractive viewership. And as I said, there's no real churn in the content.
 On SmackDown renewal, we're very pleased with the agreement. We delivered healthy 40% increase. WWE will produce 4 prime time specials per year that will air on NBC. First time WWE will air on a network prime time. It's a strong deal we feel good about, the continued relationship with NBC, who is also owner of the WWE network, current deal probably expires I think its March '26. And the fact that you may or may not remember, 40% of the market was not live, now will be all live.
 On the NXT renewal, very pleased with that agreement, strong deal. 70% healthy increase. CW become a new home. It's the first time NXT will air on a broadcast network. CW is a major network, reaches 100% of the U.S. households. And as you may or may not know, NXT plays an important role in developing talent for WWE. Nearly 90% of the participants in last year's  WrestleMania were developed under the NXT banner.
 And as it relates to Raw renewal, we're having really productive conversations with multiple parties regarding Raw. We expect a robust process with Raw. We're very comfortable with Raw's position. And we're going to be patient, measured, calculated in our approach, no specific timeline regarding the announcement, exactly what we did with the UFC. So we feel really good about the situation that we're in. And so that's we're at. 
Andrew Schleimer: Yes. So on the second part of your question, Brandon, on the just overall state of sports rights, I really love when you bring this up as if there's an issue going on out there. Let's just kind of underscore what's been happening in the last few months. And last time I checked, the Xfinity series went for a monster number on CW. Good for them, good programming. They're adding to their portfolio of sports rights properties like the ACC, LIV, et cetera. And now of course, they've got the late great NXT.
 The NBA is having a robust process. They have an exclusive negotiating period until April with their current partners, but everybody's lined up to get a piece of the NBA. So Adam's in a good position there. Netflix is about to launch the Netflix Cup. So anybody had questions about is Netflix going live and sports rights, et cetera, they're just dipping their toe in the water, and you can expect that's going to open up down the road. And as you know, there was an extra NFL playoff game, if you will, that Peacock took off the table for a massive number.
 So the state of sports rights and the dollars being spent on sports rights remains in a very strong, robust position. And to Ari's point, we're in the middle of this. It is strong and robust for us. 2, Raw is a very healthy property, not only ratings up, it's got a lot of equity to it. It's got longevity, it's got brand affinity, it's got super fandom. And we're going to take our time with this. We have until next October, we can flip the switch just to remind you because we do all the production so we can literally move from one network to a new partner overnight.
 And the last thing I would say, just on Ari's point, which Ari often talks about the antidote to churn, any points to these 2 properties, I think objectively, frankly, because we are year-round and we are premium. But keep in mind that we have a lot of urgency to our sports properties. When there is a PLE going on at WWE or WrestleMania, it's just a trigger to get folks to sign up for [ selves ].
 And the same can be said for UFC. When we have a number of events every month, it's a trigger when folks want to see those prelims on ESPN+ to sign up for ESPN+. That's driving subscriber count for all those partners. And as they move to go direct-to-consumer, like ESPN's going to do in the next 2 years, they reported it themselves, they're going to want year-round premium and urgency. And we're standing in a good position, and we're going to be patient to maximize our rights fee and our marketing partner for the next deal. 
Brandon Ross: And then maybe just 
Andrew Schleimer: We cut him off. Brandon, are you there? 
Operator: Apologies. It appears Mr. Brandon's line did drop from the call for some reason. So we will move to the next question. Next question comes from Curry Baker with Guggenheim. 
Curry Baker: Could you update us on how the integration is going so far? And maybe more specifically on the revenue synergy front? Could you drill down on the largest areas of opportunity that you see maybe help us frame in aggregate where you think the revenue synergies could ultimately go? And any initial thoughts on timing? It seems like you're off to a nice start with the UFC Saudi announcement. 
Ariel Emanuel: Here's what I would say, integration is going well. It's early days, but we're really pleased with how the teams are coming together and the opportunities that we're identifying to enhance the growth profile and the profitability of both companies, both on the cost side and on the revenue side. 
Andrew Schleimer: Yes. And Curry, let me hit the cost side first, and then we'll pivot to the revenue side, as we've discussed and to reiterate in both Ari and my prepared remarks. We expect to achieve the upper end of the previously announced range of $50 million to $100 million in cost synergies. And we got started over the summer. We got deeper into this after we closed in September, really no stone left unturned here. And we feel good guiding to the upper end of that range. We're looking at all areas. And that's prior to really combining these business and seeing efficiencies from the operations of this business going forward.
 So we're going to quickly pivot on the cost side to see as we can get some more -- that being said, of that range, we expect to realize roughly 70% of -- 75%, excuse me, of those synergies in 2024. Those will be reflected in our full year guide. We'll move back and front of you in February. And the balance, 25% balance of those will impact 2025.
 On the revenue side, look, we think, as we've stated time and time again, there are many attractive revenue synergies in connection with this transaction, many of which you've got the taste of some deals that we've announced to date, whether it'd be [indiscernible] sponsorship side, DCT extension as well as the Saudi deal on the live events and site fee side. We discussed NXP, SmackDown and how we're well-positioned for Raw. And then a lot of this doesn't happen candidly without us leveraging and having tentacles into the Endeavor Flywheel, which we're spending a lot of time with our parent company and partners to extract as much value as we probably can. 
Mark Shapiro: Yes. Curry, I'll just say that, obviously, our AB deal is a best-in-class deal, and we're right out of the gate with that, and we expect to mimic that in several categories on both sides of the fence with WWE and TKO -- excuse me, in UFC. We've already, between Lawrence Epstein run the day-to-day of the UFC and [ Connor ] run the day-to-day of the WWE. They've already integrated our partnerships team. So we're already out on the street in some cases, selling both properties together and where we have unsold category on one end, but not the other, of course, selling those individually to the 2 brands where it makes sense.
 I think from a live event perspective as well, Andrew touched on, but beyond the site fees, we're kind of setting the table. So you see [indiscernible] building a point, a date for Perth, which is a place that Lawrence and Dana White, the UFC have been going for such a long time. So we come in and we lay the foundation, we lay local sponsorship opportunities. We festivalize it with WME and the Endeavor network and then WWE comes right behind in the pipeline with their own events.
 We already have the blueprint working. And you can expect to see that in other cities. You have the UFC, obviously, now doing it in Saudi, which will be a great story but also in China. We'll be later on in Shanghai for UFC, and we're already looking at what's going to be our next China date, which we haven't been through in a long time on the WWE. Beyond that, we've got dynamic ticket pricing happening across the Board, which is a capability we have at our location at Endeavor and now WWE is tapping into that, the way the UFC has. And of course, rounded out hospitality, on location sell hospitality and experiential ticketing for both properties. And frankly, we're seeing record numbers out of the gate, especially for WrestleMania 40.
 So revenue synergies, no surprise to anybody. We're pretty bullish. I mean, that ultimately was the recipe for the merging of these 2 properties. 
Andrew Schleimer: And the only other thing I would add to that, all the things that Mark just stated are very high-margin businesses, which will increase the numbers as it relates to the WWE and UFC for our free cash flow conversion. 
Operator: The next question comes from Ryan Gravett with UBS. 
Ryan Gravett: You touched on this a bit in your prepared remarks, but just curious how you see the competitive landscape evolving in the MMA space over the next few years following the minority investment that the PFL received? And I guess, just more broadly, how you're thinking about balancing margin expansion and reinvestments at the UFC from here? 
Ariel Emanuel: Well, I would just say the following. Competition is not new for the UFC or the WWE. MMA is probably the fastest growing sport and we're encouraged by the increased interest and rising tides lift all boats in my opinion. So we don't see this as a zero-sum game. It's not only competition, we don't have any -- not only do we have competition with other MMA or wrestling organizations. Football -- college football, there's a lot of competition out there. We have a strong -- at UFC, we have a strong stable fighters, over 600 in total. I think UFC is where fighters want to come and want to be.
 And as I discussed in my prepared remarks, we feel good about the future of our relationship with Saudi. As one example, we recently announced that we bring UFC Fight Night to Riyadh in March 2024, clear indication that Saudi's very high intentions to grow its relationship with UFC. So that's the kind of our feeling about it. 
Andrew Schleimer: Yes. Look, the investment at SRJ made in PFL, we look it to our advantage. We have no issue with Bellator, PFL, we have major league, to Ari's point, competition is good. Not only do we have over 600 fighters, we have the premier fighters. I mean, ultimately, you're trying to get to the UFC, which is akin to the XFL trying to ultimately get their players into the NFL. I mean, that's a -- yes we are. Those are pipeline and feeder properties. In fact, we're supportive of them being on ESPN. PFL has been on ESPN. We were totally supportive of that deal.
 And the Saudi experience should prove out well for us. And I think, prove something to every investor on this call because when it first came out, it was a lot of what's going on, they're coming after us, they're going to take fighters out, they're going to increase fighter pay, UFC is in trouble. And then quickly on the heels of that, we announced our deal. So good for them. Saudi Arabia is being very aggressive in bringing events to the Kingdom. They're in discussions on the WTA Finals for tennis. They're looking obviously at motorsports. There's rumors about their potential investment in F1. All kinds of stuff that are out there right now, all we know is they want more MMA, which is great for us. And the more they have, the more it's really just going to serve as an appetizer to what will be the meal, which is UFC. 
Seth Zaslow: Operator, let's take one last question. 
Operator: Our last question today will come from David Karnovsky with JPMorgan. 
David Karnovsky: Curious to know how you think about incremental sponsorship opportunities at WWE either inventory or assets that you think had been underutilized, like the ring for instance? And then since coming public, you discussed the idea of super days or super weekends, UFC plus WWE. I'm interested how many of these events do you think are realistic given the calendar? And then how do they factor into your overall strategy for growing site fees? 
Ariel Emanuel: Here's what I would say to you, Vince has been very open to before he was clean in the ring and around. He's now very open into increasing the inventory that we can work with, like we increased the inventory at UFC. Very happy about that. We think there's huge opportunities around the stadium. So that's a good sign. And we are starting in some territories, looking at a Friday night, Saturday night and a Monday night for both WWE, UFC and WWE again. That will give us an indication of our ability to kind of put that on. Once we can prove that model, I think we can take it globally and really move it domestically pretty easily. 
Andrew Schleimer: And David, we're never going to -- just going forward, just an alert for everybody. We're never going to come out specifically and talk about open categories, who are negotiating with, who's open. Frankly, we've got too many competitors out there now not just in our space, but overall, as Ari mentioned, in just the sports marketplace. So it's robust. We're being aggressive. We've got a best-in-class team, and we'll talk about each of the deals as they ultimately come to fruition, but we're not going to give anybody our playbook at this time. 
Ariel Emanuel: But I'll just reemphasize there's a ton of inventory now that Vince and team are opening up at the WWE for us. 
Seth Zaslow: Thank you, everyone, for joining us on today's call. Operator, you can now conclude the call. 
Operator: That will now conclude today's conference call. Thank you all for your participation. You may now disconnect your line.
